god i love your smile
I haven 't been this happy in a long time thank you
SUSAN 's new boyfriend 's patience finally paid off
Are you going to leave me in this hellish place?
BREE begins to regret leaving
ORSONHODGE DREAMS A PERFECT HONEYMOON
In fact, when Bree agreed to his proposal, he had already planned it.
They will fly in first class to a luxurious 5-star hotel and relax by the pool during the day
Passionate sex in bed at night
Even back home a perfect honeymoon will last forever

Mrs. HODGE
What 's the matter, Mr. HODGE?
Can you imagine how happy we would be?
I 'm so happy right now
Oh my gosh it 's only 15 minutes until boarding
If you still want that latte you better go now
ok . . . very sad
Homeless teens still on the rise
This is ANDREW
What is ANDREW like living on the street?
It 's not that bad, I mean you know that too
sometimes get alms of food
You can find a lot of good stuff in the trash
like last night
I found a bucket of grilled chicken that I barely had
ANDREW TELL ME HOW HE WAS ON THE STREETS - AN DRUG MOTHER FATHER MURDERED BY MOTHER 'S BOYFRIEND HE DROPED ON THE ROAD BY MOTHER
a broken childhood
Tell you
God shouldn 't let someone get pregnant
Honey, I 'll bring two cups of coffee if you
what happened to BREE
A reporter interviewed homeless teens and my son, A ndrew, was among them
Oh, my god
We called Child Welfare as soon as we got off the plane
ORSON I can 't believe we 're going on our honeymoon ?
Dear, our ticket is non-refundable
My son is eating food from the litter box
Yes but think you will be better prepared for this crisis after a perfect relaxing honeymoon
O R S O N !
my child is in trouble
Don 't let me choose between you trust me you 're lost
leave me right now
At this point ORSON suddenly realizes that the honeymoon is over in many senses
It 's WISTERIALANE ANOTHER WEEKEND HOLIDAY Everyone is packing and hoping to escape from real life
- ok bye bye - it 's too unfair not to
It 's not unfair that we 're sitting on the mountain and you don 't even look for a job You 're having a good time I love you goodbye
LYNETTE flees increasingly strained marriage
CARLOS You could say it 's extortion but the court calls it alimony unless I get the check on Monday Your buddies in jail will welcome you back
GABRIELLE flees an increasingly painful divorce
Hi
Ready
This is my phone number Please call me if there 's any changes to Mike
I went to the mountains with a friend
By the way, you might be wondering we 're just friends at all
he won 't be curious
SUSAN escapes growing guilt
You have no idea where my son is?
As for BREE, just know some questions
ok you can never get rid of
that reporter
Can only tell me where she saw A ndrew 's
no specific information no phone number no address
Well, honey, he wouldn 't be homeless if he had an address.
Really hate that I almost became prom queen
And now I 'm a weird girl with my brother on the street
You know you can show a little compassion
Your brother is struggling to survive on the street outside
Who 's to blame
Oh she 's right it 's all my fault
it 's not your fault
Parents do not expect their children to run away from home
He didn 't run away from home
I kicked him out
what are you?
I gave him some money and clothes and left him on the street
I didn 't tell you because I was afraid you would misunderstand
You just did what you had to do
I just wish you could have told me before
You know you can say anything to me
I hope there are no secrets between us
there will be no more
You know it wasn 't just ANDREW who had a bad year
I 'm also the poor guy whose boyfriend got headshot in front of me
Let 's get in the car and talk
I really love it here
God bless Tom taking the kids camping this weekend
This happens to be what we need most especially with my recent unhappiness
I just need to relax and refresh myself . . .
- GABY ? - Huh?
Could you be quiet for a while?
- I 'm sorry, thank you
don 't tell me you brought your phone
Oh, sorry
It 's me waiting for a call from lawyer Carlos
Divorce proceedings have to use some means
Hello
Oh hi TOM!
no no no no no
yes she is waiting here

what are you saying ?
Hey
Honey I know it 's time for you to rest this weekend but my fucking back hurts again
- It hurts badly - so ?
So I . . . I can 't sit up because of the pain, the kids are running like crazy
i need you
Why don 't you do Lajin to relax your muscles?
Honey I have done this twice and no help at all
Well, how about giving the phone to the child?
Oh LYNETTE!
please . . . please don 't do this to me
PARKER FINAL WARNING! Put down that axe
oh ok ok
i will be there asap
god i hate my life
I know
I won 't change anything with you
wow look at this
Oh
What a beautiful season when the leaves change color
Well that 's why I arranged this trip so we can spend the weekend together and enjoy the view
yes the view is beautiful
Then I should pack my bags
where do i live ?
Well there are two bedrooms here
one is mine and the other is a guest room
Oh
The room is good
Yes
Well unless you want to stay in my room
In that case I will stay in the guest room
oh i . . . no no
I stay in the guest room because I 'm the guest
Okay, go upstairs at the end of the stairs
OK
SUSAN I . . . um. . .
I think I took your suitcase
yeah i think i got yours
So did you see that . . .
Yes
- Did you notice - it 's hard not to notice
- Well I 'm going to . . .
- Hiding miserably in the room
Me too
Hey LYNETTE
what are you doing here
KAYLA called me she told me Tom 's back hurts
My car was towed again and I want you to rub the car
Cracking the car?
You mean we are in the same car ?
You can strap me to the bumper but yeah I 'm more comfortable in the car
Ah, about an 8 hour drive
so ?
Um, where is the nearest station?
'Cause you know I can take you there
Do you have any comments Lynette ?
I don 't have a problem, I just don 't think we need to all go to the forest
I 'll pick up KAYLA and bring her back
oh i see through your plan
You play the knight who saves them and I 'll be a bad mother who won 't move her fat ass but eat popcorn at home
no way
Due to the sudden departure of LYNETTE - thanks
GABRIELLE had to spend the last night of his spa holiday alone
she didn 't mind
She wanted to enjoy dinner quietly and think quietly
Unfortunately, she quickly thought about her long-delayed divorce and the empty house she would soon be left alone.
She even started to hate the happy couple in front of her
even animal couples
What the hell is Noah 's Ark?! (Because there are animals everywhere)
I think the world is really small
who is there i can 't see you

Did you see me?
how much ?
disturb the lady?
i mean miss
I 'm looking for a guy named ANDREW
Have you seen him?
It 's hard to tell I 've seen a lot of street boys this size
He 's so handsome. Does he have a special relationship with you?
yes very i am very worried about him
There 's a soup kitchen on Malachi 's street at the third intersection, go check it out - oh thank you ma 'am for your name . . .
-   G A T E S . . .
P early Gates ( Pearl Gate )
You have to go through me to get to heaven (it means having sex with him/her)
wonderful
great piano can you play it
oh, haven 't played for a long time
JANE loves to sing and I accompany her but since the car accident . . .
Oh yes
Now
What 's more romantic than a roaring brandy fire?
Well I can think of some more
Oh my heart beats fast
Is it a bad omen? Compared to not jumping
Your heart beats faster than mine
I think I 'm very excited. It 's been almost half a day.
Me too
How is this kiss?
thats just splendid
Certainly different from my previous kisses
different ?
Well I was with the same woman for a long time
Oh yes
But I mean you kissed other girls before
Yes but most are 12 year old girls
when i was 12
I fell in love with Jane at first sight at our high school prom and never dated another woman
You mean Jane is your only one . . .
God I didn 't want you to know this
why not? i think that 's cute
Well I don 't want cute I want angry wild and . . .
Oh IAN this is so good
Some people have many lovers, some people have only a few
it doesn 't matter
Hmm, it doesn 't matter which range do you belong to?
That is to say, how many lovers have you ever had?
- IAN - oh sorry that was rude
I take this question back
Not to say rude just can 't count
I mean just a number doesn 't say anything
- If it doesn 't say anything - IAN !
Well you already know my numbers so it 's only fair
Are there more than three?
9
Please tell me you speak German (the English pronunciation of 9 means no in German)
9 lovers aren 't many 9 lovers don 't prove I 'm a slut
Then why are you angry?
'cause it 's actually 1 1 i hid 2 and you still despise me
I don 't despise you, but are you working in the entertainment industry?
Stop and tell you that 1 1 is not a lot for my age
How old are you? What do you mean by Gallup survey?
(Gallup is the leading public opinion poll in the US)
where are you going? sleep alone
It 's what I always wanted to do but didn 't do (she has a man with her every night)
Hire my company to do gardening for the entire hotel group because they love my gardening
Your company? You set up a company ?
Oh my god I first saw you You 're just a bike Well more than that
The Gardening Channel would like to produce a show I host
I mean still in conception but . . .
how ?
nothing i just . . .
I can 't believe how confident you are
you really changed
thanks i hope you notice
I don 't think I have the chance to ask you to come to my house to clean up the fallen leaves again?
Well you know I don 't do that anymore
And I don 't think Mr. SOLIS would agree
We 're actually getting a divorce
oh sorry
Really? Then what are you laughing at?
I don 't know what are you laughing at?

G A B R I E L L E . . .
Very happy to see you
G A B R I E L L E
I think this is the first time you called my name
yes uh . . .
I hope you have a good time here
I also hope that
your ashtray is full
Do you mind if I throw it in the trunk?
yes i do mind very much
What a miser, I just fell out
oh so funny so funny
Maybe I inhaled the soda you just spit out
why do you always target me
Seems like your favorite game is 'Find out what NO va did wrong'
No my favorite game is to count how many words I really want to say to you
but didn 't say it
For example? Shut up you annoying lunatic
I never said
do you think i 'm crazy
You are so rich in personality that you need medicine
Well you know there are many levels of madness LYNETTE
I mean there are people who are just like me but have a lot of personality
Of course there are people who do
- Omg let go of your hand! - What 's the problem with you?
What 's your problem? What exactly do you think you 're doing?
just a joke
oh well it 's not funny at all if you wanna kill yourself it doesn 't matter
- Just don 't kill me too - oh you think so
You really want me to kill myself, don 't you?
I didn 't say that
But if you kill yourself I 'll be fine
stop aside
- oh just a joke - stop aside
- No - stop aside
- Stop to the side! Otherwise I 'll jump - ok ok ok
I stopped God what the hell are you doing?
Ride the car to the campsite
N O R A !
you are not serious
Shut up and disappear from me
i don 't talk to you
Well now you go from crazy to stupid
This man can be dangerous, so that 's your lucky day LYNETTE?
To shut up !
Look
That 's what you do you tease people
you squeeze into my family
You squeezed into this trip and now you 're forcing me to save you
Okay, you can go if you want.
I tried that way always low power
yes i do it much faster than you
ok try this
Oh it worked I 'm a genius

oh hi i 'm looking for EDIE
she went out
- oh my god everyone is missing today - is there anything I can do to help
Not unless you can fix the fuse box
My science homework tripped the wire
Oh what project ?
oh that 's complicated
You think I 'm too stupid to understand your science homework?
It 's not easy. I 've finished third in state tech competition twice.
Can you fix the fuse box?
Most homes built after 1990 use a unified circuit breaker
You didn 't burn the fuse box, you just caused an open circuit
Don 't challenge the guy who came close to winning the state twice
I 'm going to get a torch
Maybe you can get a shirt and pants too
better wear pants
SUSAN can i come in
I 'm lining up with a guest
SUSAN please
All the words I 've said come from my own insecurities and fears that I might . . . oh I might have let you down
I was going to get mad at you for an hour, but your damn accent is so intriguing
Ah, what do you want to say?
don 't make me say
oh no i didn 't mean to cross the line but i um . . .
I know I 'm your second love in years and I know it means a lot I just don 't want you to take it too seriously
I don 't understand what you want it to mean?
I mean the last time you did this it became a lifetime commitment and I wasn 't ready
Do you think I 'm ready?
Oh I promise you I can make love just as much as you
I 've never been like this
So you 're always passionately addicted to all your 11 men?
Don 't judge Mr. Virgin I 've only done it once . . .
ok ok we don 't seem to have a good start
S U S A N . . .
Okay?
get me out
- Can 't we talk? - why?
We get angry every time we talk
We are still getting to know each other
That 's fine, you already know I 'm a little insecure
I already know you 're a little grumpy
Well IAN you know what we can 't
I 'm going to bed, you 'll drive me back tomorrow morning
Excuse me, I 'm looking for my son. Have you seen him?
Have you seen him?
Excuse me young man Have you ever seen this kid?

ANDREW! My goodness thank God!
What are you doing here?
Come to you, how did the wound on your face come from?
- It 's none of your business - ANDREW don 't go
Shouldn 't you stay home and take care of your new husband?
How did you know? I read the newspaper is the one I slept in
ANDREW You should be mad at me but if you know how much I regret it, you are in the wrong place if you are here to say this
ANDREW Can 't we talk, please?
I 'm your mom for God 's sake! you are my son
No, you abandoned your son at a gas station seven months ago
I 'm someone else now
A N D R E W
A N D R E W !
ANDREW please!
A N D R E W !
Where 's your car?
The guy touched my chest and I hit him in the head with his marijuana pipe and I got out of the car
I 'm sorry I went wild before
It 's just that when you talk about suicide I 'm a little out of control
oh my god nora
You really. . .
oh i 'm sorry i never thought
But your life has changed for the better now, right?
You have a beautiful daughter and you have a fun job at the . . . scones house
oh yeah my life got better
Yes
But not as good as yours, your life is too perfect
What? Did you take a puff of marijuana before hitting someone with that pipe?
It 's just that you have everything, you have children and a career
have a husband
you are super mom
Do you think this is easy? ok i have a good life
Yes I 'm so lucky I work 12 hours a day and then come back home with what looks like 33 kids Husband won 't look for a job
And trust me I 'm not some super mom I can 't hide from reading a book a massage a husband a phone call and it 's all over
ok sorry i was wrong
I 'm sorry I said that TOM he 's trying his best to get a job
You know maybe he should try harder if he doesn 't hate advertising so much
He doesn 't hate advertising
When he came to pick up Kayla last week, he just had a nasty interview and he said he hated advertising and always hated it.
He really wants to stay away from this line of work. He told you that?
He never told me that
he might be afraid to tell you
Why is he afraid to tell me?
Maybe it 's because you 're the kind of woman . . . when someone tells you they want to kill themselves you say: 'Go to hell'
- Are you sure you don 't want to come in? - no i 'm fine
Oh you should really see how I did it just in case
Well here is the converter
First you turn it to 'off' reboot the system and then press 'on'
- that 's it? - Yes
You don 't have to come all the way to do this
You just have to explain it to me
yeah i think i should do that
oh . . . how are you
EDIE ! hello
oh sorry uh he just turned the lights on for me
my circuit is overloaded
see it
Yeah she 's doing a big science experiment and she needs me to explain to her how to use electricity
I think it 's called 'sarcasm'
JULIE where is your mother?
Is she going on a trip?
Yeah I lent her the CD player last time I came I want to get it back now
oh she took it to the hospital for mike
oh my god
I 'm obsessed with this Florentine tenor
hey science boy I 'll set you up with an experiment
Go home and make two ounces of gin and order a vermouth and see if I can lift my mood with a glass of wine
JULIE dear you are a good girl
help stay away from my nephew
Trust me I have no interest in megalomaniac muscular juvenile delinquents
darling . . . every good girl said that just before she became a bad girl
trust me i know
The difference is now after we 're done
I don 't have to change your paper on E than F rome for you
I also don 't have to jump out of the window which is a nice change
Yeah hey how about I call a bottle of DOM wine?
Oh I love rich JOHN!
Hey? oh how are you
Nothing but room service and movies
What?
real? you are . . . are you kidding me
Um no! I . . . I 'm so excited
In 4 2 4 rooms
goodbye me too
- You gotta get out of here - what?
- My fiancee is coming - oh!
- Your fiancée? - she said she was coming tomorrow
I think she 's trying to surprise me and get dressed!
Um who are you engaged to?
Her name is TAMMY where is your shoe?
How could you do this to me? !
How can you tempt me to bed you 're getting married
You were right when you slept with me. You are already married.
You already knew there was this guy CARLOS! My deception is upright and honest
GABY we don 't have time to discuss this quick
No, I 'm not going anywhere, but I want to meet this bride
listen to me, okay?
Her name is TAMMYSINCLAIR and the SINCLAIR hotel has the same name Her father owns all the hotel chains
So if she finds you here I 'm done
Poodle !
I 'm surprised to see you
- oh i miss you - i miss you too
oh this room is not nice
Dad said to book a suite for us
you know what you are right
Why don 't we go to the front desk to change rooms?
- Come on - oh no they 're all pre-ordered
Do they call this a closet?
Where do I put my stuff?
You know what I really want a drink why don 't we go to the bar downstairs
I just want to stay inside
Haven 't opened your luggage yet?
No actually the zipper won 't open well, but someone in the hotel can unzip it
you know i should . . . i should probably drag it downstairs in the lobby
Now?
i 'm horny
me too but i 'll get hornier after i get this box out of the way
poodle?
Where did this diamond watch come from?
oh that . . .
This is your surprise return
I haven 't had time to wrap it up
Do you like it ?
I love it so much!
- I will never take it off again! - Son of a bitch!
Come here baby!
J O H N ?
JOHN where are you? Damn it!
Don 't laugh, I saved a fortune on airfare
- SUSAN I am very . . .
- Shh keep playing
Your rhododendrons are so beautiful
thanks
you should be proud of them
Yeah I 'm glad I can still keep some things well
be patient dear
ANDREW will be back
no i don 't think so
I let him down
I 'm too strict with myself
You are too lax with me
Stop saying what I did is understandable
I am a mother who abandoned her child
This is . . . so abnormal
BREE, it 's not like this, you 're too tired, why don 't you go in?
'Cause there 's a bottle of Chardonnay in the fridge and only these chores can stop me from rushing in and drinking it up at the moment
Oh these rhododendrons are really beautiful
yeah it 's really beautiful
Hi
I 'm very sorry
this is your table
I think I 'll have to buy a new one for TAMMY
You mean her dad will buy her a new one and just pay for it through your hands
I don 't blame you for being angry
Well I should have told you the truth from the start
But when I see you standing in the moonlight reminds me of the time we used to be together
Me too
Do you want to sit down ?
You know it 's hard for people to be mad at you all the time
very good
Because I really don 't want an unhappy end between us
Who says it will end?
what are you saying ?
oh i 'm single now i 'm thinking we might be able to . . .
GABY . . . I 'm getting married
Yeah I got married when we were together
Yeah but that 's not the marriage I want
I think so too but believe my marriage is tough
i know but . . .
I love TAMMY I don 't want to screw this up
'Cause you screw up so much you 're going to end up alone
yeah that 's quite possible
goodbye GABRIELLE
hey sir hmmm . . .
Can you give me a buck or two? I 'm really hungry
Hey thanks so much !
I 'll also give you $50 if you let me buy you lunch
Fried chicken and a big beer
What do I do to be worth so much money?
I told you I just wanted to talk to you
- Are you a reporter again? - No
Are you a pastor? You want to save my soul?
Oh you make that sound like a challenge
no i just want to get to know you ANDREW
Wait how did you know my name?
You 're him, right? You 're um...
that new husband
O R S O N
You know what I won 't talk to her and what makes her think I 'll listen to you?
Your mother didn 't know I was here
ok dad
What dad do you want to talk about?
I want to know how you survive on the outside and what do you do to get money?
I want someone to give
that 's it ?
What do you want to know ?
Have I done anything I despise for money?
yes of course but you already knew that when i asked you what the 50 bucks was for
But uh . . .
don 't tell my mom
Or you know what? Who cares?
I think you kinda want me to tell her because you know how much it hurts her
I mean that 's why you 're out there isn 't it? You want to punish her
When do you want to punish her ANDREW?
When you take drugs to relieve pain or you contract a disease that can no longer be cured?
How about not pretending to care about me?
I really care about you because Bree cares about you because we 're more alike than you think
I understand what rage is
I know how it devoured you but the frenzy is gone
ANDWHENITDOES , when it 's gone you 'll be left with chaos
thank you for lunch
If you pay attention, you know where to find us
How is your back?
It 's fine if you don 't pant
God I 've had back pain for a long time
Then all of a sudden I leaned against a tree stump and cried
you are so stressed
You have a new child at home and you are still looking for a job
Are we going to fight over that again? Because if so
I need those last four muscle relaxants
no i don 't want to fight in fact i was thinking . . .
If you can 't find a job you like in advertising maybe you can find another job
What 's the meaning ?
You 're a wise man Is there nothing else you like to do?
I want to test the game for AEROSMITH company
Okay, let 's put it in the back-up plan
But seriously, do you still have a way to go, some dreams that you haven 't realized yet?
I don 't know maybe
Maybe ?
I didn 't know you were married and had kids . . . all your dreams are gone


Then think about it, okay?
'Cause whatever you want to do, I 'll support you
oh so lucky to marry you
Tell me something I don 't know
Hi Mike
I am Eddie
I 'm sorry I didn 't see you before
Bad luck isn 't it?
Anyway I uh . . . come and get my CD player
so. . .
i hope you get well soon
Damn
This is with the coma
We are all moving forward
Of course it would be a blessing to have someone to help share the burden
But it 's usually easier to throw away the load so we can get home sooner
ASSUMING , OFCOURSE , assuming that of course someone will welcome us back home
Why do people still hold onto luggage even though we 're desperate to look ahead
'Cause we all know there 's an opportunity, maybe we give up too soon
