 - I got him !
 - Take him down !
 - He 's got you , sheldon . - Look at this move !
 He 's completely schooling you .
 Hey , guys , guys , some of the other waitresses wanted me to ask you something .
 It 's called tressling .
 It combines the physical strength of arm wrestling with the mental agility of tetris into the ultimate sport .
 Yeah , that 's terrific , but what they wanted me to ask you is to cut it the hell out .
 Great . Come here , guys .
 Come on .
 Happy birthday to you we might as well stop .
 It 's a stalemate .
 You 're beating me in tetris , but you 've got the upper body strength of a keebler elf . Keebler elf ?
 I 've got your keebler elf right here .

 Okay , it 's a stalemate .
 So , leonard , will we be seeing you on saturday for your free birthday cheesecake ? He can 't eat cheesecake .
 He 's lactose intolerant . Okay , he can have carrot cake .
 What about the cream cheese frosting ?
 He can scrape it off .
 Forget about the cake .
 How do you know that my birthday 's saturday ? I did your horoscope , remember ?
 I was going to do everybody 's , until sheldon went on one of his typical psychotic rants .
 For the record , " that psychotic rant " was a concise summation of the research of bertram forer , who , in 1948 , proved conclusively through meticulously designed experiments that astrology is nothing but pseudo- scientific hokum .
 Blah , blah , blah .
 Typical taurus . So , seriously , are we going to see you saturday ?
 Uh , I don 't think so . Why not ?
 I don 't celebrate my birthday .
 Shut up .
 Yeah , you do .
 It 's no big deal ; it 's just the way I was raised .
 My parents focused on celebrating achievements , and being expelled from a birth canal was not considered one of them .
 That 's so silly .
 Sheldon :
 It 's actually based on very sound theories .
 His mother published a paper on it .
 Well , what was it called ?
 " I hate my son and that 's why he can 't have cake " ?
 Sheldon : It was obviously effective .
 Leonard grew up to be an experimental physicist .
 Perhaps if she 'd also denied him christmas , he 'd be a little better at it .
 Thank you .
 Well , I love birthdays .
 Waking up to mom 's special french toast breakfast , wearing the birthday king crown , playing laser tag with all my friends ...
 Yeah , see ?
 That 's what kids should have . Actually , that was last year .

 So you really never had a birthday party ? No , but it was okay .
 I mean , when I was little ,
 I 'd think maybe my parents would change their mind and surprise me with a party .
 Like this one birthday I came home from my cello lesson and I saw a lot of strange cars parked out front .
 When I got to the door , I could hear people whispering and I could smell german chocolate cake , which is my favorite .
 And ?
 It turns out my grandfather had died .
 Oh , my god .
 That 's terrible . Well , it was kind of like a birthday party .
 I got to see all my cousins , and there was cake , so ...
 That 's the saddest thing I 've ever heard .
 You think ?
 Go ahead , tell her about your senior prom .

 ******** Remember -- no peanuts .
 Howard , every thai restaurant in town knows you can 't eat peanuts .
 When they see me coming , they go , " ah , no- peanut boy ! "

 Hello , penny .
 Leonard just left .
 I know .
 I want to talk to you . What would we talk about ?
 We have no overlapping areas of interest I 'm aware of .
 As you know , I don 't care for chitchat .
 Can you just let me in ?
 Well , all right , but I don 't see this as a promising endeavor .
 Okay , here 's the deal .
 We are going to throw leonard a kick- ass surprise party for his birthday on saturday .
 I hardly think so . Leonard made it very clear he doesn 't want a party .
 Did someone say ... " party " ?

 He just doesn 't know he wants one 'cause he 's never had one .
 I suppose that 's possible , but for the record , I 've never had a threesome and yet I still know I want one .

 Howard , here 's the difference -- the possibility exists that leonard could have a birthday party before hell freezes over .
 Fine . If I do have a threesome , you can 't be part of it .
 I 'm just kidding . Yes , you can .
 Can you bring a friend ?
 I think a birthday party 's a terrible idea .
 I envy leonard for growing up without that anguish . Anguish ?
 Year after year , I had to endure wearing comical hats while being forced into the crowded , sweaty hell of bouncy castles .
 Not to mention being blindfolded and being spun toward a grotesque tailless donkey as the other children mocked my disorientation .

 Okay , sweetie , I understand you have scars that no nonprofessional can heal , but , nevertheless , we 're going to throw leonard a birthday party .
 Have I pointed out that I 'm extremely uncomfortable with dancing ,
 loud music and most other forms of alcohol- induced frivolity ?
 Nevertheless , we 're ... - in addition , I really don 't think that leonard wants ...
 - okay , here 's the deal :
 You either you help me throw leonard a birthday party or , so help me god ,
 I will go in youour droom and unbag all of your most valuable , mint- condition comic books .
 And on one of them -- t u won 'yoknow which -- I 'll draw a tiny happy face in ink .
 You can 't do that .
 If you make a mark in a mint comic book , it 's no longer mint . Sheldon , do you understand the concept of blackmail ?
 Well , of course , I ... oh .
 Yeah , I have an idea .
 Let 's throw leonard a kick- ass birthday party .

 That 's not the secret knock .
 This is the secret knock .

 What difference does it make ?
 The whole point of a secret knock is to establish a non- verbal signal to verify the identity of one 's co- conspirators .
 Penny :
 Is that raj and howard ? Possibly , but unverified .
 Will you just let us in .
 Luckily for you , this is not a nuclear reactor .
 So what 'd you get the birthday boy ?
 Well , raj got him an awesome , limited edition dark knight sculpture based on alex ross 's definitive batman .
 And I got him this amazing autographed copy of the feynman lectures on physics .
 Nice . I got him a sweater .
 Okay , well , he might like that . I 've seen him get chilly .
 Sheldon , I didn 't see your present . That 's because I didn 't bring one .
 - Why not ? - Don 't ask .
 The entire institution of gift- giving makes no sense .
 Too late . Let 's say I go out and I spend $50 on you .
 It 's a laborious activity because I have to imagine what you need , whereas you know what you need .
 Now , I could simplify things -- just give you the $50 directly , and then you could give me $50 on my birthday , and so on , until one of us dies , leaving the other one old and $50 richer .

 And I ask you , is it worth it ?
 Told you not to ask . Well , sheldon , you 're his friend .
 Friends give each other presents .
 I accept your premise ; I reject your conclusion .
 Try telling him it 's a non- optional social convention .
 - What ? - Just do it .
 It 's a non- optional ... social convention .
 Fair enough .
 He came with a manual .
 Question -- how am I going to get leonard a present before the party ?
 I don 't drive and the only things available within walking distaenc are a thai restaurant and a gas station .
 I suppose I could wrap up an order of mee krob and a coup e of ttery scratchers .
 Okay let 's do this -- I will drive sheldon to get a present .
 And howard , you need to get rid of leonard for about two hours . No problem .
 And then , raj , you bring the stuff across the hall and start setting up .
 What if guests show up ?
 Entertain them .
 What if they 're women ?
 Stare at them and make them feel uncomfortable .

 - How 's it goin ' ?
 - Fine .
 So listen , the nuart is showing the revised , definitive cut of blade runner .
 Seen it . No , you 've seen the 25th anniversary final cut .

 This one has eight seconds of previously unseen footage .
 They say it completely changes the tone of the film .
 Pass . Come on .
 Afterwards , there 's a q & a with harrison ford 's body double .
 Look , I 'm in the halo bale of my life here .
 There 's this kid in copenhagen -- he has no immune system , so all he does is sit in his bubble and play halo 24- seven .
 Can 't you play him some other time ? Not if you believe his doctors .

 Oh , my god , do you smell gas ?
 - No . - Yeah , no .

 You know , they have dvds over there .
 Yes , but they have rndvd buers over here .
 Leonard needs a dvd burner .
 Sheldon , a gift shouldn 't be something someone needs , it should be something fun .
 You know , something they wouldn 't buy for themself . You mean like a sweater ?

 It 's a fun sweater .
 It 's got a bold geometric print .
 - Is it the geometry that makes it fun ? - Okay ...
 The point is one of the ways we show we care about people is by putting thought and imagination into the gifts we give them .
 Okay , I see . So , not a dvd burner .
 Exactly . Something he wouldn 't buy for himself . Something fun .
 Something like ... an 802- 11n wireless router !

 Here you go , copenhagen boy .
 How about a taste of hans christian hand grenade ?
 Oh , that could not feel good .
 Come on , come ... oh , you clever ...

 Come on .
 Come on .
 Take that !
 - What 's the matter ?
 - This granola bar , it has peanuts in it !
 Oh , my god .
 Why did you eat it ? I don 't know . It was just there !
 If I had a gun there , would you have shot yourself ?
 Don 't yell at me ! I 've got to go to the emergency room ! Now ?
 No , after my tongue has swollen to the size of a brisket !
 All right , uh , just let me get my keys .
 Oh , god , oh , god , oh , god !
 The laundry is out of the hamper .
 Okay , sheldon , what was it supposed to be ?
 Fine . It 's out of the washer !
 I 'll call you when it 's in the dryer .
 All right , let 's go .

 What do you think ?
 Um , that one .
 - Because of the two additional ethernet ports ?
 - Sure .
 He doesn 't need them . He 's already got a six- port ethernet switch .
 - Oh , okay , then this one .
 - Why ?
 I don 't know . The man on the box looks so happy .
 Penny , if I 'm going to buy leonard a gift , I 'm going to do it right .
 I refuse to let him experience the same childhood trauma I did .
 I know I 'm gonna regret this , but : What trauma ?
 On my 12th birthday , I really wanted a titanium centrifuge so , you know , I could separate radioactive isotopes .
 Of course .
 Instead of a titanium centrifuge , my parents bought me ...
 Wow , this is hard .
 They got me a motorized dirt bike .

 No ! What 12- year- old boy wants a motorized dirt bike ?
 All of them ?
 - Really ? - Yeah .
 Okay , so we 're getting this one ?
 - Yeah , I suppose . - All right , let 's go .
 Exexse me .
 Do you know anything about this stuff ?
 I know everything about this stuff .
 Woman :
 Okay , I have my own wholesale flower business and I want to hook up my computer in the front entrance with the one in my refrigerated warehouse .
 Here , buy this one : Look , it 's the one we 're getting .
 See ? Happy guy . No , no , no , she doesn 't want that .
 She needs a point- to- point peer network with a range extender .
 Thank you .
 Which hard drive do I want -- firewire or usb ?
 It depends on what buss you have available .

 I drive a chevy cavalier .
 Oh , dear lord .
 - Sheldon , we have to go . - Not now , penny . This poor man needs me .
 You , hold on .
 I 'll be right with you .
 What computer do you have ? And please don 't say " a white one . "


 Excuse me .
 Fill this out .
 Have a seat .
 No , listen .
 See , we 're throwing my friend a surprise party and I 'm supposed to keep him out of his apartment for two hours .
 Fill this out and have a seat .
 No , see , the only way I could gehit m to leave was to tell him I ate a peanut because I 'm allergic to peanuts .
 Well , in that case , fill this out and have a seat .
 Look , all I need from you is to take me in the back and give me a band- aid so I can pretend I had a shot of epinephrine , and then you tell my friend you need to keep me under observation for about an hour , hour and a half .
 - Is that all you need ? - Yes .
 Get out of my er . No , you don 't understand .
 Oh , I understand , but unfortunately , this hospital is not equipped to treat stupid .

 Okay , I get it . I know how the world works .
 How about if I were to introduce to you to the man who freed your people ?

 Unless my people were freed by benjamin franklin and his five twin brothers , you are wasting your time .
 Hey , sorry , I couldn 't find a parking spot . How are you doing ? Bad , very bad .
 Really ?
 You don 't look like you 're swelling up at all . Maybe we should just pick up some benadryl at the drugstore and go home .
 - We can 't go home .
 - Why not ?
 Because ... Because ...
 Brisket !
 Brisket ! Water !
 Need water !
 I 'll be right back .

 Penny , listen , I 've got a problem .
 Yeah , well , so do I. Look , you gotta stall leonard a little longer .
 I don 't think I can .
 You have to . We all have to be there at the same time to yell surprise .
 Okay , you have to understand something .
 We 're in a hospital right now .
 Why ? Is leonard okay ? Leonard 's fine .
 I 'm fine .
 Thanks for asking , by the way .
 Okay , I don 't need your attitude .
 Listen , just hold him there a little longer .
 Look , I 've done my best , but he wants to go home and I don 't know how to stop him .
 Okay , how about this ?
 You keep himhere a little longer , and when you get to the party , I 'll point out which of my friends are easy ?



 Don 't toy with me , woman .
 I got a hot former fat girl with no self- esteem ,
 I got a girl who punishes her father by sleeping around and alcoholic who 's two tequila shots away from letting you wear her like a hat .

 Thy will be done .

 I 'm doing this for you , little buddy .

 Okay , we don 't have that in stock ...
 But I can special- order it for you . Him .
 Excuse me , sir . You don 't work here .
 Yes , well , apparently , neither does anyone else .
 - Eldon , we have to go .
 - Why ?
 Well , for one thing , we 're late for leonard 's birthday party , and for another , I told him to call security .
 Good luck .
 By the way , a six- year- old could hack your computer system .
 Keep walking .
 " 1234 " is not a secure password .
 Excuse me -- my friend is having an allergic reaction to peanuts .
 - No , he 's not .
 - Yes , he is .
 Look , sir , we are very busy here , and I ...
 Holy crap !
 Please help me !
 Code four ! I need a gurney !
 - Right away ! Right away ! - Thank you .

 Say what you will about the healthcare system in this country , but when they 're afraid of lawsuits , *********
 I really don 't think the colonoscopy was necessary .
 You know , before you got all swollen up ,
 I actually thought you were trying to keep me out of the apartment so you could throw me a surprise party .
 Oh , right , it 's your birthday . I had no idea it was your birthday .
 I completely forgot . Wow , what a lousy way to spend a birthday .
 Well , it 's all over now .

 There is a party , isn 't there ?
 Maybe .
 Howard ? Are you mad ?
 How could I be mad ?
 You actually risked your life because you care about me .
 Yeah , that 's why I did it . All right .
 Here we go .
 My first birthday party . * I see your true colors *
 * and that 's why I love you . *
 Dude , everybody left an hour ago .
 Surprise !
 ******* I am on your birthday party .
 I don 't know where you are , dude , but it 's really kick- ass ! Everyone is very , very drunk and ...
 Oh , and look , there 's a girl taking her shirt off !
 That 's my friend carol .
 Remind me -- I gotta introduce her to howard .
 Oh , sweet krishna , shake that rupee maker !
 I 'm so sorry you didn 't get your party .
 Oh , it 's okay .
 Well , happy birthday , anyways .

 Hey , penny , wh- wh- when 's your birthday ?


