0 0 : 0 0 : 0 3 , 0 9 0 - - &gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 0 4 , 6 9 0 It feels like we came here for a maternity check on Harley not too long ago.
Original translation with bilingual subtitles
Please visit www . YY e T s . com to download the latest serial overseas film and television dramas. For exchange and study only, commercial profit is prohibited
Because it doesn 't take long
Thanks for reminding me before we go
tie you up first
I really have a heart, but today you are the protagonist
Are you two ready to know the gender of your child?
- Yes of course
Does Harley want a brother or a sister?
She 's only nine months old and she 's only interested in music or things in my bra
What about you two?
When we had our first we wanted a girl but this time we can do it
Yes, boys and girls as long as they are healthy
is a boy


No, you are not really disappointed, are you?
I can 't be a man myself.
Do you still have to teach others?
As the saying goes, 'If you are incapable, teach others'
Don 't you want a kid 's version of Howard?
I already have a kid 's version of Howard
I have a son now
I have to teach him all kinds of sports and take him to sports and then . . . and then . . . and then . . .
He can 't think of any other man 's business. He 's in trouble.
It 's okay, we 'll help you
Yes, this kid will have many great role models
I 'm pretty sure Bernadette can 't teach him anything
Penny can teach
She can pee in a bottle
As long as the bottle mouth is bigger than a coin
Andy, you have a lot to teach our children.
Yes, for example, you can always choose the most suitable acid suppressant
I don 't know if this can be passed down
It 's my innate talent
Cheer up, you can still build things
you were an astronaut
It 's
I used to ride a model rocket when I was a kid
I guess it would be good to go with my son.
The rocket model is finally interesting.
How would you prefer to recover rockets?
Sheldon is helping our friends now
Then we talked about the rocket model, right?
Although the journey is boring, the emperor pays off
Translating the Dead Pesticide Sai Taigong - Did you help him come up with a name - Amy
We finally got to talk about rocket models
Why are you turning the subject back
Translation of the king of cats and cats
In the later period, Huihui is the director of the mushroom Liang 's timeline.
live
Big
burst
fry
Season 11, Episode 4
where are you going
Go back to the dry cleaner and see this
They didn 't wash my starfleet uniform
If you didn 't let me paint green paint all day and wear it to bed with you, you wouldn 't have to take it to dry cleaning often
It 's okay to wait, it 's your mother calling
Too bad she missed me

Hi Beverly
Hi Penny
Leonard just left
He needs to know he 'll be sad to miss your call
why would
because of him. . .
I do not know either
how are you doing
Do you mean personal or professional
personal aspect
Like what did you do last night
I went to a guy 's house and had Cuban food and sex with him wasn 't very satisfying
All right
The answer to your next question according to my fingers is roast pork with sideways missionary
Of course it 's not surprising, after all, you 're very full
I haven 't seen this stuff in years
Had
I have it too
My garage burned down on it
I had three model rockets when I was a kid and they were the three biggest space programs in India
Do you actually have a model of the Saturn V rocket?
Yeah my dad bought it for me before he . . . abandoned his wife and children, you know

you are so happy
Never wanted to take it apart without him
so stupid
Not stupid at all
I 've always wanted my dad to do model rockets with me, but he 's not interested
yeah disappointing fathers
not what
I still remember my dad bought me a Benz for my 16th birthday
It 's just a small entry-level Mercedes-Benz
As soon as he gave me the car keys on the front foot, he had to rush to work on the back foot.
I never saw him again . . . he didn 't come back until late that night
Closer to home, although I 'm still resentful about his departure, I 'm probably because I 've used these models
just became an engineer
I think my dad used his own method to encourage me to pursue science
Like he taught me that farts are flammable
And polyester gym shorts that won 't burn
but will melt
Yeah I thought I 'd be an astrophysicist because as a kid I said I wanted to see the stars so my dad sent me to Hawaii to see the Keck telescope
The Keck Telescope at the Keck Observatory in Hawaii is the second largest optical/near-infrared telescope in the world
Go to your brother 's pain, you don 't understand
Actually, forget those past events.
How about we two build this model rocket together?
It feels like a chance for the two of us to really connect
Right
I understand
you think it 's a good thing
So you don 't want to play with Sheldon and Howard?
They got along because of their poor childhood and my stinky parents were there to support me since I was a kid
what are these
I 'm packing up the clothes that don 't fit in the Harley
I guess it won 't be used anymore
don 't worry
Some boys can also wear it.
daddy 's little girl
ok but if we change him to . . .
Daddy 's Little Girl Killer
You can wear it when you look at the handsome guy
what about this one?
All right
Remove the skirt part and add a lightning symbol on the chest to become the Flash baby
Extended sleeves at the bottom
You look like baby Sheldon
are you good
please
It 's not the first time I 've changed a girl 's outfit to a boy 's outfit.
Why did you wear your sister 's second-hand clothes when you were young?
Just be it
I should have brought some peanuts
You can 't eat peanuts and you 'll be allergic
Who will drive me home if you die?
I won 't eat it. This is what the Jet Propulsion Laboratory does. A NASA agency that develops and manages unmanned space exploration missions.
When the Prowler finally launched successfully
In the 1960s, the United States launched 9 unmanned space missions with only 5 successes
There are peanuts in the control center
Peanuts on every launch since then
Sounds like an idiot feudal superstition
should be traditional
I like traditional
Can you pull over for the next peanut shop?
If there is no such shop, why can 't my brain turn around?
Any nut store will do.

There shouldn 't be any peanuts around here.
Well then today is ruined
Now that I think about it, it should be just superstition, that 's dangerous.


Beverly, you 're calling my phone, not Leonard 's.
Actually, I just wanted to chat with you. Is it convenient now?
see the situation
What time is it on your side, it 's just past 5 o 'clock in the afternoon

Well that counts as Western culture thinks that before 5pm is work time and it 's not okay to drink alcohol
I really enjoyed our conversation the other day
Hope can continue really?
Really you might be surprised
But actually I don 't have a lot of what you call 'girlfriends'
No, of course there are some female colleagues
But they 're both Freudian, so the only men I can complain to are my father 's Electra, which Freud came up with
Okay, I 'll be with you anytime
what do you want to talk about
Last time we mainly talked about my life
If we 're going to be real girlfriends, we should also talk about your life
If we 're going to be real best friends, we should find another girl to join in to speak ill of her behind her back.
Then we 're the sinister sisters, meow
I like
how about sheldon 's fiancée
She seems rather dead
Is it lifeless? Poison meow?
All right
bring it on
ready to launch nineteen
Wait, what are you doing? You should say 'Countdown to launch'
I was an astronaut and our term was 'ready to launch'
But this model is a countdown when Saturn V launched this rocket.
This is my rocket doing what I say

All right
I 'm not saying I know why your father left, but I seem to understand
ready to launch nineteen eight seven six
Because you 're a domineering 54321
I remember they could fly higher
This is just great
The only thing I thought I could do with my son I couldn 't do well
I made a video if you want to watch it again
Looks cool in slow motion
Thanks for your support
- You 're welcome - I 'm saying the opposite
you are so bold
Sheldon what should I do
I don 't know how to raise a boy
Do you know how to raise a girl
omg you 're right
I don 't know if that 's sarcasm
So either you 're welcome or you hate Leonard you 're not really texting from the couch
Tell me to put more mustard on your sandwich
I 'm also worried that you might not be looking at your phone. I swear I 'll throw the sandwich away

I didn 't post this
wait it 's your mom
Did my mom text you?
Yeah, we talk a lot lately
why
Tired of the bad queen talking to the magic mirror on the wall?
No, I think she 's lonely
She 's been talking to me a lot lately
ok be careful
You thought you were closer to her, but the next moment you were written into the book
The book is titled 'He Did It On Purpose: Raising a Bed-Wetting Teen'
it 's not like that
She 's been sharing her life a lot lately and giving me a lot of support
- really - yeah
I told her about my job and she said she was proud of me
very nice
She never said she was proud of me
Even if I haven 't wet the bed for a whole month
Don 't you want me to be friends with your mom
let 's speak clearly
I married you to hurt her
The fun is going to be ruined by you now
The 13th reason to be happy was a failure as a launch but magnificent as a blast
14 Reasons You Still Have Ten Fingers Boys Like Daddy With Fingers
Thank you for your efforts but you can 't make me happy
How about this trick
Stop giggling or I 'll hit you 'chicken' young man
what
My father used to comfort me with these words
does it help
I 'm a dragon and a phoenix now
what do you say
Let 's go
Are you so mourned on the way home?
I don 't know if it 's possible
Does that super-difficult trigonometry puzzle cheer you up?
If you can 't even answer this, you certainly can 't solve it either.
what do you think
Although it 's a boy, you don 't have to sew a genital pattern on his clothes, right?
That 's a baseball bat and two little baseballs.
Now I see it
I can understand why
Howard is nervous about the birth of his son, but are you really unhappy?
I 'm actually fine
It 's just that I grew up with brothers, so I think it 's good that Harley has a sister
Is this idea wrong?
Of course wrong
You don 't know what kind of person this boy will grow into
Maybe he 'll be rude, maybe he 'll be gentle and sensitive, maybe he 'll be a combination of all of the above just like me
Are you rude and reckless?
Come and try it, bitch
But I 'm also sensitive and I take back what I said - hi - ok


have time

yes what 's wrong
Penny has been chatting with my mom lately
Makes me panic like the best best friend
All right
I 'm sure they 're not the best of friends
Because everyone can only have one best girlfriend
Penny 's famous flower has an owner, that 's me
Is that so she 's on video with you?
Because she 's making a video with my mom right now, and my mom 's face should be hard to watch.

I 've been really busy lately
Maybe I neglected to take care of this friendship
Penny knows my mom and I have a complicated relationship, but she doesn 't care.
Lots of work in the lab plus wedding planning
I have so little free time
Penny didn 't know how good my mom was at playing around with applause
Do you know the so-called triple reverse psychology in the world?
because . . . there really is
She must feel left out
She 's so used to me being around her but I 've got my own life now and she 's got to get used to it
Why is my mom proud of Penny and not me
The most important question is why Penny is reluctant to accept the fact that I grew up
I also have something I 'm good at
I need a life of my own
ok thank you
have a nice chat
Emotionally distracted people are garbage drivers, study proves
What about people who are distracted by annoying passengers?
It 's hard to experiment because annoying is a subjective quality
strongly disagree
can you let me drive
you can 't drive
you don 't even have a driver 's license
I actually have
really? when?
3 years ago
I 've been obsessed with getting a license for a while
I 'm still a professional fisherman
Then why don 't you ever drive your own car?
To be honest, I passed the exam with low marks.
And the only time I 'm driving alone
Turned my head, started getting motion sickness, vomited all over my body, and finally walked home
do you really want to drive
It feels like a good time
The road is straight, there are no cars coming, you don 't seem to care much about your life
Alive Sheldon I definitely want to live
It 's a bit difficult to do this, but I 'll try my best. . . .

oh hello leonard
hello mom how are you doing
- fine, how about you - me too
ok nice to chat with you
wait a minute we need to talk
my God
I wonder why you 're not proud of me
Shouldn 't the real question be
'Why aren 't you proud of yourself?'
No, that 's also a question I 've asked many times, but for now, let me answer my question first.
Why do you think I 'm not proud of you
Because you never said
But you talked to Penny for two days and you always raved about her
she 's really good
Honestly out of all my daughter-in-law and son-in-law she is the most impressive to me
Really
real
She 's confident and considerate and never complains about you
I know how much courage it takes
So what do you admire most about Penny?
i think she is
You married a good girl Leonard and I 'm proud of you
I . . . I don 't know. . . what to say
I 'm also proud of your efforts not to cry
thanks
do you want to end the video
I can 't hold back the tears
your hands at 10 and 2 o 'clock
Well, hold the accelerator firmly
good
Now you can slowly change lanes
why
'Cause there 's only two lanes on the road now and you 're not on either
well done perfect
thanks
Last time I drove I was half scared to death it was a lot of fun driving today
you drive well
you are also a good teacher
Your son must be lucky to have a father like you
Thank you
do you think i can drive faster
Do it if you want, little champion
it hurts
Feel sorry
Squeeze the accelerator lightly and . . .
Step more, step more
What was I afraid of before this was so exciting
Stimulate the big guy to slow down
Don 't point fingers at me, you 're not my dad
do you know how fast you drive
180 km/h
give me my driver 's license
- listen my plan is . . . - shut up

All right
for you
Forget it, keep your driver 's license.
