












0 0 : 0 0 : 4 2 , 5 8 4 - - &gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 4 4 , 0 4 4
‎ I 'll be rude to you
‎ Clean it up




















‎ hey
‎ I have something to tell him, if he 's still interested



‎ NETFLIX ORIGINAL SERIES‎ What 's so funny?
‎ ( 'Brothers Fried Chicken Restaurant Explosion Was Arson')

‎ - you won 't understand‎ - ok
‎ Okay, listen to what you 're going to do
‎ Take Route 25 South to Las Cruz‎ and from there on Route 10 West
‎ Hey, write it down, the route is hard to remember
‎ Route 10 West on Las Cruz
‎ Not long after you pass Deming‎ you will see an interstate, 1 4 6
‎ Follow signs to Antrop Wells‎ Find the 2 2 3 mile marker
‎ Then take the dirt road next to it and drive 50 kilometers south
‎ - 50km on a dirt road? ‎ - Deserts are sparsely populated, get it? ‎ 5 0 . 8 kilometers to be exact
‎ So you remember to keep an eye on the subtotal mileage meter on the mileage accumulator
‎ Anyway, when you get there, you 'll see a well
‎ That well is old and abandoned‎ What does that well look like? ‎ It 's like a well, there 's only one well
‎ - Can you see it from the road? ‎ - you 'll see it, don 't worry
‎ My two cousins ​​will meet you there at 9am with money
‎ - you will like them, they are good kids‎ - for sure

‎ hey, I have an idea‎ why not let you two cousins
‎ How about sending the money directly?
‎ Eliminate intermediate links
‎ I understand, but the problem is
‎ This has to be done in a low-key way, you know?
‎ Some people, my competitors‎ they want me to stay in jail
‎ So, if my two cousins ​​came over‎ they would have noticed
‎ Isn 't there Nachuwalga? ‎ Will your competitors notice him?
‎He looks like a smart guy‎ You mean Inacio?
‎ Yes, of course, he is very good at a lot of things
‎ But seven million dollars?
‎ That kid might see the money and then run away without a trace, you know?
‎ Hey, you 're the best person to do this‎ You 're a nobody
‎Don 't take this to heart‎ but no one will look at you
‎ Yes, of course

‎ Hey, listen, maybe it 's not your thing‎ It 's okay, I understand

‎ You are only good at handling legal matters‎

‎ Thanks, this . . . I appreciate it
‎ it doesn 't matter
‎ I will find someone else to get the money
‎ Well, it looks like there 's nothing else to do today
‎ It seems yes
‎ good
‎ I 'll . . . I 'll smash the notes‎ By the way. . .
‎ If you still need anything‎ Any legal services. . . .
‎ ok . . . i have your phone number, bye
‎ This broken bag


‎ How about one hundred thousand?



‎ Dollars?

‎ - yes‎ - that 's a lot of money
‎ To help you get your $7 million back? ‎ And I 'm the best person to do it? ‎ Actually less than 2% commission, I think it 's fine



‎ $100,000 for an errand in the desert?

‎ This is my asking price

‎ deal

‎ hey, I 'm back
‎ Great, I 'll be right out


‎ Do you take a shower at night?
‎ Yes, I have to go out early tomorrow to run errands


‎ Hey, I hope you 're hungry, I 'm in French
‎ - Did you cook? ‎ - Yes, why not?
‎ I bought some New Yorker steaks on my way home from get off work
‎ The meat has been marinated for hours in a secret sauce of herbs and spices‎
‎ - Is it? ‎ - yes
‎ I like to call it 'Classic El Paso' ‎ Secret Seasoning
‎ sounds exotic‎ sure will be delicious, just wait and see

‎ I . . . I have something to tell you about my business


‎ Are you a friend of a drug cartel? Is this the thing?
‎ not exactly
‎ Maybe

‎ You applied for bail for him?
‎ Some evidence came and I had to use
‎ After all, I have to think about the client
‎ When you said you couldn 't do it, I knew you 'd find another way
‎ This thing is complicated
‎ Remember you took a public interest defense case
‎A kid caught smoking marijuana‎ and kicked out of the house by his parents?
‎ I remember‎ you had to drive all the way to his uncle 's house, like in Moriarty
‎ On bail? actually. . .
‎Wait a minute, what? You mean‎ you 're going to get bail in Salamanca?
‎ Yes, but it 's a little further away than Moriarty‎ and the bail amount is slightly higher
‎ - How much? ‎ - Seven Numbers
‎ - Seven thousand? ‎ - seven million
‎ - Seven million? ‎ - yes
‎ Are you going to get seven million in drug money?
‎ I know what you 're thinking, but it 's safe to do so‎ and it won 't go wrong
‎ - I 'll drive to the border to get some money and come back ‎ - The border?
‎ Jimmy, you are a lawyer, not a middleman
‎ No matter how much money they give you, you can 't go
‎ - Can 't his people go and withdraw money? ‎ - He believes me
‎ I 'm his lawyer, that 's all
‎ You 're making a fuss
‎ - what? ‎ - I 'll just go and get some money in the morning
‎ and get home earlier than you
‎ Well, then I 'll go with you
‎ They 're just waiting for me, I 'm alone, you know?
‎ That 's why they let me go‎ Hidden security, you know
‎ - Jimmy, you 're crazy, I . . . ‎ - No, listen, it can only be me
‎ Drive my little broken Suzuki pride
‎ Never in the history of this car has more than $50 in cash in it
‎ So no one will give me a second look
‎ You sound like you are fooling yourself
‎ I 'll be fine, I swear
‎ As soon as I smell a tinge of danger‎ I 'll drive away
‎ I don 't like you like this
‎ I don 't want you to go


‎ Kim, listen
‎ I swear it 'll be alright, okay? I 'll be fine








‎ (and the second best lawyer in the world)














‎ Law . . . Lawyer
‎ I was sent by Lalo‎ Eduardo asked me to come and get the money





‎ I 'll send the money to Lalo
‎ Did you just . . . just walk away?

‎ no problem

‎ okay






‎ Seven million dollars in cash in the trunk
‎ Seven million dollar bills
‎ I pulled one out and I want to open it ‎ There are 6.99 million left. . . ‎ The signal is terrible
‎ 6,999,900
‎ Ninety-nine dollar bills in the trunk‎ Pull out one and pray for good luck‎ 6,999,009. . .
‎ Nine thousand nine hundred and ninety-nine. . .
‎ you go first


‎ it sucks . . .
‎ it 's over
‎ Well, no problem
‎ I will go out slowly





‎ I seem to. . . I seem to know what you guys want to do‎ It 's all in the trunk
‎ Yes, good, take it all










‎ What? Don 't . . . he didn 't mean that‎ no, you got it wrong, you really . . .

‎ Don 't!






















































‎ Have you been shot?
‎ - Get shot? ‎ - Did you get shot?

‎ get up
‎ You got shot? ‎ Looks like you 're freaking out
‎ You sit here and take it slow













‎ hey
‎ You 're still alive, don 't think about anything else

‎ you 'll be fine





‎ Get out of the car, the alternator is shot
‎ Really



‎ Okay, you gotta make it hard to suckle
‎ Push hard!



‎Wait! etc. . .

‎ what happened ?
‎ Where did you go?













‎ You knew this was going to happen?
‎ If I knew, I would definitely bring a few more people
‎ Send the money where it 's supposed to go, follow me
‎ But the way back has to go in that direction
‎ They drove off alone
‎ just ran along this road
‎ We can 't go this way












‎ What a big mistake . . .
‎ Discontinued . . .
‎ Thousand dollar bills, what a big mistake
‎ Otherwise it wouldn 't be so heavy

‎ hey
‎ Why don 't we take turns carrying the money?
‎ So that we can both maintain our strength?
‎ okay

‎ - I have an idea, let 's dig a hole‎ - dig a hole?
‎ Yes, we go out and find someone 's place‎ and then drive back to get it
‎ You have to find a way to improve efficiency‎ You will definitely not find it by then
‎ I can, because I write down landmarks
‎ Like this tree? You can 't go wrong. That mountain is also very characteristic.
‎ it looks like a mountain
‎ Yes, this tree is not at all like the trees we passed when we came from the other side of the mountain
‎ I will remember, I will definitely find this tree



‎ The soil here is very hard
‎ If you can dig a hole where you can hide these two bags of money
‎ Maybe you still have the strength to dig a hole for yourself

‎ Okay, this doesn 't work
‎ You are wasting your energy
‎ for sure



‎ It works


‎ stop digging

‎ Put away the license plate or they will see it
‎ You put away everything that reflects sunlight
‎ - Is that him? ‎ - Yes‎ Looks like they are doing a grid search

‎ What does this mean?
‎ Saying they found your car











‎ I 'll save on drinking



‎ Hey, how did you start camping?
‎Shouldn 't we keep going? cooler at night
‎ If you walk in the dark, you 'll step into a groundhog hole and break your leg






‎ Hey, we should be halfway there, right?
‎ almost
‎ ' almost '






‎ I should have been home a few hours ago ‎ She must be dying now
‎ She will only think that you are looking for flowers and willows outside
‎ no, no
‎ She must have thought I was chopped into bolognese‎ and thrown in the ditch
‎ How could she think that?

‎ You mean she knows what you are doing?
‎ She doesn 't know the details
‎ All she knew was that I came to the border to get money, that 's all
‎ - You told your girlfriend what you were doing? ‎ - is my wife
‎ - Wife? ‎ - right, wife
‎ congratulations
‎ What do you think your wife will do if she finds out about it?
‎ - Call the police? ‎ - no
‎ No? It 's normal for people to call the police when they 're scared
‎ No, she won 't call the police
‎ Maybe her mother will, the girls in the book club
‎ She would call her boss‎ and tell her about her husband 's disappearance
‎ No, she wouldn 't do that, okay? ‎ She knows
‎ She 's just scared, that 's all

‎ I hope you are right

‎ she got it
‎ Then she 's on board too
‎ What? No, she didn 't get on the boat, okay? ‎ She didn 't even touch the side of the boat
‎ I just told her the truth‎ A little bit of the truth, that 's all


‎ - she didn 't get on board‎ - ok







‎ I can 't make a fire, the person looking for us may not be gone





‎ I have two, do you want?
‎ No, thanks
‎ - the temperature drops quickly‎ - I don 't have to, thanks
‎ Then do what you want






‎ - Madam, use me . . . ‎ - Okay, please




‎ thank you

‎ I know I shouldn 't pretend to be your lawyer
‎ I apologize for this
‎ If it wasn 't for an emergency, I wouldn 't come here
‎ I know who you are, who you really are
‎ We have something in common
‎ You want to know where the money is ‎ I want to know where Saul Goodman is
‎ If you could tell me where you sent him‎ I 'm sure I wouldn 't call the police and I wouldn 't tell anyone
‎ I 'll find him and bring you the money back





‎ Mr Salamanca . . .
‎ Who are you? How dare he tell you about me
‎ He did not betray your trust
‎ We are husband and wife‎ which means I have spousal privilege
‎ No matter what he says to me‎ he will stop when he comes to me
‎ No one has the right to speak to me, this privilege‎ is as secure as the attorney-client privilege
‎ So you are his wife?
‎ yes


‎ you are his wife, you love him
‎ He didn 't come home last night
‎ You 're so frightened, then come to me
‎Why didn 't you think about it‎ Maybe he ran away with my money?
‎He didn 't run away with your money‎ Well, maybe not‎ He certainly wouldn 't run without you
‎ tell me where you sent him‎ I just need to know the location
‎ I can 't tell you
‎ You man, he . . . ‎ he likes to dance the kuracha, you know?
‎ Always survive
‎ If he 's in trouble, give him a day ‎ If he 's not dead, he 'll come back
‎ If he 's already . . . ‎ it wouldn 't hurt to wait another day, right?
‎ Alright, nice to meet Mrs. Goodman

‎ Hold on, Mr. Salamanca . . .
‎ We 're done talking!










‎ Hey, if only I wouldn 't waste that thing
‎ What to waste?
‎ There is not enough water in my jug for the two of us to drink



‎ (Davis &amp; Mayne)







‎ let me drink more
‎ - No‎ - Let me drink more
‎ No, you still want to drink . . .


‎ OK
‎ Get up, let 's go



‎Wait a minute, I have an idea




‎ - That doesn 't work‎ ​​- It definitely works










‎ Do you want to pick it up?
‎ What to pick up?


‎ get it
‎ bad





‎ Hey, damn it!




‎ Okay, I 've had enough
‎ I 've had enough!
‎ I 've had enough!
‎ keep your voice down
‎ What 's wrong? Whether I whisper or loudly, I 'll die in the desert anyway
‎ It is better to die early than to live early

‎ - get up‎ - don 't
‎ I 'm not leaving
‎ I 've had enough
‎ I 'm in pain
‎ God, I 'm so thirsty
‎ you gotta have something to drink
‎ What 's the point? So they can find a mummy with a mouth full of piss?
‎ No, get up

‎ OK



‎ God, I can 't afford it, you are . . .
‎ How do you still have the strength to walk?
‎ Because I know why I 'm here, that 's why
‎ I know what I 'm doing
‎ And I can 't bring the money back on my own
‎ So you . . . you get up, hurry up
‎ What 's the point? What 's the use of doing this?
‎ I have family
‎ My family is still waiting for me
‎ They don 't know what I do‎ They will never know
‎ they 're safe ‎ but I 'm doing this to make life better for them
‎ I have already put my life and death aside
‎ But as long as they 're doing well, I 'll do anything
‎ So when I die‎ I will know that I did my part for their well-being
‎ Didn 't you ask me why I still have the strength to go on?
‎ Here 's why


‎ You get down, he 's back



‎ don 't get up
‎ We have to wait for him to come












‎ Hey, get your dick ready




‎ come on, asshole
‎ Don 't you want the seven million? ‎ Come on, I 'm like an idiot
‎ Here to go!




‎ Come and taste the power of Lao Tzu, idiot

‎ You son of a bitch, look at me!


‎ Yes, come here





‎ come on, come on



















