who can help me
How can an archaeologist use a whip like that?
Maybe he went to the adult bookstore for a good lesson
That 's how I learned
Can 't believe you haven 't seen the first Indiana Jones movie
( Bestselling women 's book Julia Roberts new film )
I can 't believe you haven 't read 'FOOD PRAYER LOVE'
If the title of the book is Rice・Pray・Hide from the boulders, I will read it
I don 't care if 'Food・Pray・Love' has changed your life I don 't want to see it
You know what I can throw hats like that
That is the masterpiece of the famous Hollywood costume designer Deborah Naadoolman
She also designed the iconic red and black jacket in Michael Jackson 's 'Thriller' which I never saw all because I found out that the zombies in it were deliberately arranged to dance in sync.
Also because that 's scary
Please someone close the S heldon comment channel
I don 't have a switch, you can only listen and learn
P enny if you think it looks good, you should go to the Cologne Theater with us on Friday to see the movie version
Why am I watching it again on Friday?
Because the version that aired on Friday contained 21 second clips that weren 't aired before.
There are 21 seconds? That 's literally a new movie!
Indeed it is said that the submarine dispute is finally resolved
L e o n a r d ?
I 'm not good at it, but I think what P enny just said was sarcasm
oh! so good
2 6 times this month I guessed 8 times
Well, I 'm not going. Enjoy the extra 21 seconds.
I bet we could still be a couple if I could make you understand how much fun this is
uh no impossible
I think '21 seconds' also has something to do with your breakup
- = Eden Subtitle Station http: / / ytet . org / = - Honorary Production
Season 4, Episode 8
Can I explain that movie tickets are bought on a first-come, first-served basis?
Relax, it 's only five o 'clock and the movie doesn 't start until midnight
There is also a saying that 'the movie started in the middle of the night and it 's five o 'clock'
Let 's go
If we miss it, we 'll be listening to S heldon for the rest of our lives
did you see ?
Howard support me
Actually, I don 't have me, that 's sarcasm
Heck it 's 8 out of 2 7 now
Don 't worry about S heldon, we can catch up
Turns out the guy who lined up with me for 14 hours to watch the midnight show of 'Star Trek: Nemesis'
Where is Leonard H ofstadteri?
oh so he queued for 14 hours
You slept on the recliner for 14 hours and he got into a fight with a Klingon when he ran out to pee and you didn 't wake up to support him
But the worst thing is that he has seen that movie
So how is our position?
- good- that 's over
A my Do you agree that we should queue up now?
as a new member of your small group
I think it 's more acceptable to support your friends occasionally and arbitrarily
Smart
Leonard, you 're right
And at the risk of getting a bad seat, the premise is that you can get in.
Thank you A my
see it useful
- knock on the door- who is it?
- Olive ( O live ) - I love you too ( homonym IL ove You You )
dude this is so corny
- knock on the door- who is it?
I have a girlfriend you don 't
That 's interesting! Wait, we don 't know yet. He didn 't finish.
Who is 'I have a girlfriend, you don 't'?
So . . . are you sure you 're not going to see Raiders of the Lost Ark with us?
No, there are a lot of melted faces in the movie
This reminds me of the time I dropped a bottle of flesh-eating bacteria in a rhesus lab
And tonight I 'm having a girls night with P enny
Girls night? What is it?
Girls you know, play together and talk about girls
i 'm a girl

Yes, you can join us and I 'll ask P enny
I don 't need to know Penny well
- you two? - yes
In fact, our aunts are all coming together
P enny Bernadette tell me you 're having a girls night
- Yeah - I 'm a girl
It was about me and Bernadette
And I thought you were going to the movies with Sheldon and them tonight
Yeah but they 're not girls I am
Okay I know what is the dress code ?
Just be comfortable
Well, I have to go shopping
- Knock knock- Who is it?
- Hugh - Who is Hugh?
Everyone has to listen to me
( Hugh homonym You 'Everyone' )
Time to line up for movie tickets
'Knock Knock' is the right way to joke
Normally, I 'd say I 've told you before.
But I 've told you over and over with a lot of resentment. It 's meaningless.
So I use the following phrase instead
'As I said'
Ah, I 've been wanting to hear you say that for a long time.
as i said
2 8 of 8
If we didn 't have dinner we should be here
If K oothrappali didn 't ask for dessert we should be here
That 's a well deserved reward. I ate all the broccoli.
We 're the shortest of a litter of cubs here.
Barely reach Indiana Jones ' milky nipple
Well then we had dinner
Guys when setbacks
- 'Food・Pray・Love' taught us . . .
- To shut up
Anyway, long story short, I seem to have a very tight cervix
A my When we talk about 'talking about girls', we don 't just talk about girls ' physiology.
What a pity my uterus has so much to talk about
P enny your nails are so pretty
oh thanks i found a place in the alhambra
It 's a woman 's basement, I think it 's there to cover up human trafficking
but they did a good job
One of my colleague 's graduation thesis is about fungus growing on unsterilized manicure tools
But don 't say it 's not a girl thing.
Where are we going tonight?
Bar? Nightclub? Cinema?
Let 's stay here
Continue to communicate
I have a hunch that one of you will be my lifelong friend after tonight
You can call it ' BFF ' ( B est F riend Forever ) if you like

Okay, it 's time for Bachelor Number Two.
I don 't know if I can still drink it
I still have to drive home I 'm having a hard time driving without a drink
It 's alright, you can sleep here
Oh ok pajama party !
Let 's make up and make prank calls in our crumpled pajamas and have a passionate pillow fight
A my don 't know if this is a pajama party
What a disappointment I 've always wanted to be invited to a pajama party
- You never attended? - Not as a kid?
Once I cut my tonsils and I stayed in the same room (overnight) with a Vietnamese girl
She didn 't make it until morning but it was fun until then
Okay, let 's have a pajama party

Pillow fight!
I really hope we can get in quickly
I really don 't want to run to the gas station to go to the toilet anymore.
That guy asks me to buy a bottle of Gatorade every time
vicious circle
Stupid, brother has a movie watching buddy
What movie watching friends?
Let 's just say that it can not only solve the problem of going to the toilet, but also help keep the legs warm.
Hey, bad news, I just did a rough calculation
Considering the size of the theater and the length of the line, there may be no seats for us.
What do you say? Good Raj
woke him up
Maybe we don 't have a seat?! It 's okay to go to sleep
I 've said it before, I 've told you before!
Howard you come and tell him
H o w a r d ?
Are you peeing?
Look who 's here! Okay guys
if it wasn 't for W il W heaton
It 's Gaga Binks from Star Trek (Gaga Binks is a Star Wars character)
I think it 's funny
You 'd better go to the back line
No money, no food, no girls
- W il W heaton - yes
- I adore you - adore him for what? A messy beard?
Can you take me and my friends in first?
- we 're a little late - no problem
- come on and wrap it on me - great
Let 's go in and watch a movie! Bye!
This is Indiana Jones, not Star Trek
His fake star shouldn 't be useful!
Even Star Trek has to be sponsored.
- Calm down S heldon - I can 't calm down
It 's an insult to fairness and I can 't just sit back and watch
Captain Jean-Luc Picard Said (Star Trek Character)
' The bottom line is here !
'Can 't go any further!'
Why did you have to wake him up?
Do you know what I like about Howard?
his chest hair
- Does he have a lot of chest hair? - Not just one
But it 's really long
How about drawing the sexy sunrise red?
My nails have never looked this good
ready to wash off
Looks like I can get in
Check out what W il W heaton said on Weibo
The best seats for 'Indiana Jones'
It 's better than you S heldon Cooper
Why are you on his Weibo? You know he 'll be mad at you
I know that I know myself, Leonardo
If Weibo has existed since ancient times, would General Custer not pay attention to Chief Bull 's Weibo? (Indian War Figure)
Would General Lee not pay attention to General Grant? (The two most prestigious generals in the late American Civil War)
Will spies not pay attention to spies?
I still have an example. I 'll take a call first
Hey
Now to test the quality of my phone? Weird but okay
Phrase test? Good
i lose
marriage
beg
Read together?
i 'm a jerk
why are you laughing ?
Hey ?
See no sisters, this is a prank call
I don 't think it has any entertainment value but ok
The next pajama party game from Wikipedia is 'Truth or Dare'
ok your game you come first
I 'll get acquainted with the rules of the game later
too easy
Bernadette Truth or Dare
- Honestly - ok
What temperature do you use to cook beef to kill the prions that cause mad cow disease?
Remember to answer truthfully
wait no A my you should ask her some embarrassing personal questions
yes
What is the circumference of your areola?
'It 's cool to chew on free popcorn'
hate me
I hope his next tweet is 'popcorn stuck in trachea'
'Asphyxiated'
'cool'
Sorry guys, it 's full
- No! - Full
We really want to see can you help us?
Sorry fire regulations, you should have come earlier
This is not a blatant abuse of power by a handyman what is it?
Please explain why Wil W heaton and his henchmen can get into us but not
 'Cause I 'm a handyman brat with a clipboard
no play
go home
You know what I 'm still going to say 'I 've already said it'
I already said it
We can still see something else
Sandra Bullock 's new work is two blocks away
You must know that Sister Sander 's film is guaranteed to be exciting
look at a side door
Quick little hair
We 'd better keep up with his little hairy?
The little helper of the protagonist of Raiders of the Lost Ark II
I know but why call me this? Yeah, he should be a cute Asian boy

like me
A bsolon kissed Yi 's 'little eyes'
Ni cholas trembling all over
This is the end of the story. May all lovers be married
What is it?
Bernadette 's big adventure for me is to tell a dirty joke
Chaucer 's 'Legend of Miller' is the worst joke I 've ever heard (14th century knight biographies are in Old English)
If socks had been invented in the 14th century, it should have pressed the bottom of the sock box. I think this story is very interesting.
Especially the 'little eyes' part where he kisses her
If you knew what 'little eyes' meant, you wouldn 't think so. Just a tip. If you love cleanliness, you won 't kiss this part.
ok it 's my turn
- Penny Truth or Dare- Truth or Dare
Why do you keep playing with Leonard since you broke up with Leonard?
good question
You two have been together a little too long for two people who have broken up
not
big Adventure
I believe this game is not allowed to change the options casually.
not
Well, we broke up, but we can still be friends
leonard is a nice guy
Then why did you break up with him?
I don 't know if he 's real, but I 'm not ready
Interesting if the future
Leonard 's gone when you 're ready because another woman realizes he 's a 'great guy' in your words, what are you going to do?
you can only ask one question
That 's it
stop playing
I 'm not sure how the game is scored but I think we should have won
S h e l d o n ?
S h e l d o n ?
where has he gone ?
It 's not the Mamadou we came to Sheldon (the Dane from the movie 'Cool Dog Mamadou')
Your whistle? What is this?
Raiders of the Lost Ark Part 1 2 1 Second Extended Edition
If I can 't see anyone don 't even want to see S heldon you 're crazy
It 's not that they 're crazy. No one cares about the screening room.
Listen to me, you 're exhausted, you didn 't think clearly
Put the movie back on me before I get into trouble
'In trouble' is my middle name, Leonard
It 's actually Lee, but I prefer 'make trouble'
oh hey look who they let in
Don 't worry about W il W heaton I 'll go right away
Quick little hair

Brothers, hurry up! Hurry up! Hurry up!
You tie a urine bag to my leg and run fast for me
He stole the film! Catch him!
Why aren 't the seaplanes around when you need them? (Indiana Jones used seaplanes to escape)
She 's been in for a long time, losing Truth or Dare obviously upset her
Maybe we should switch to a pajama party project
To comfort her - like?

Often tries to pull down
What kind of network are you watching?
-   P e n n y ?   -   哦   A m y
Sorry I lost my temper I just...


What are you doing ?
Don 't panic, I won 't touch your 'little eyes'

If it were me, I would choose to eat raw cookie dough
The subtitles of this forum are only for translation, communication and learning. Any commercial use is prohibited, otherwise the consequences will be at your own risk.
over
