I 'm not serious, I think I 've finally figured out how to get close to a woman
Capybara is the largest rodent
Does this have anything to do with me and women?
It 's okay, I just want to start another topic

My problem is not showing confidence
So next time I meet another beautiful girl
I won 't back down and be cautious, I 'll put on a coat of confidence
Oh yeah? What 's that like?
hi my name is leonard
girl you are so beautiful
You stand out, sparkle, radiate electricity
I 'll pick you up at eight tonight for a night you 'll never forget
where are we going ?
good news
I 've been approved to join the new phase of the DoD 's Laser Detection Satellite Program
Excuse me
If we 're going to change the subject, I 'll put the capybara first, a rodent the size of a hippo.
congratulations Howard
Thanks for listening I have to pass a security investigation so you might be heard by the FBI
Whoa whoa whoa! I don 't want to deal with the FBI
why?
I 'm a brown accent and it 's funny
They 're just looking into my background
It doesn 't matter they always find a reason to give me a one-way ticket back to Gandhi 's hometown
I have nothing else to say
Don 't be stupid R aj you are here legally
it doesn 't matter
Do you know when was the last time I went through airport security without a colonoscopy?
But despite my hard work trying to make our lunchtime educational and enlightening, I 'm so frustrated by your perseverance in discussing your personal life.
Okay Sheldon tell us about your giant rodent
Don 't you waste a lot of my time now I don 't wanna talk
Enjoy your disappointment like a capybara eats its poo
-= Eden Subtitle Station http://ytet.org/=- Honorary Produced
Translation: Xia Sheng doesn 't understand Garfield Duidui Xiaojiu Haha A Gong Proofreading: A Gong Season 4 Episode 7
Twilight: New Moon
Oh Bella, don 't you understand yet?
Edward pushes you away just because he loves you
coming
Is that Dr. Koothrappali?
I 'm Special Agent Page of the FBI
May I come in ?
I want to talk to you about Howard Wolowitz
Oh, thanks
Ok, how long have you known Mr. Wolowitz?
Would you like a rum cake?
no thank you
- About Mr Wolowitz . . .
- seven years
OK
I am legal in the United States
I know
So as far as you know, has Mr. Wolowitz ever committed a crime?
of course not
I 'm on an H-1 B visa which means I can 't be involved in any criminal activity
I do not have either
very good
So as far as you know, does Mr. Wolowitz have foreign connections?
I 'm not alone
oh come
I 'm going to check the chrysanthemum again.
- What did you say? - Please don 't send me back to India to be squeezed to death!
Seems like a whole country is a never-ending anime convention but everyone plays the same role as Indians
- Dr. Koothrappali I don 't have . . .
- I love America!
The big fat man who also loves baseball, loves freedom and loves the ground!
Love from California to New York Island! I 'm a complete idiot American!
- Dr. Koothrappali you calm down - *my country your ties . . . freedom is great* (patriotic song 'America')
When Howard said the FBI would contact me I thought it would be Mulder

glad it 's S cully
Who ?
M u l d e r 和 S c u l l y
The X-Files, 'the truth is right in front of you'
Uh so what do you want to know?
You work at the university with Mr. Wolowitz, aren 't you?
Yes but in different departments
He 's an engineer and I 'm an experimental physicist
That 's what some people say about us people experimenting all day hey world makers
I know your contribution is well done
right
How would you describe your relationship with Mr. Wolowitz?
very good we have a good relationship
Of course I have a good relationship with a lot of people
Most likely because I exude an air of confidence
People eat this kind of stuff, right?
Confidence is not secretion ( exudation )
Do you know what group Mr. Wolowitz was in?
You are a pretty girl, you know that?
You stand out, sparkle, radiate electricity
I 'll pick you up at eight tonight for a night you 'll never forget
sounds good
real ?
Really, can my 1.9m navy husband be with me?
That is . . . ? Oh my god I took off my glasses and didn 't see the ring
You see I 'm really starting to sweat
Don 't open the door?
don 't want to
Can you open the door?
I can if you 're polite
please open the door
OK
Didn 't you finish saying that?
- Dr. Cooper? - It 's me
I 'm FBI Special Agent P age
You said you were FBI special agent Page
This is my identification
This is my justice league card
It doesn 't prove that I know Batman either.
I just want to ask a few questions about Howard Wolowitz
All right
I don 't think anyone would dare to pretend to be a federal official in order to find out about this uninfluential engineer with a strong Oedipus complex . . .
Thank you
To state that I completely trust the FBI. What is their slogan?
Loyalty Brave Integrity
Answer correctly to get to the point
I sent some stool samples to the FBI forensics room 18 years ago and someone put it on fire at my door I sent them for fingerprints and DNA analysis
Why haven 't you responded yet?
Too much work in the FBI forensics room
It doesn 't help me at all as a citizen who 's troubled by dung on the soles of my feet
Do you mind if we start talking about Wolowitz?
I don 't mind, but okay
thanks
Do you think he is a responsible person?
I have to show you this
This is my beloved nine-disc The Lord of the Rings Trilogy on Blu-ray
Wolowitz once broke the plastic buckle in the middle of the third disc
He gave me the disc and hoped I didn 't find it
Do you think this is called being responsible?
That 's not what we want to ask
Did you hear that this is a Blu-ray disc?
heard it
very good
Is that the case? Wolowitz once infiltrated my World of Warcraft account and changed my level 80 warlock 's name from 'Sheldon' to 'Stinky Ear'
I 'm afraid not
Is there anything else ?
'Anything else?' Where do you want to hear it?
He refused to pay the fine when he borrowed my books overdue
He crashed the Mars rover while trying to please a woman
He recommended me to watch The Matrix 3 and I 'll quote him
'The third is as good as the first'
If it 's not irresponsible, I don 't know what is.
Mars rovers?
- Did I say Mars rovers? - You did
This example is not a good choice because I have nothing to do with that
Let 's talk
i don 't want to talk
I don 't want to talk about it because it 's going to be evidence that . . . Howard destroyed millions of state property
Thank you, Dr. Cooper, I asked all the questions
Great
I 'm also afraid you 're going to ask about the Mars rover accident.
hello guys
Guess who failed the safety investigation for large space lasers?
What 's up ?
Clearly something went wrong with the background check
You didn 't say anything nonsense, did you?
I seemed a little drunk when the girl came to investigate me
I seem to be teasing her
I think I got rum cake on her shoes
I understand
When I need you, you 're sure to step up and screw things up
- I 'm so guilty - me too
But let 's be honest, if anyone 's going to screw up the Howard thing, it 's S heldon.
Your assumption is overturned

What are you doing? Sleep hides from me
real ?
Maybe it knows you
Are you making fun of me? You will do this?
I 'm sorry, why can 't you sleep?
who knows
I haven 't watched horror movies lately
I 'm also no longer confused as to why the predicted quality of the quantum vacuum
No effect on the expansion of the universe I accidentally took a sip of Red Bull a few weeks ago
Is something bothering you today?
I told the FBI about the Mars rover
Maybe that 's what kept Howard from passing the security investigation - what? - Why is this thing keeping me awake?

Is it because you feel guilty?
interesting
Are you saying that my insomnia is caused by guilt?
You don 't have insomnia - you 're asleep now - really?
You just had a guilt-filled dream
Do you have evidence to support your hypothesis?
Gorn is sitting on the sofa ('Star Trek' character)

It does look indisputable no G orn no
that 's my seat
Thank you for meeting me Agent P age
Thank you for complaining to my boss about me Dr. Cooper
I know you want to take back your statement to Howard Wolowitz yes
- Are your statements inconsistent with the facts? - No
I 'm afraid I can 't take it back
I 'm sorry you didn 't seem to say 'no regrets'
Is there anything else?
Yes I would like to give some testimony about Howard 's good character
I think this will help him recover a little. Howard J oel W olowitz
H stands for Honesty (Honety) He is very honest
O stands for Outstanding (O outstanding) He is so outstanding
W stands for witty ( Witty ) he is good at telling jokes A stands for articial ( Artistic ) his artistic cell . . .
Sorry Dr. Cooper, this investigation is over
But I haven 't said the 'rd Joel Wolowitz' part
It has ended
I don 't understand why you guys are so critical of my friend Howard that there are so many major security threats to rule out.
For example, when I first met Leonard, he nearly leaked rocket secrets to... a North Korean spy no one ever looked into.
Is it Leonard H ofstadter ?
not another leonard he is . . .
Chinese red hair six fingers goodbye

Raj have you seen Howard?
Is he having lunch?
S heldon this is Neil D e Grasse T yson from the Hayden Planetarium in New York
I have long admired the name of Dr. Tyson.
He was responsible for downgrading Pluto to a dwarf planet I like Pluto so much
so i don 't like you
Actually I didn 't do it
That was voted by the International Astronomical Union
If these excuses were candy, we 'd have enough for Christmas
Think about it, Dr. Tyson
Is this the guy you told me about? No way
Howard, it 's me who made you fail the security check
you ?
Yeah, don 't worry about it, I 've gone to the FBI to withdraw my testimony
Did they agree?
no
Anyway, I 'm so full of guilt for you that I 'm dreaming about G orn
So I 'm here to say sorry, are you kidding me?
You make my career go back at least two years, just say sorry?
Yes I follow the social system
I tried to correct my mistakes but failed so I apologize from the bottom of my heart
If you say accept the apology now, I 'll give you a limited-edition slap
Don 't accept your apology, you 're joking, you actually accept it, right?
Leave me alone for a while S heldon

Dr. Cooper, I want to say I 'm sorry about Pluto
To shut up
- S heldon ? - Hi
What are you doing here?
I 'm in trouble P enny
I have to go to the local bar and talk to someone who will listen to my nagging
Well, there 's a bar over there in Olive Garden. I don 't like Olive Garden.
They treat me like family

What do you want?
liquor
Which one is specific?
Ethanol
40 ml
sorry dear i don 't understand ml
Blame it on President James 'Jimmy' Carter
He wanted to put America on the metric road but gave up
He still doesn 't know why he only has one period. It 's almost 40ml.
- almost- excellent


Where are we talking? You 're supposed to want me to pick a cocktail
Thanks to the tech nerds who love to drink, there 's a dedicated program
let 's see
Vodka Orange Cocktail
Passion Beach disagrees

Courageous Silk Slippers Crazy Hatter

- I want a rose Ricky- a what?
You 'll need brandy pickled pitted cherry gin rose essence angodura bitters and strong rum

First dip the cherries in sugar and then put them in a rum and bitters mix
- Then light up the rum caramel - and you 're done with a rose ricky
It doesn 't look like the picture
Every bartender has a different style
try it
Okay

Respect Metric System
I can 't taste the cherry
Okay S heldon what do you want to say
I offended Howard and he refused to accept the apology
Oh that 's what Leonard told me sorry darling
P enny you face failure every day
How did you deal with it? drinking
to drink

oh mom
If I can force Howard to accept the apology, I 'll be free from the effects of guilt. Sometimes what 's supposed to happen happens, and you can 't
For example, Lisa Peterson has not spoken to me since the second year of high school
Because no matter how much you apologize, you can 't change the fact of stealing someone 's boyfriend, I understand
You 're saying I 'm dealing with an impossible mission in Starfleet Academy
(from 'Star Trek') The Kobayashi Maru test is true, sometimes you just can 't win
Captain Kirk wins
ya cheat
you know
Can 't believe I can talk to you about this
Respect first
Kirk passed the test by adapting the code for the emulator - with - what ?
- I 'm going to adapt Howard - What?
S heldon people can 't be adapted.
It 's not that you can 't edit
敬 J a m e s   T i b e r i u s   K i r k
Hello everyone
Okay
Howard, are you looking at me pleasingly today?
this is not
you have
I 'm changing your mindset with neurolinguistic programming
Fuck off S heldon
$9.95 e-books are such a waste
What 's in the bag?
It 's for Howard
S heldon This is not what gifts can make up for
But I did hurt you, no matter if you forgive me or not, I will give it to you

Will you give me a sofa cushion ?
No this mat is just a symbol
I 'm going to give you a seat on my couch
But you love that seat
no i love my mom
My love for my seat goes deeper
That 's a unique place in my world
now it 's yours
God you have to forgive him
All right
I forgive you
Don 't slap too hard
thanks
I haven 't cried since watching 'Toy Story 3'

Tell you, S heldon, I see why you 're sitting here
The temperature is just right and there is no wind
I can watch tv and have fun at the same time . . .
I changed my mind and returned my seat
how long ?
9 4 seconds The subtitles of this forum are only for translation and learning. Any commercial use is prohibited, otherwise you will be responsible for the consequences
over
