0 0 : 0 0 : 5 9 , 6 0 2 - - &gt; 0 0 : 0 1 : 0 2 , 2 2 9 Modern love love the way I am
Who are you?
who I am?

It 's hard to describe me
Everyone is hard to describe, right? But I 'm really hard to describe because I have a little...
glitches, minor glitches
not a big deal
It 's a bit big, what do you think?
Not too small, not too big, that 's a problem anyway
But . . . how should I describe it?
Want to know who I am? listen up
I went to the supermarket a few years ago to buy peaches
craving for peaches
You know how sometimes you wake up in the morning and suddenly crave peaches?
Just like that, my whole face is radiant
I really sparkle like I picked this morning supermarket outfit I love this sequin top
Haven 't been able to find a chance to wear it
It matches my mood right now
I was in a really great mood
This is where the problem lies
Just when I thought I couldn 't be in a better mood, I saw...
vegetable cabinet
I 'm ostensibly looking for peaches, but I 'm actually looking for adventure
looking for love
I just didn 't know it then
The love found in the early morning supermarket must be reliable enough
No one 's going to come looking for a fuck or a one night stand
Men don 't drink or go high
Men are real men here
And if you are rejected, you don 't have to be like a reckless snake and can only float away empty-handed, this is a supermarket

There is always a better choice
I like tight and juicy
Still not hurt
What are you looking for?
I suddenly have a craving for fruit salad
Don 't make it in advance, make it fresh
is not it? super wasteful
You have to buy one of each and wait for your next craving for fruit salad. Every taste is off.
My conscience won 't let me make a single fruit salad
Unless you have a bunch of kids running around and a wife to help you eat

So do you have a wife and children to help you eat fruit?
- me? No, I don 't - no?

I do not have either

Is that what you are looking for?
maybe? someday
no, i mean peaches
Peaches, yes
- yes - yes

I 'm here to buy peaches
Yes
Are you . . . okay?
You seem to be a little too high
Probably the 3.5 grams of cocaine I swallowed this morning.
What?
No, I haven 't slept for three nights
No, are you rushing drafts or something?
No, no, I just . . .
I . . life is too fun to sleep
- Know what I mean? - Yeah, go talk to the hibernating bear


But it 's not bad to know that
what kind of thing?
that you want children, husbands
How to say?
It 's not bad to know that when you 're going to date someone
really, it 's a good thing
OK, so where are we going?
All right, just follow you
- True or false? - real
You light up my world
I stayed up late last night so tired, I woke up this morning so sad
At the supermarket, Rita Hayworth walked up to me
A fool would pass up such a good opportunity
I love you
- what? - I love the way you talk, I love it


thank you
Thank you for walking into the supermarket today
You are welcome


See you on Thursday night then
no problem
that. . .
I suddenly have no interest in work
Would you like to . . . have breakfast together?
we just met
We 're going on a date anyway.
Yes, but the date is dinner and breakfast is very private, not the same
Breakfast was disheveled, haggard and world-weary. . .
Big makeup, super bright light, may go wrong
Dinner is also possible
So drink


How about a cup of coffee?
coffee i can
All right
Can I have a scone?
No, that 's breakfast
see you thursday




Alright, alright, I 'm not playing 'Le Lai Love You More and More'
I 'm happy, but it 's real life
you know what I mean



intellectual property cases

remind me?
Rapper sues boy group for music theft
Yes, I know the rapper sued a certain group
It 's a whole mess, they want me to pick it up?
They insist on finding new killers

- Did they really use that word? - Of course
I was the killer before you came
Look at you, like a complacent red-haired cat
You look like Rita Hayworth
You are the second person to say that today
- Who is the first? - man
good man?
so good
Where did you meet?
I met in the middle of the night last night. You walked in leisurely at ten this morning.
Looks like he didn 't come home last night
supermarket, this morning
what the hell? Can supermarkets catch men too? real or fake?

I was in the raw meat cheese cabinet
He was in the fruit and vegetable cabinet, we fell in love at first sight
Make an appointment to see it another day
Aren 't you in progress with that musician?
It was, but we didn 't play
you are too picky



HR asked me to remind you
You missed four days last month

I know . . . from irritable bowel syndrome
Right? so sad
No matter how strong you are
I can 't explain this kind of truancy
I understand, I must improve
well, i don 't want to lose you
You just arrived, I like you very much
i like you too
Have a drink after get off work? Talk about that guy?
Say it



That 's how the problem arises

I don 't know how it got here
blood sugar? Hormones?
mental illness? God knows?
But here it comes
Like a monster from an old black and white movie, no matter how fast you run, he can catch up to you

There 's only one place where he can 't find you



Hey? Lexi?
Yes
i am jeff
I 'm calling to confirm your address

Unless you want to cancel, I . . .
you have two minutes

do not want
come on, come on a date
So, Rita Hayworth is going on a date?


Hey
hi jeff


oops, sorry


It does not matter
it 's not a good start
- Are you ok? - fine


what?
small wood carving peaches
made of ash
Are you a carpenter?
no i am not a carpenter
I saw it in a store
Feels a bit symbolic

so sweet


let 's go?

OK

Where do you want to go?
It doesn 't matter, just find a place
Are you all right?

fine

What do you want to eat?
oatmeal
This time may be a bit difficult, now... .
I know a place, let 's go

- Come on, Lexi- Thanks, Cynthia


You don 't happen to have a twin sister, do you?
no
- Excuse me, thank you - no problem

This is. . .
Want to eat ice cream?
OK
ok, no problem

Okay

Would you like to come up for a coffee . . .
- that. . .
- Or make love or something?
it doesn 't really matter
I understand
I don 't bother you anymore
what bothers me?
interrupting something you 're doing tonight that 's more fun than this
You don 't have to force it
no . . . not so
I don 't . . . I don 't . . .
Well, I 'm a bit reluctant but not really what you think
it 's me. . .
I am sick. . .
I have a cold and don 't want to do anything
Really bad
- Why didn 't you speak earlier? - you. . .
Well, let me sleep
Let 's do it all over again
call me again?
That 's fine, call me if you want
you have my phone number

It all started in high school
One day I suddenly don 't want to get up
My parents ignored me, guess I was sick because I just couldn 't get myself out of bed
2 1 days later, I 'm still in bed
The way children deal with new information is brilliant
They don 't know how things were supposed to be
So I came up with a good solution
Make up for this with excellent performance
I want to be a top student
That 's why I can miss half the time because I 'm good enough for the other half
Follow your dreams!

When I was studying at Vassar College, I stayed in the dormitory for weeks without going out.
Sitting in the library for weeks and getting crazy grades with K books
What 's the matter with you?
Then move to New York
Beat the competition in countless companies
Later, one family after another discovered my excellent professional ability, and all the night and night battles when I took the case could not make up for my miserable attendance record.
I 've been through countless counseling sessions, psychoanalytic shock therapy, cognitive behavioral therapy, drug therapy, everything.


I hide from my boss, family and friends, make excuses, and only see people when things are good
So life turned out this way, no one really knows who I am

hello Recidonohue
ok, I. . .
before tomorrow?
By tomorrow, ok, no problem
But as long as the dark clouds will clear
I can accept
Speaking of clouds clearing . . .

perfect morning
Birds chirping outside the window
Freshly mowed incense





Jeff!
Jeff, the most beautiful man on the face of the earth
Jeff with the sweetest smile, full of possibilities and infinite hope

Would it be too early to call him at 6:30 in the morning?

no, it 's okay

- Hey? - Jeff?
- Yes? - I 'm Lexi
real or fake?
Will it be too early? No way? tell me it 's not too soon
something too early?
Have breakfast, this time you have cereal, I have steak

You love to do the opposite, don 't you?
maybe

how are you
What the hell happened to you that night?
It 's alright, I 'm just so tired I 've been busy all day
It doesn 't matter, can we meet tonight?
Want to go to dinner? Or watch a movie?
Or go to a nightclub? all right, i want to see you
Oops, not very convenient tonight
Is it good on tuesday?
Tuesday? super long tuesday
Who knows if we 'll survive until Tuesday?
Tomorrow is Tuesday, we should have a good chance
With the current president? no
A lot can happen in 24 hours
We just . . . any questions tonight?
Okay, what 's so special about tonight?
I want to meet you sooner
really touching
See you tonight? come to my home? i cook
All right
ok, break
I don 't know about you, but when I 'm in this state I feel like I 'm playing the Lexi show that I star in
Reci Donoghue as the main character 'Recie'

Jude Hirsch as 'Little Yellow Driver Harry' Lexi, how are you today?
Jude Hirsch as 'Alec'
In a good or bad mood?
What do you say, Alec?


Jude Hirsch as 'Officer Mahoney'

I have to eradicate the traces of bipolar disorder


Pure beauty is here
Hollywood Generation Sluts
Every strand of hair is in place, every gesture is a painting
just right
Then I remembered Rita Hayworth 's famous quote
'Every man sinks in Jidai 's arms' Sober up in my arms'
I feel so sad


Confidence



don 't do that, don 't do that




don 't do that, don 't do that
do not do that. . .
do not do that. . .





that 's it
disgusting silence
Another man walked out of my life without even stepping in
The silence I created
Like a jealous mother who drives away the boy at the door and puts her daughter on the shelf
Will he stay?
can you? What if he knew?

If I was at the supermarket that day, I 'd be honest
'By the way, I have bipolar disorder and I accept it, how about you?'

Will he just run away, run to the freezer and leave the word 'understood' with a polite smile?
This man doesn 't like bruised peaches
How is it possible to accept a flawed soul?
please come back, don 't come back
please come back, don 't come back
please come back
Then, I spread out on the bed and let a man who was too perfect drift away
There 's a voice telling me it must end here
It 's not about my illness, it 's not going to get better, but don 't deprive people of the opportunity to know me
At least let them decide for themselves
There must be someone in this world who will accept me as I am
Someone must accept the two mes inside me
It is impossible to show people with only one side forever
That 's a Hollywood thing, that 's Jidai, so beautiful
but not for long

hey wait a minute
You 're not going to say goodbye to me?
Of course, just . . . I . . .
I don 't want to make things bigger
It 's a pity that this decision was made
I will be sad if you leave
it 's okay
I like new challenges anyway
New environment, exciting enough
Would you like to have a cup of coffee together?
ok, of course
ok wait for me
you mean now
Where are you going?
do not know
I have some savings so I don 't have to look for a new job right away
Maybe take a break and go on a trip
With your supermarket guy? By the way, how are you progressing?
Gone
- really - yeah
Is your emotional world really wonderful?
It looks so right
Maybe you think youth is too short
i have bipolar disorder
Right?
Yes
Since I was 15 years old
Why didn 't you tell me before?

Please, who would think in the entertainment legal world
Hire a lunatic? Isn 't this circle crazy enough?

Feel sorry
Then why tell me now?
Because you 're not just a colleague
You should know who you 're dealing with if we 're meeting outside the office
i hope will
But I get really low sometimes
So low that you can 't move
i won 't be with you
i won 't answer the phone
Totally an unreliable friend
Seriously, probably the worst friend you 've ever had
Not enough to be friends

I was supposed to have a meeting five minutes ago
To understanding
Phyllis, hey
The executives in my office told them today 's session would be cancelled
change to tomorrow
I know, tell them I 'm sorry
Want to have lunch together?

please give me the menu

How are you now? Mood?
coming out of slump
I 'll be hi tonight
you were the first to know about it
How does it feel to say it?
Elephant feeling chest take one foot off



I 'm glad you were willing to tell me
Many questions answered

I don 't know that this has made it impossible for us to fully communicate with each other. I have always hoped that we could communicate with each other.
So you want to go out for a drink another day?
Go to the movies together? let 's play?
all want
You are the cutest friend I have ever had
I won 't let you go
thank you, thank you

I just want to thank you

A true friend you can trust can make a miraculous change
After confessing to Sylvia, the whole thing got out of hand
I called my ex-boyfriends over the years, ex-colleagues whom I somehow stopped contacting
I almost took pride in my faults
It 's because I have bipolar disorder
I somehow feel so healing and soothing, they are so tolerant and considerate
I don 't trust them so much
I promised myself that I would no longer hide every part of me from people
good, bad, crazy
How is she doing?
It 's been two years since Jeff 's case
For two years, I struggled to find the right medicine for the right doctor
I know there 's no cure for the hormonal imbalance in my brain like there 's no cure for love
But having that little yellow pill I love so much, the pale blue pill, and a couple of pretty pink capsules and other colored capsules has changed my life so much
mood still ups and downs
but won 't make me turn into someone else
Then I 'm back in dating
Obviously, after all you are reading this
I thought about using the T inder social app and decided to use the traditional online dating model
so here I am
this is me
If you are not scared away, please leave a message to me





