I get confused every time I watch this movie
What 's the meaning ?
It 's been said very clearly 'Don 't feed the little monsters after midnight' (feeding after midnight will turn them into monsters)
'don 't get them wet' (will breed in water)
How difficult can this be?
hi guys hi darling
Yo is now 'Dear Drop'?
Yes, since they both reached the stage of physical communication
P enny updated his exclusive intimate title
so as to distinguish herself from the people she calls 'sweethearts'
The word is usually used to make a lightly disguised insult sound pleasing to all ears
You 're so boring, sweetheart
Although sometimes she skips the cover entirely
What are you all doing?
Celebrate Columbus Day
we 're watching the goblins and teenage sherlock holmes
All directed by Chris Columbus
Okay, so what are you watching on Thanksgiving?
Great parade
Oh yeah reminded me I usually go back to Nebraska for Thanksgiving
But this year it was canceled because of my brother 's trial.
Why is he being tried?
Just a big misunderstanding
You 'll like my brother, he 's almost a chemist

Anyway, I 'm going to be here for Thanksgiving, and you 'll all come.
i must go
Do you make cranberry jelly or cranberry salsa?
I think I can do both
What do you think? You look unsure
I really want to go to P enny every year
My mom would call all relatives to make that famous turkey breast
turkey breast ?
Stuff the surimi into the breast and then into the turkey
It doesn 't taste as good as it sounds
Raj, are you coming?
He all goes to my house, right man?

Okay, you don 't have to eat turkey breast this year
I don 't even chew the pills when I 'm done swallowing them
Honorary production
Translation: Xia Sheng omgjingjing Penny Proofreading: penny
Season 3, Episode 4

What the hell is going on with Raj?
The good news is he 's okay with my mom 's turkey breast
Unbelievable but go on
The bad news is that he said he was deported
What do you mean he was deported?
That means the U.S. government is going to kick him out of the country.
Either he can go back to India
immigrate to another country that is willing to accept him
Or roaming the high seas as Pirates Without Borders

I 'd choose to be a pirate
P enny, can you avoid us so we can talk to him?
Okay, but he really has to deal with the problem of not talking to women.
Another reason to pursue a career as a pirate
Piracy is still an all-male profession even today
good she 's gone


Sorry to lose my temper
what happened ?
Well, here 's the thing about my analysis of trans-Neptunian objects six months ago
Predictive component research hits a dead end
Then what? My visa is only valid if the university hires me

They fired me when they found out I had no results
By the way, it 's nothing but nothing.
Just a little
So what have you been doing these six months?
you know check email update facebook status
mess with wiki entries

Hey did you know that Netflix can provide streaming movies to your computer? (Online DVD rental service)
Are you still using fraud to get your school 's salary?
Too unprofessional as an astrophysicist
But if you 're a pirate, you have to
I don 't want to go back to India
It 's hot and noisy and too much to die in there
There are people everywhere you can 't imagine
Ok guys, how do you get Raj to stay?

Can 't you just find another job?

What are you asking me for? How do I know if you can speak now?
oh beef . . . i will miss you so much

Know that McDonald 's in Mumbai doesn 't sell Big Macs
Only Chicken Maharaja Burgers
The special sauce is . . . curry trust me in indian curry is by no means special
Don 't worry you 'll find a job again
Yeah, I 'll practice first
'Would you like some fries to go with the Maharaja Burger?'
Hi Leonard Okay R aj
Good S heldon
Don 't blame me, you know I 'm not very good at reading words
But I still want to take the plunge, you 're either sad or disgusting
- Sad- I meant to say sad, why didn 't I say it?
what do you eat ?
Triton All Beef Burgers with Tomato Sauce
Oh Beef Dinner
I will miss you the most
I 've never understood why Indians don 't eat beef?
We believe cows are gods
It cannot be said that according to Hindu teachings cows are creatures close to the gods
The culture of my own country does not need you to teach Sheldon!
I 'm so upset right now, the consequences are serious, I swear to the cow!

- I 'm sorry - I 'm me too... a little impatient
Understandably your whole life is falling apart
And your future is very slim
- thanks for the heads up - and you 're wrong about Hindu wagyu
Hey R aj good news
Professor L aughlin is recruiting to join the research group on stellar evolution
Are you kidding me! That 's great!
Act, what are you waiting for? Call him for an interview
this hit
- It 's a joy, right? - Right
Guess it
Dr. Koothrappali please come in
I 'm also surprised you 're interested in this group
Abandoning research on trans-Neptunian objects?
Where is this field very promising
I was going to study him for a few more years.
But I just don 't want to miss this great opportunity
Working with you on this extremely exciting yet not entirely disproved hypothesis
well said please take a seat
How about some sherry?
It 's a bit early for a drink, isn 't it? Not early on Proxima Centauri

Great humor but if you don 't mind I 'd like to drink it after Titan is dark

Good pick, I have a hunch that you 'll be integrated into the group 's Dr. Koothrappali soon

thank you sir

Sorry, am I late?
There is no time when it does not come
Dr. Koothrappali asked me to introduce Dr. Millstone from MIT
She is the leader of our data analysis team.
Nice to meet you Dr. Koothrappali
I have seen your paper on the size distribution of matter in the Kuiper belt
I appreciate it very much

How did you correct for selection bias?
I used a simulation program to correct the validity of visual observations
- That 's amazing - thanks for the compliment
Shall we talk while taking a bath?

When do I go to work ?
Why did you not get hired? How is it possible?
you know . . . he 's a brit and I 'm an indian
They haven 't given us much since Gandhi
Wait, are you saying he 's racist against you?
Then we can protest
It 's alright, I 've already protested

That 's it, this is my last hope
I 'll be deported and shy and go home
drowned in the cold words of my cousin Sanjay
Oh you may know him Dave from AT&amp;T Customer Service

I 'll miss you very much
Then you will come to India to see me?
God, that 's a seventeen-hour flight.
How about we meet halfway?
The midpoint is 600 miles across the sea of ​​Japan
so let 's chat on skype




children 's shoes
Raj, did you get a job with Professor Laughlin?
- No- I knew that but don 't be afraid
like the ones in countless action movies
Just like the missing second male protagonist
I 'm back to save the world

Strange that he usually gets a warm welcome
I 'm trying to develop string theory anyway
Application to gamma-ray dark matter annihilation
- I suddenly remembered that I could take advantage of . . . - interrupted S heldon
How long does it take for the second male lead to get into focus
Sorry for not cheering on my appearance, don 't even think about it now
Anyway, Toutou gave me some money so Raj can come and work for me
Do you want me to work with you?
is working for me
You have to listen more carefully at work
don 't get me wrong
I 'd rather have a cut on my nipple and swim naked across the Ganges
Infection with the virus is unbearable and slow to die and unwilling to work with you
work for me



S heldon are you busy?
Of course I 'm busy
- I 'm waiting? - Wait

How can I help you?
I reconsidered the suggestion to work with me
work for me
right work for you
I would like but with some conditions
First of all you have to treat me equally as a colleague
Secondly, my results must be signed in all published materials
In the end you can never teach me about Hinduism and Indian culture
Very good R aj these conditions are justified
- Thank you - I don 't agree with any of them
Then I have no choice. I take the job.
I 'm sorry, you probably misunderstood me
i 'm not working for you
I 'm just giving you a chance to apply for this job

- Sit down and we 'll start the interview now- what are you kidding me!
please sit
All right
All right. . .
Dress up when you come to the interview?
Come on, man, we 've been friends for so many years
Shouldn 't it be getting close?
S heldon for god 's sake don 't make me beg you
Have fun with you!
You are yet another dupe of my classic joke
I 'm your boss, should you laugh
It 's nice for the two of you to be alone, right?
Now that R aj works for Sheldon I don 't need to be his driver
Plus they 're working so late now that we have more personal space
Hey, do you want to go crazy?
What do you want to do?
Let 's go to the throne of Sheldon
you bad girl
Oh god how did he know?
- hello- hello Howard
- Am I bothering you? - Seems a little bit
- I should make a call first - uh yeah

Tonight I should dance with Raj at P alomino

But he 's working with Sheldon now
yes we know
Want me to leave?
Actually, whatever
ok then i think i can stay a little longer
What are you looking at?
sex and the city boring
hey i love this movie
Well, let 's watch it together
Maybe our 'big aunt' will come too

Okay, we 're going to design an experiment
Searching for annihilation spectra produced by collisions of dark matter in space
Oh dark matter, then we gotta bring flashlights

I 'm kidding
I 'm the boss, I can only joke

Sorry for your joke
now is not the time for jokes
We 're doing serious research work that requires absolute total focus
Okay, let 's get to work




- S heldon - for what?
- I want an aspirin - the top drawer on the table




- Thank you- are you all right?
- it 's fine - fine


very cool, thank you
Leonard, you don 't have to say thank you every time you have sex
Okay
You 'll get a thank you card tomorrow and just throw it away

Good morning everyone !
What are you doing here?
Usually on Sundays I go to the farmers market with Raj to hang horses
But he 's still working with Sheldon
So I thought I should come over and make you some sausage scrambled eggs
This is best for men and women after sex
oh kill me
I overheard your gorgeous ending by the way, it 's pretty good L eonard


See if I say 'kill me' and you kill me I don 't have to hear it
What are you doing today? Go ice skating at a show or learn to dance?
- Give some reaction - all right
- Howard, let 's talk. - Okay, what 's the matter, Sherlock Holmes?

You have to know that we don 't want you to be with us
But Penny and I sometimes need . . . alone


I know I 'm a light bulb
I 'm sorry I should have realized that this will not bother you.

Eat the eggs while they 're hot
thanks
Smoked salmon and cream cheese in the fridge
The bagels are hot in the oven
Great
I just play with my mom, it 's always been fun
Okay


Are we bad people?
I don 't know what do you want me to do?
go find him and bring him back
- Really? - Uh
Alright Howard is back
you scared me

No no no this is much lower than the collision rate we expected

You know we 're talking about dark matter collisions in outer space, right?
Of course I know what you are, tell me about outer space?
I 'm an astrophysicist 'celestial body' means 'universe'
'celestial body' stands for 'star'
Okay let 's tell you this
you can 't tell me
English is your mother tongue
Well, you are right, but this is wrong!
There is a clear line between error and fantasy, unfortunately you have to think to see it
God, you feel like all the ideas in your head are like gold
I 'll tell you some ideas are pure stink
Smell odor?
- It 's 'poo' - baa!

First of all Dr. Koothrappali I first mentioned that when you were working with me . . .
I 'm on business with you?
'Working together' in this context means 'doing things for me'
ok look at my context . . .

- Prove me if I 'm wrong. - Okay.
From this we derive the amount of dark matter particles
No, no, you said the atomic weight of the target wrong.
- let me finish - you broke my research
I didn 't break it, I 'm modifying
- board eraser for me - no
i tell me
come grab it
whatever
oh god
Dr. Koothrappali as your boss I forbid you to write on my board!
- You are not my boss - in every way
Is it? Will this one?

Nice to work with you
sorry . . . doing things for you



R a j   R a j   R a j
- I 'm busy- what are you doing?


ok i get it
What do you want S heldon ?
I looked at the board and you were right
- Then you 're wrong - I didn 't mean it logically
Even so, I didn 't say
I hope you come back and do things for me anyway
Work for you or work together?
In this context 'doing things for me' can be equivalent to 'working together'
- Okay, but I have a few conditions- I don 't agree with all of them. I accept the job.

- see you on monday- wait you gotta drive me home

- how did you get here? - walking
- Then walk home. - No, there 's a big dog outside.

On the way home we can think of ways to perfect a 500 gigaelectron volt particle detector
OK
The subtitles of this forum are only for translation, communication and learning. Any commercial use is prohibited, otherwise the consequences will be at your own risk.
Season 3 Episode 4 Ended





