0 0 : 0 0 : 0 4 , 6 1 0 - -&gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 0 6 , 0 6 0 On any day O nanygivenday , all kinds of horrors will happen in our school gymnasium ourschoolgymnasiumpre sentedacocktailofhorr ors .
From daily shame F romdailyhumiliation . . . to school-sanctioned violence . . . toschool - sanctionedviolence . . .


But one day every year the gym will be transformed into a B utonedaya year , the gymnasium was transformed into a temple of learning intoahavenoflearning thanks to a marvelous convention thankstoaremarkableinstitution
Science fair known as the science fair . All students have a chance A chance for the studentbo dytocometogether which drink makes me hiccup the loudest
Gather together in the name of research and progress in the name of research an dprogress . Some do nothing U h , while somedidthebaremi nimum . .
sound level meter
Others prefer to show more than raw data. . . and others preferraz zamatazzoverrawdata ,
Van de Graaff generator device to generate electrostatic high voltage I am committed to saving humanity from extinction by deadly asteroids I setouttosavehumanityf romdeadlyasteroids .
Asteroid Tracking and Offset presented by Sheldon Lee Cooper I have the content neatly arranged on three cardboards A ndmadeitallneatly fitto nthreeposterboards.
A science fair may be a competition Thesciencefairmaybeaco mpetition , but when the purpose is to share knowledge we are all winners but when the goal is promo ting knowledge , we  ' reallwinners .

The winner of the Andthewinner Medford High School Science Fair was . . . of the M edford H igh School Science Fairis . . .
Sue A nn Ludlow !
Are you kidding me You  ' vegottobekiddingme !
Shelly Shelly .
You people are crazy Youpeoplearecrazy!
Alright Hey . Allright .
You are praising mediocrity You  ' recelebrating mediocri ty !
Mediocrity Mediocrity !
Mediocrity!
♪ ♪ No one in the world is stronger than me♪ ♪ No bodyelseisstrongerth an I am ♪ ♪ Yesterday I moved a mountain♪ ♪ Y esterday I movedamountaun ♪ ♪ I believe I can be your hero♪ ♪ I bet I couldbeyourhero ♪
♪ I 'm an amazing little guy ♪ ♪ I amamightylittleman ♪
♪ I 'm an amazing little guy ♪ ♪ I amamightylittleman ♪
juvenile
Shelton
I went back to my room to I 'llbeinmyroom.
Don 't do that Shelly Oh , comeon , Shelly .
You still got the honorable mention. Youstillgotanhonorable mention .
Stop mentioning my sadness S topremdingme .
I hate to see him so unhappy I hatetoseehimsoupset.
Give him time, he 'll calm down Well, givehimalittletime, he  'llcalmdown.
Shit F iddle - faddle !
They all swear at The F word .
He was really pissed at He  'srealmad . It 's not every win in life he needs to learn this Youdon  ' talwayswininlife , heneedstolearnthat .
I know it 's a strong emotion for little boys I know , but thesesearebigfeeling sforalittleboy .
Everyone has this emotionT hey  ' refeelingseverybodyha s .
This is the necessary stage of growth It  ' spartofgrowingup .
It is also I guess.
Shit P oodlepoop!
Okay Okay.
Someone has to teach this kid how to swear S omebody  ' sgottoteachthiskidtos wear , it 's embarrassing it  ' sembarrassing .
Honorable Mention
Sheldon listen S heldon , listen ,
I know losing is hard to accept I knowlosingain  ' teasy .
I often have to face this I dealwithitonthefootba llfieldallthetime on the football field.
Like our big game against Nacogdoches last year I t  ' s like that big game we had last year again against Nacogdoches .
We were down 2 8 points at the halftime Weredown 2 8 points at the half .
It was raining and muddy I twasraining, itwasmuddy.
Everyone in the stands went home. E verybodyinthestandsha dgonehome.
But somehow we managed to tie with a minute left but we managed to claw our way back with a minute left.
Then they passed a desperate long pass A ndthen, they threwa Hail Mary, the receiver stepped out of bounds and thereceiver stepped out of bounds, but the referee didn 't see but thererefdidn 'tseeit.
After so much we lost on A fterallthat , weloseonabadcall .
Believe me I was pissed at Be elieveme , I wasfurious .
But I held back But I suckeditup, I walked across that field and I shook their hands.
I didn 't hear a word of what you just said I didn  ' thearawordyousaid .
Well Okay.
Animal cells Plant cells Animal cells have cell membrane S owhileananimalcellhas amembrane , plant cells have cell membrane and cell wall aplantcellhasamembran eandacellwall .

Who cares Who cares ?
Sheldon, what are you doing? S heldon, whatareyoudoing? Beingdisrespectful, sir.
Why A h.
H owcome ? Because I 'm disillusioned with the schoolsystem Because I 'm disillusioned with the schoolsystem .
Georgie do you know what 's going on with him Georgie , doyouknowwhat  ' sgoingonwithhim ?
Actually I 'm trying to ignore him Actually, I 'mtryingtoignoreit.
You put your feet down Well, getyourfeetoffthedesk.
What if I don 't let it go What if I don  ' t ?
The teacher called me to see Principal Petersen I wassenttosee P rincipal Petersen .
What did you do this time Whatisitthistime?
Adolescent Rebellion Y outthfulrebellion .
I haven 't changed my voice but my attitude has changed M yvoicehasn  ' tchangedyet , but myattitudehas .
I informed him that you are here I 'lllethimknowyou 'rehere.
Be quick with Youdothat .
Ms M a  ' am .

Sheldon Cooper outside S heldon Cooper  ' southside .
Who called Whosnthimnow this time?
- Givens - Did you know - Givens . - Well , youknowwhat ?
Givens should man a little Givesneedstomanup.
Cooper  ' salittleboy . Cooper  ' salittleboy . It 's not hard to deal with him. I t  ' snothardtohandlehim .
I called him in I 'llsendhimin.
H - H oldonaminute , just . . .
Does he know I 'm in the office? Do oesheknow I  ' minhere ?
Attention , students and faculty .
Oh, no. I 'm Sheldon Lee Cooper T hisis S heldon Lee Cooper .
What the hell What the hell?
We are taught that hard work pays off but that 's not true We  ' retaughtthathardworkp aysoff , but that  ' snottrue .
I figured out a way to save Earth from killer asteroids I cameupwithasolutionto save Earth fromkillerasteroids, but lost the sciencefair
Lost to Sue A nn Ludlow , andherfrizzyhairmachi ne . But it wasn 't just me we all lost B utitwasn  ' tjustmewholost , wealllost .
You guys wake up a little Wakeup , people .
This system has broken Thesystem  ' sbroken .
Real innovation is not valued Real innovation isn  ' tvalued .
Exaggeration and style are king these days Nowadays , it  ' sallaboutflashandstyl e .
I blame MTV station I blame MTV .
MTV channel programs are mainly aimed at teenagers and are sometimes criticized for promoting brain-damaged content
Luckily my parents couldn 't subscribe to Luckily , myparentscan  ' taffordcable . We could subscribe to Wecanaffordit .
I urge you all to rise up against I urgeyoualltoriseup.
It is impossible for everyone to meet the principal Theycan  ' tsendeveryonetothepri ncipal  ' soffice .
Chew gum in class and use a number one pencil C hewguminclass , useanumberonepencil ,
Go nuts gonuts . Sheldon Lee Cooper finished speaking T hisis S heldon Lee Coopersigningoff .
Prosperous and prosperous Livelongandprosper .
There 's a kind of you don 't run, you little bunny, Youbetterrun, youlittlepunk!


Can 't believe you put him to bed hungry I can  ' tbelieveyousenthimtob edwithouthisdinner .
That 's right T hat  ' sright .
And tonight still eat hot dog spaghetti Onspaghettiandhotdogni ght .
- Cruel enough - He must learn a lesson - T hat  ' srough . - He  ' sgottolearn .
Let 's talk about something else L et  ' stalkaboutsomethingel se .
How was your day, little George? Georgie, howwasyourday?
My brother told the whole school that our family couldn 't afford cable TV M ybrothertoldtheentire schoolwecan  ' taffordcable .
Oh Oh , right .
Missy ? It was fine until I heard we can 't get cable G ood , until I learnedwecan  ' taffordcable .

I 've been thinking I have something to say I  ' vebeenthinking , and there  ' ssomething I  ' dliketosay .
Unless it is an apology, there is no need to say Unlessit  ' sanapology , I don  ' twanttohearit .
I 'm quitting science I 'mquittingscience.
Not an apology for Notanapology.
Spank him Dad S pankhim , Dad .
I 'm really starting to worry about Shelly. I 'mreally getting worried about Shelly.
I lost my temper before and now I have to give up science. A ctingout, and nowquittingscience?
He must be re-indulging in science 's Oh, I 'msurehe 'llgetrightbacktoit in no time.
I 've also quit smoking and gambling many times I 'vequitsmokingandgambl ingplentyoftimes
Open my bag and see H mm .
L o o k   i n   m y   p u r s e .
Nothing but cigarettesan dscratchers inside.
Maybe he should find someone to talk to Maybeheshouldtalktosom ebody .
Dreaming Notit .
I mean talking to a professional about George I meantaprofessional , George .
But you are really 'good' dad Butwaytobeadad .
medical center



Welcome back Welcomeback .
Thank you for making time so soon to see our doctor T hankyouforseeingusons uchshortnotice , Doctor .
You 're welcome Oh, notaproblem.
Sheldon S heldon , I remember you I remember you .
Do you remember me Doyourememberme ?
I remember everything I remember everything .
Okay O kay . Two ladies please feel free to U h , youtwo , makeyourselvescomfort able .
My brother Sheldon Meandmymainman S heldonaregonnago and I want to come to my office and have a good chat havealittlechitchatin myoffice .
I don 't like chat I 'm not your brother I don  ' tlikechitchat , and I  ' mnotyourmainman .
Fantastic Righton. Have fun Havefun.
Sheldon I know you changed your mind Now , S heldon , I understand you  ' vechangedyourmind
Don 't want to be a scientist anymore aboutbeingascientist.
Are you going to say I can 't do it Andyou  ' regonnasay I can  ' t ?
No I think that 's great No o . I think that  ' sgreat . - Really - Hmm - Youdo ? - Y eah .
I think it 's good to be open to life choices I thinkit  ' simportanttokeepyouro optionsopen .
Let me tell you a little story Letmetellyoualittlesto ry
The protagonist is a very smart little boy aboutanextremelysmart youngboy.
Am I Me ? Is it Me Me .
For a long time Forthelongesttime , I thought I would become I thought I wasgonnabe a professional figure skater aprofessionalfiguresk ater .
And then are you as disillusioned with that realm as I am A ndthenyoubecamedisenc hantedwiththefieldlike I did
Exactly Exactly.
Someone slid over my foot on skates Someoneskated right over myfoot .
A ndthatwasthat. I 'm not sure it 's a thing I 'mnotsurethat 'sthesamething.
You lost passion the same way I lost my toes I 'dsayyoulostyourpassio ntheway I lostmybigtoe.


Don 't doodle on it D on  ' tdrawinthat .
We ended up with Hey .
W e  'realldone.
- how - good - How  ' ditgo ? - Great .
I feel so much better I feelalotbetter .
It was fantastic Well , that  ' sjustwonderful .
So are you going to keep doing science S o , you  ' regoing back to science ? No In fact I have to stay as far away from science as possible No o .
I n   f a c t ,   I ' m   g o i n g   a s   f a r   a w a y   f r o m   s c i e n c e   a s   p o s s i b l e .
I plan to join the art industry I plantopursuethearts .
What kind of art Whatkindofarts ? I decided to be an actor in the future I 'vedecidedtobecomeanac tor .
Source Offcourseyouhave.
Why did he want to learn acting Why  ' shewanttostudyacting ?
The doctor encouraged him to try something different
Maybe he can learn to act like a normal person Maybehe  ' ll learn to act normal . How about you learn to act n ice ?
You don 't know how to appreciate my sense of humor Youpeopledon  ' tappreciatemysenseofh umor .
As long as he starts being good at school A slongashestartsbehavi nghimselfinschool, I don 't care what he does I don 'tcarewhathedoes.
In fact, when I was in my 20s, I was in a small community theater group, Youknow, I actuallydidalittlecom munitytheater
Acted in backinmy 20s. Is it I sthatso? I had a great role in Oklahoma I hadagoodpartin Oklahoma.
♪ I 'm a girl who can 't say no ♪ ♪ I  ' mjustagirlwhocan  ' tsayno . ♪
Reject what Saynotowhat ? Well this Well . . .
Can 't refuse to eat vegetablesT o , uh , eatinghervegetables . Especially fun I twasfun . But I 'm sure rehearsal B ut I  ' mprettysuredoingplays
Just to be able to change clothes together in the backstage isjustanexcusetochang einfrontofeachotherba ckstage .
- Really - Yeah - Really ? - Yeah .
Drama circles cutie undressed T heaterfolkjustlovetot aketheirclothesoff .
How many people have seen your nude Howmanypeoplesawyounak ed ?
A lot . - Mom - Enough - M om . - E nough .
Y  ' alldon  ' tunderstandmysenseofh umor , either .


Hello, are you Mr. Lundy [Mr.] Hello .
A r e   y o u   M r .   L u n d y ?
My father is Mr Lundy M yfatheris Mr r.
L u n d y .
Then what should I call you Well , then what should I call you ?


Mr. Lundy. I guess Mr. Lundy. After all my dad 's gone M yfather  ' sdead .
They told me you were the head of the drama department I wastoldyou  ' rethehead of thedramade partment . Yes also the coach of the women 's volleyball team M m - hmm , and the girls  ' volleyballcoach ,
Secretly tell you there are so many people over there which , betweenus , istherealdramadepartm ent .
Is this a joke Wasthatajoke? I think it 's I thoughtso.
What do you have to do Can I help you ?
I want to be an actor I 'm interested in becoming an anactor .
Well, goodforyou. You are right here. You  ' vecometotherightplace .
I am also a professional actor Youknow , I - I  ' vebeenaprofessionalac tor
Been for many, many years foryearsandyears. Really what have you played Really? Whathaveyoubeenin?
Have you seen an ad for a mattress Well , haveyouseenthematres smadnesscommercials on channel 6 8 ? I 'm soft and firm I  ' msoftandfirm
The soft is soft and the firm is firm inalltherightplaces.

You are famous. Wow . You  ' refamous . This one . . .
W e l l ,   I . . .
I also starred in A nd I was C arbucketty
The musical 'Cats' produced by the City of Dallas Fort Worth in the D allas - Fort W orth P layersproductionof Cats.
See D idyouseethat ? Don 't I be afraid of cats No , I  ' mafraidofcats .
You know those cats are actors. Well, yourealizethecatsarej usttheactors.
I still don 't want to take the risk I still wouldn 't  ' triskit .
You 're a peculiar kid but you should be able to do You  ' reanoddboy , but you makeitwork .
Well the audition is next weekA nyway , uh , auditionsarenextweek .
- You are welcome when the time comes - That 's great - You  ' rewelcometocomeonby . - E xcellent .
I borrowed a book about acting I checkedoutabookonacti ng
By then I should have mastered it so I should have the hangofit bythen .
I like your confidence Well , I like that confidence .
Thank you most people find it disgustingT hankyou.Mostpeoplefinditoff-putting.
I can also understand that I can see that. To master acting I first let myself T omasteracting , I immersed myself in all kinds of works from silent films inallformsofthegenre , fromsilentfilms

1927 's Outstanding Silent Film 'The General'
to modern classics . . .
1963 Hitchcock-directed classic film The Birds
ToLogic 's experimental works. . . tologic - defyingexperimentalwork.
1952 's immortal musical musical masterpiece 'Sing in the Rain' Song title 'Goodmorning'
♪ Sleeping in is the best ♪ ♪ I t  ' sgreattostayuplate . . . ♪
Why are they all singing W hyaretheyallsinging ?
Because it 's a musical Becauseit  ' samusical . Why can 't they use what they say Butwhycan  ' ttheyjustsayit ? That wouldn 't be enough 'singing and dancing,' would it? Well, thatwouldn 'tbeverymusical, wouldit?
♪ The stars are shining ♪ ♪ Thestarswereshiningbri ght . . . ♪
And where did their music come from? A ndwhereisthemusiccomi ngfrom ? You are too serious You  ' rethinkingaboutittoom uch .
♪ So Good Morning ♪ ♪ S o , goodmorning ♪ ♪ Good Morning ♪ ♪ G oodmorning . . . ♪

And why do they all dance the same dance? Andhowdotheyallknowthe samedance?
- Don 't ask - Cookie - C omeon . - Moonpie .

'Actor 's Self-Cultivation'


What are you looking for What are you looking for ?
Brooch A brooch .
What is a brooch What  ' sabrooch ? It is a kind of jewelry I t  ' sapieceofjewelry . In the acting book there is a little exercise Inmyactingbook , there  ' sanexercise
That is you have to look for a brooch in a convincing way whereyoulookforamissi ngbroochinaconvincing way .
Why? According to the backstory in the book, this is A ccordingtothestory given by my friend, itwasgiventomebyafrie nd
let me sell and go on to drama school I lost so I couldaffordtostayindr amaschool , butnowit  ' sgone .
I wish you an early find Well, goodluckfindingit.
Thank you Thanks . Wait Wait .
You really believed that I was looking for something Youreallybelieved I was lookingforsomething .
I succeeded I didit .
I am an actor I  ' manactor . You are a lunatic You  ' reafreak .
Where did this brooch go, Oh, where theheckisthatbro och?
If I can change If I canchange ,
you can also change andyoucanchange,
That everyone can change everyonecanchange . Thank you Eva T hankyou , E va .
Thank you for the performance T hatwasa - alovely reading from R ocky IV .
All right, Mr. Cooper. Allright, Mr. Cooper.
The stage is yours. Thestageisyours. Thank you T hankyou.
I would like to start with a monologue from King Lear I  ' dliketobeginwithamono logue from King Lear .
How What?
Before the actors start the show, you should say 'I wish the show a success' [Broken Leg] I believeyou  ' resupposedtosay ' breakaleg . '
Sorry Sorry.
Good luck to the show B reakaleg . Poor poor poor P oornakedwretches , no matter where you are whereso  ' eryouare ,
To endure such a merciless storm thatbidethepeltingoft hispitilessstorm .
Such weather fromseasonssuchasthes e ?
Oh I care so little about things like this Oh, I  ' veta  ' entoolittlecareofthis .
Swallow this potion T akephysic , pomp , richly dressed nobles. Let you experience the misery of the poor E xposethyselftofeelwha twretchesfeel , so that you may distribute the surplus to them thatthoumayshakethesu perfluxtothem
Make heaven fairer and show theheavensmore just . Oh my god Holymackerel . ♪ Don 't cry for me, Argentina ♪ ♪ D on  ' tcryforme , Argentina ♪
'Don 't Cry for Me, Argentina' from the musical 'Evita' and the musical 'Madame Veron'
♪ In fact I never left you♪ ♪ T hetruthis I neverleftyou ♪
♪ In those wild days ♪ ♪ A llthroughmywilddays ♪
♪ In the midst of madness ♪ ♪ M ymadexistence ♪
♪ I keep my promises ♪ ♪ I keptmypromise ♪
♪ Don 't turn me away♪ ♪ D on  ' tkeepyourdistance . . . ♪
♪ I have daisies ♪ ♪ I  ' vegotdaisies ♪
Classic clip from the 1951 movie 'An American in Paris' song title 'I gotrhythm'
♪ In green pastures ♪ ♪ In greenpastures ♪
♪ I got my girl♪ ♪ I 'vegotmygirl ♪
♪ What more could I ask for♪ ♪ W hocouldaskforanything more ♪
♪ Old Man Trouble ♪ ♪ Oldmantrouble ♪
♪ I don 't care ♪ ♪ I don  ' tmindhim ♪
♪ You won 't find it♪ ♪ Youwon  ' tfindhim ♪
♪ He 's hanging around outside my house ♪ ♪ Hanging  ' roundmydoor ♪
♪ I have starlight ♪ ♪ I  ' vegotstarlight ♪
♪ I have sweet dreams♪ ♪ I  ' vegotsweetdreams ♪
♪ I have my star♪ ♪ I 'vegotmystar ♪
♪ What more could I ask for♪ ♪ W hocouldaskforanything more ? ♪
♪ What more could I ask for♪ ♪ W hocouldaskforanything more ? ♪
You look so dangerous like that T hatlookeddangerous .
No, that looks dangerous. No, that looks dangerous.
We are back We  'reback .
How was the audition Hey . How  ' dtheauditiongo ?
It 's good that I play the lead role of Great .
I   g o t   t h e   l e a d .
No you  ' rekidding .
What repertoire What  ' stheplay ?
Annie .
A 1982 musical about the joyful adventures of the red-haired orphan Annie I need to learn my lines I needtogolearnmylines . I had doubts in my heart when I first heard No , I wasalittleunsureatfir st ,
But the actress Sandy Duncan also starred in 'Peter Pan' but Sandy D uncandoesplay Peter P an ,
so if you think about sowhenyouthinkaboutit . . .
Connie , you  ' renothelping . Okay O kay .





I want to talk to you about this stage play. I wanttotalktoyouaboutt hisplay.
I 'm excited too I 'mexcitedaboutit, too. You know if you play the girl character Youknow, ifyouplaythepartofagi rl,
There 's a good chance people will make fun of you peoplemightmakefunofy ou . mr lundy wants to hit east texas mr .
L undy  ' stryingtopush the bound aries everyone 's boundaries of drama ofdramain E ast T exas . One of the ways is O newaytodothatiscross - gendercasting .
Let me fix my wording Letmerephrasethat:
If you play the partofagi rl , people will makefunofyo u .
In Shakespeare 's time, all the female roles were played by men. In Shakespeare 'stime, themenplayedallthefem aleparts.
No one makes fun of them. Noonemadefunofit. If Shakespeare went to the public school If Shakespearewenttopubli chighschool,
That won 't be the case it ' dbeadifferentstory .
Did you know that Sandy Duncan also played the male character Peter Pan? Youknow , Sandy D uncanplays the partof Peter Pan . . .
Yeah I heard Yeah , yeah , I heard .


Son dad is trying to protect you I  ' mtrying to protect you , son .
I thank you for your kindness I appreciate that. Good G ood .
You are a football coach You  'reafootballcoach .
Isn 't your responsibility I sn  ' tityour responsibility to put the players in the best position toputinthebestplayerf orthejob ? Probably I guess .
I want to act Well, I wanttodothis, and Mr. Lundy says I 'm the best and Mr. r.
L u n d y   s a i d   I   w a s   t h e   b e s t .
Well Okay.
Can you at least wear pants instead of skirts? Can youatleastwearpants insteadofadress?
I give you a very certain possibility I  'llgiveyouadefinitemay be .
three weeks later
Ok, who 's looking forward to it O kay , who  ' sexcited ?
I don 't want to be ashamed of Sheldon 's idiot stage play I don  ' twanttosee S heldon  ' sstupidplay , it  ' shumiliating .
That 's exactly why I want to see T hat  ' swhy I wanttoseeit . We 're going to support your brother We  ' regoingtosupportyourbrother .
I don 't want to hear any more words from you Notanotherwordaboutit .
Can we sit in the back anyway C anweatleastsitintheback ?
No more Notaword.
I 'm looking forward to it Well , I  ' mexcited .

Okay, everyone has 10 minutes to play O kay , everybody , tenminutestocurtain .
Girls don 't laugh life is hardN osmiling , girls , it  ' sahardknocklife .
How are you Mr Cooper Howyoudoing , Mr .
C o o p e r ?
Did you resonate with your inner Annie? Youintouchwithyourinne r Annie ?
Yes, I believeo . It 's great. It 's a full house today. G ood .
I t  ' sapackedhouse . W ha - - oh , whattheheck ?
Katie Katie are you an orphan Katie ?
K a t i e .   Y o u ' r e   a n   o r p h a n ,
Dear not miner sweetheart , notacoalminer .
Would you like to converge a little bit L et  ' stonethatdown , hmm ?





Oh my god Oh , dear .
I can 't do it I can  ' tdothis .
What are you talking about What are youtalkingabout?
I can 't do a stage play. T heplay , I can  ' tdoit . Too many people outside T herearetoomanypeopleo utthere .
You are stage fright Oh , thatisjuststagefright .
This is normal T hat  ' scompletely normal . No I am a grand attack No , thisisafull - blownpanicattack . Well you listen to me A llright , listentome .
You feel scared You  ' refeelingscared . I can understand but you gotta know I get that , but what you have tounder stand
You are not alone on stage isyou  'renotgoingoutonthatst agealone.
Everyone, everyone gathered here E verybody , gatheraround , hmm ?
Sheldon Uh , S heldon , have you been to the circus haveyoueverbeentothec ircus ? Yes .
good O kay , good .
I had a panic attack there too. I hadapaniattackthere, too.
I would say Mypointis,
There 's always a safety net underneath the trapezartistalway performerswithanet
Come catch him and protect him tocatchhim, toprotecthim. And you are protected by everyone here A ndyouareprotectedbyev eryonestandinghere.
You won 't have anything on stageNothingcanhappentoyouo utonthatstage ,
Because we are a team becausewe  'reateam .
We are your safety net Weareyournet .
I don 't know anymore I don  ' tknow . Sheldon you come over S heldon , comehere . You You . . .
is a star areastar ,
And the outside audience andthataudience
There should be a chance to see you shine reservesstoseeyoushine .

Mr. Lundy 's speech was very moving Mr. L undygaveacompellingsp eech . Indeed the audience should have a worthwhile opportunity Theaudiencediddeservet oseewhattheycamefor ,
A passionate boy plays anagerboybravelytaki ngon
The character theroleof Little Orphan Annie .
I think you are looking for beating You  ' relookingforaknuckles andwich .
According to this, they were not disappointed. Andinthatrespect, theywerenotdisappointed.
You all be quiet Pipedown, allofyou.
Go back to sleep Gobacktosleep .
It 's alright Molly. It 's sallright, Molly. Annie 's here. Annie ' shere. Thank goodness Oh, thank God.
I 'm happy to say that in 1989 I  ' dtellyouhowan East T exasaudiencein 1 9 8 9 responded to agrownmanplaying Annie ,


But I think you can all guess it but I thinkyouknow . What is my line What  ' smyline ? ♪ Tomorrow the sun will rise ♪ ♪ T hesuncomeouttomorrow ♪
Song Title - 'Tomorrow'
♪ I 'll keep your ticket with you tomorrow♪ ♪ Betyourbottomdollartha ttomorrow ♪
♪ The sun will shine ♪ ♪ T here  ' llbesun ♪
♪ When I feel the days are gray♪ ♪ When I  ' mstuckwithadaythat  ' sgray ♪
♪ And lonely times ♪ ♪ A ndlonely ♪
♪ I 'll lift my chin and smile ♪ ♪ I juststickoutmychinand grin ♪
♪ And say ♪ ♪ An ndsay ♪ I think I seehisunderpants I think I seehisunderpants . I told you .
People in drama circles just love T heatrefolk just lovetos howofftheirbusiness .
♪ A new day will always come ♪ ♪ A lwaysadayaway ♪
♪ Tomorrow , tomorrow ♪
♪ I love you tomorrow♪ ♪ I loveyou , tomorrow ♪
♪ You will always be there♪ ♪ You  ' realwaysaday ♪
♪ A new day comes ♪ ♪ A way . ♪
