


 Something wrong ?
 To the man who loves art for its own sake , it is frequently in its least important ... ... and lowliest manifestations ... ... that the keenest pleasure is to be derived .
 Oh , if you say so , Holmes .
 It is pleasant to me to observe , Watson , that you have so far grasped this truth ... ... that in these little records of our cases ... ... which you have been good enough to draw up , and I am bound to say , occasionally embellish , that you have given prominence not so much ... ... to the many cause celebes and sensational trials ... ... in which I have figured , but rather to those incidents ... ... which have given room for those faculties of deduction ... ... and logical synthesis which I have made my special province .






 Kind of you to say so , Holmes .
 You have erred , perhaps - ...
 ... you have erred ... ... in attempting to put color and life ... ... into each of your statements , instead of confining yourself to placing upon record ... ... that severe reasoning from cause to effect ... ... which is really the only notable feature about the thing .


 You are always in a disputatious mood ... ... when you choose that pipe .
 It seems to me that I have done you ... ... full justice in the matter .
 No , no , no , no , no , no , it is not selfishness or even conceit .
 If I claim full justice for my art , it is because crime is common ;
 logic is rare .
 Therefore , it is upon logic rather than upon crime ... ... that you should dwell .
 You have degraded what should have been a course ... ... of lectures into a series of tales .
 Really , Holmes ,
 I hardly think my poor scribblings deserve that .
 They have , after all , made your name a household word .
 Oh , pshaw , my dear fellow , what do the public , the great unobservant public , who can hardly tell a weaver by his tooth ... ... or a compositor by his left thumb , care about the finer shades of analysis and deduction ?


 But , indeed , if you are trivial ,
 I cannot blame you , the days of the great cases are past .
 Man , or at least criminal man , has lost all enterprise and originality .
 Oh , surely not . I fear so .
 As to my little practice , it seems to be degenerating into an agency ... ... for recovering lost lead pencils ... ... and giving advice to young ladies from boarding schools .
 My dear , dear friend , how can you say such a thing ?
 I think I have touched bottom , finally .
 However , this note I had this morning ... ... marks my zero- point , I fancy .
 Well , goodness , who is it from ?
 Read it .
 ' Dear Mr. Holmes :
 I am very anxious to consult you ... ... as to whether I should or should not accept a situation ... ... which has been offered to me as a governess .
 I shall call at half- past ten tomorrow ... ... if I do not inconvenience you .
 Yours faithfully , Violet Hunter . '


 I must confess to being somewhat puzzled ... ... by the contents of your letter , Miss , uh , Hunter , since the matter on which you seek advice ... ... is somewhat outside my usual field of expertise .

 Yes , I am aware of that .
 But you will excuse my troubling you , I am sure , since I have recently had a very strange experience .
 Indeed ?
 As I have no parents or relations of any sort ... ... from whom I could ask advice ,
 I thought perhaps you would be kind enough ... ... to tell me what I should do .
 I shall be happy to serve you in any way I can ; pray , proceed .
 There is a well- known agency for governesses in the West End , called Westaway 's , and I have lately been calling there ... ... about once a week in order to see whether ... ... anything has turned up which might suit me .




 It is managed by Miss Stoper .
 She sits alone in her own office , and the ladies who are seeking employment ... ... wait in the anteroom , and are then shown in one by one , when she consults her ledgers and sees whether ... ... she has anything which might suit them .
 Miss Green has been on our books for some years ... ... and has excellent references .
 In fact , were it not for the swift return to Kuala Lampur ... ... of her present employer , who finds her most satisfactory , she would not be available today for your consideration .




 Thank you , Miss Green .





 Oh , that will do .
 I could not ask for anything better .
 Oh , capital , capital .
 Splendid .
 Please be seated , Miss Hunter .
 Now , then , you are looking for a situation , miss ?
 Yes , sir . As a governess ? Yes , sir .
 And what salary do you ask ?
 I had four pounds a month in my last place ... ... with Colonel Spence Munro .
 He has given her an excellent reference , Mr. Rucastle .
 Oh , doubtless , doubtless , but four pounds a month ?
 If that seems too much -
 Too much ? oh , tut , tut , how could anyone offer so pitiful a sum to a lady ... ... with such attraction and accomplishments ?




 My accomplishments , sir , may be less than you imagine .
 A little French , a little German , music , drawing -
 Oh , tut , tut , that is quite beside the question .
 The point is , have you or have you not ... ... the bearing and deportment of a lady ?
 I mean , that is it in a nutshell .
 I would hope to have ladylike qualities , sir .
 If you have not , then you are not fitted for the rearing of a child ... ... whose background and qualities point ... ... to a brilliant future .
 And if you have , why , how can any gentleman ask you ... ... to condescend to accept anything under three figures ?
 Three figures , sir ?
 Your salary with me , madam , would commence at a hundred pounds a year .
 I hardly know what to say .
 It has also been my custom to advance my young ladies ... ... a small portion of their salary beforehand , so that they might meet any little expenses ... ... of their journey and their wardrobe .


 Thank you , sir .
 May I ask where you live ? Oh , Hampshire , charming rural place ,
 The Copper Beeches , five miles on the further side of Winchester .
 Oh , it is the most lovely country , my dear young lady , and the dearest old country house .
 And my duties , sir ? I should be glad to know what they would be .
 One child , one dear little romper just six years old .
 How charming .
 Oh , Miss Stoper , if you could only see him ... ... killing cockroaches with a slipper , three of them gone before you could wink .
 Very clever .
 My sole duties , then , are to take charge of a single child ?
 Oh , no , no , no , no , no , no , not sole , my dear young lady .
 Oh , what else , then ?
 Well , your duty would be , as I am sure your good sense would suggest , to obey any little commands that my wife might give .
 You said commands ?
 Provided , of course , that they were such commands as any young lady ... ... might with propriety obey .
 You see no difficulty ?
 None , whatsoever .
 I should be happy to make myself useful .
 Quite so .
 In dress , for example , we are faddy people , you know , Miss Hunter , faddy , but kind- hearted .
 And if you were asked to wear any dress ... ... that we might give you , you would not object to our little whims , huh ?


 Why , um , no .
 Or to sit here , or to sit there , and that would not be offensive to you ?
 No .
 Or to cut your hair quite short before you come to us ?
 Cut my hair ?
 Quite short .
 Well , I am afraid that 's quite impossible .
 And I am afraid it is quite essential .
 It 's a little fancy of my wife 's , and ladies ' fancies , my dear madam ,
 ladies ' fancies must be consulted .
 So you won 't cut your hair ?
 No , sir , I 'm afraid I could not .
 Ah , well , it is a pity , because in other respects you might have done very nicely .

 In that case , Miss Stoper ,
 I had best inspect some more of your ladies .


 Miss Hunter , do you desire your name to be kept upon our books ?
 If you please , Miss Stoper .
 Well , really , it seems rather useless , since you refused the most excellent offer in this fashion , you could hardly expect us to exert ourselves ... ... to find another such opening for you .
 I 'm sorry , Miss Stoper , but my hair -
 Good day , Miss Hunter .
 Now , why on earth should he want you to cut your hair ?
 I don 't know .
 A very strange fact .
 As you may observe , Mr. Holmes , my hair is somewhat luxuriant ... ... and a rather peculiar tint of chestnut .
 And most artistic , if I may so observe . It has been considered so .
 I simply couldn 't think of sacrificing it ... ... in such an offhand manner .
 Well , I should think not , indeed .
 Oh , such was my feeling at the time .
 The next day I was inclined to think ... ... that I had made a mistake , and the day after I was sure of it , when I received a letter from the gentleman himself .
 I have it here , and I will read it to you .
 ' Dear Miss Hunter :
 Miss Stoper has kindly ... ... given me your address , and I write from here to ask ... ... whether you have reconsidered your decision .
 We are willing to give 30 pounds a quarter , or 120 pounds a year , so as to recompense you ... ... for any little inconvenience which our fads may cause you . '

 And your hair ?
 He is insistent .
 ' As regards your hair , it is no doubt a pity , especially as I could not help remarking its beauty ... ... during our short interview .
 But I am afraid I must remain firm upon this point , and I only hope that the increased salary ... ... may recompense you for the loss . '

 Will it ?
 My mind is made up that I will accept the offer .
 I thought , however , that before taking the final step ,
 I should like to submit the whole matter ... ... for your consideration .
 My dear Miss Hunter , as your mind is already made up , the matter is settled .
 But , if at any time you should find yourself ... ... in any doubt or danger -
 Danger ? What danger do you foresee ?
 There seems to be a danger , if we could define it .
 But at any time , day or night , a telegram will bring me down to your help .
 Then that is enough .
 I shall write to Mr. Rucastle at once , and go down to Hampshire quite easy in my mind now .
 Thank you .


 Well , Holmes ?


 I should allow no sister of mine to accept such a situation .














 That 's my man , Toller , he likes to keep it secure .
 But you look apprehensive , Miss Hunter .
 Not at all , Mr. Rucastle .
 Good , good .
 You must be Edward ,
 I have looked forward to meeting you .
 Master Edward , this is your new governess , Miss Hunter .
 Oh , I see you have a present for Miss Hunter .
 Oh , well done , good shot .
 Copper Beeches , Mr. Rucastle ?
 All dead , Miss Hunter , mostly dead .
 Here we are , then , come in , come in .
 Oh , Mrs. Toller , this is Miss Violet Hunter , who is taking up the position of governess to Master Edward .
 How do you do , Miss Hunter ?
 Your room is all ready for you . Thank you .
 Come along now , Toller , fetch the trunk .
 Oh , Miss Hunter , after you are refreshed from your journey ,
 I 'll take you on a tour of The Copper Beeches .



 The premises is certainly extensive , Mr. Rucastle .
 Oh , yes , and the extensive premises need protection .
 Look in here , isn 't he a beauty ?
 Don 't be frightened , Miss Hunter , it 's only Carlo , my mastiff .
 I call him mine , but in fact ,
 Toller is the only man that can do anything with him .
 He lets him loose at night , and God help any trespasser he lays his fangs upon .
 We feed him once a day , and not too much then , so that he is always keen as mustard .
 Oh , for goodness sakes , Miss Hunter , under no pretext set foot across this threshold at night ; it 's as much as your life is worth .


 Mrs. Rucastle will be here shortly , and she will tell you herself how delighted she is ... ... you are able to accept this situation .
 Your offer was a most generous one , sir .
 Though , well , I am still curious about the conditions .
 My little fads and fancies , you mean ? Yes .
 But they 're nothing at all .
 My wife is very fond of a particular shade ... ... of electric blue , and she would like you to wear such a dress indoors ... ... in the morning .
 But I do not have such a dress .
 Ah , but we have one .
 As to sitting here or there ... ... or amusing yourself in any matter indicated , well , that need cause you no inconvenience , need it ?
 No .



 How do you do , Miss Hunter ? I 'm sorry I was not here to greet you , a slight indisposition .

 I trust you are feeling better now ?
 Much better , thank you .
 I was just telling Miss Hunter about the blue dress .
 Yes , I think it would fit you very well .















 I wonder what desperate circumstances ... ... could occasion such an appeal ?
 I have devised seven separate explanations , each of which would cover the facts as far as we know them .
 Oh , and which one do you favor , Holmes ?
 At the moment , I have no favorites .
 Data , data , data , I cannot make bricks without clay .
 Well , it 's nice to get away from the fogs ... ... of Baker Street now and again .
 What delightful little farms these are , don 't you agree , aren 't they fresh and beautiful ?
 You know , Watson , it is one of the curses of having a mind ... ... with a turn like mine that I must look at everything ... ... with reference to my own special subject .
 Well , it doesn 't make the scenery ... ... any less admirable , does it ?
 You look at these scattered houses , and you are impressed by their beauty .
 I look at them , and the only thought which comes to me ... ... is a feeling of their isolation ... ... and of the impunity with which crime may be committed there .
 Good heavens , who would associate crime with these dear old homesteads ?
 They always filled me with a certain horror .
 It is my belief , Watson , founded upon my experience , that the lowest and vilest alleys in London ... ... do not present a more dreadful record of sin ... ... than does the smiling and beautiful countryside .
 Had this young lady who appeals to us for help ... ... gone to live in Winchester ,
 I should never have had a fear for her .
 It is the five miles of country which makes the danger .











 What can it mean , Mr. Holmes ?
 We cannot theorize without data , I 'm afraid .
 Please , continue , Miss Hunter .
 In the first place , I may say that I have met , on the whole , with no actual ill- treatment from
 Mr. and Mrs. Rucastle .
 But I am not easy in my mind about them , and I cannot understand them .
 What can 't you understand ?
 The reasons for their conduct .
 For two days after my arrival at the Copper Beeches , my life was very quiet .
 On the third , I went downstairs after breakfast to find
 Mr. and Mrs. Rucastle in the drawing room .
 Mr. Rucastle informed me that a dress , an electric blue dress , had been laid out for me in my bedroom , and asked me to put it on .
 I did as he requested .






 Oh , superb , Miss Hunter , oh , quite superb .
 Do you not agree ?
 It could not be a better fit , not if you had been measured for it .
 Please , be so good as to sit down , Miss Hunter .
 Oh , perfect , I mean , it 's quite , quite perfect .
 Over here , if you don 't mind , Miss Hunter .
 There , there , there now , excellent . Are you quite comfortable ?
 Yes , thank you .


 How long do you wish me to remain here , sir ?
 Oh , an hour , perhaps , perhaps longer .
 An hour ?
 Oh , but not , I assure you , an hour of tedium .
 Let us see how we can best entertain and divert you .
 Do you enjoy funny stories , Miss Hunter ?
 Why , yes .
 Well , then , I shall tell you some , and all of them , I assure you , absolutely true .
 Let me tell you about George .
 He is the most extraordinary character .
 Well , it seems , somebody wanted to find his way to Winchester , and George , he really is such an eccentric , you might mistake him for a scarecrow ,
 I mean , his legs are all astray , his arms always thrust out like this , his head shaved like a turnip , and on his head he wore the most extraordinary hat -
 Then Mr. Rucastle , walking up and down on the other side of the room , began to tell me a series of the funniest stories
 I 've ever listened to .
 You cannot imagine how comical he was .
 I laughed till I was quite weary .
 Two days later this same performance ... ... was gone through again .
 This is the peace of God , that passes all understanding .

 Oh , bless my soul , is that the hour already ?
 Time has passed very quickly , and most amusingly , sir .
 Well , I 'm glad to hear you say so .
 But now , it is time for you to attend to your duties , so go and change your dress , and then look to little Edward in the nursery .
 You can easily imagine , Mr. Holmes , how curious I became as to what the meaning ... ... of this extraordinary performance could be .

 Since my face was always turned away from the window ,
 I became consumed with the desire to see ... ... what was going on behind my back .
 On the very next occasion ,
 I managed to conceal a small piece of mirror in my hand .
 Oh , George , I can 't tell you -
 In the midst of my laughter ,
 I raised my handkerchief to my eyes , and was able with a little management ... ... to see all there was behind me .
 There was nothing , at least that was my first impression .
 At second glance , however ,
 I perceived that there was a bearded man ... ... leaning against the railings which bordered our field , and was looking up earnestly at the house .
 I lowered my handkerchief and glanced at Mrs. Rucastle , to find her eyes fixed upon me in a most searching gaze .
 She said nothing , but I 'm convinced she divined I had a mirror in my hand .


 Jephro , there is an impertinent fellow ... ... who stares up at Miss Hunter .
 Oh , does he indeed ? No friend of yours , Miss Hunter ? No , I know no one in these parts .
 Oh , dear me , how very impertinent .
 Quite intolerable .
 Kindly turn around , Miss Hunter , and motion him to go away .
 Surely it would be better if we took no notice .
 What , and have him loitering here always ?
 No , turn around , Miss Hunter , and wave him away like this .





 That was a week ago , and from that time I have not sat in the window , nor have I worn the blue dress , nor seen the man with the beard .

 But something else occurred , an event which caused you to summon me with such urgency ?
 Yes , yes , oh , Mr. Holmes ,
 I 've never been so frightened .
 Do not distress yourself , Miss Hunter , compose yourself , and then tell us what it was .


 There is a turret to the house ... ... which appears not to be inhabited at all .
 A door which faces that which leads into the quarters ... ... of the Tollers opens into the turret , but it is invariably locked .

 It was only yesterday that the chance came ... ... for me to pass beyond the door .
 Toller ?
 Yes .





















 So it was you , then .
 I thought it must be when I saw the door open .
 I 'm so frightened .
 Oh , my dear young lady , oh , my dear young lady , what has frightened you , my dear young lady ?
 I - I was foolish enough ... ... to go up into the shuttered turret .
 You noticed it was shuttered then ?
 Yes .
 Photography is one of my hobbies .
 I have made my dark room up there .
 What an observant young lady one has come upon .
 It was so lonely and eerie in this dim light ... ... that I was frightened and ran out again .
 It 's so dreadfully still in there .
 Only that ?
 Why , yes , what do you think , what other reason ?
 Why do you think I keep that door locked ?
 I 'm sure I don 't know .
 It is to keep people out who have no business there , do you see ?
 I 'm sure if I had known -
 Well , you know now .
 And if you ever set foot across that threshold again ,
 I 'll throw you to the mastiff .


 I was so terrified that I didn 't know what to do .
 Then I thought of you , Mr. Holmes .
 I had no difficulty in getting leave to come ... ... to Winchester this morning , but I must be back by 3 : 00 o 'clock , for Mr. and Mrs. Rucastle are going on a visit ... ... and will be away all evening , so that I must look after the child .


 Now I 've told you all of my adventures , Mr. Holmes .
 What does it mean , and what should I do ?
 Does the unspeakable child Edward have a friend ?
 Yes , uh , an equally unpleasant child at one of the farm cottages .
 Splendid .
 Dr. Watson and I will arrive at the Copper Beeches ... ... at 4 : 30 precisely .
 But before then , there are one or two things
 I should like you to do .
 I would not ask this of you , Miss Hunter , if I did not think you were quite an exceptional woman .
































 Mrs. Toller ?
 Mrs. Toller , I think Edward has locked himself in the cellar .
 The cellar ?
 Well , I can 't find him anywhere , and it is past his tea time .
 Well , just the same , I don 't see why Master Edward ... ... would have locked himself in the cellar .
 Well , the door was open earlier ,
 I saw Toller come out with a bottle .
 Perhaps he went down to look for cockroaches .
 It 's locked .
 There you are , miss .
 After you .
 Our destination .
 Holmes , can we be quite sure the mastiff isn 't loose ?
 We can be sure of nothing until we reach the house .









 Good God , what was that ?




 Come quickly .
 To the left , Mr. Holmes .






 There has been some villainy here .
 It looks as though someone has gone across the roof .
 Alice , Alice , Alice , Alice , Alice .
 Alice ?
 Where is my daughter ?
 That is for me to ask you that .
 His daughter ?
 Thieves , you spies , thieves and spies .
 I have caught you , have I ? I have you in my power .
 I 'll serve you .
 What does he mean ?
 He 's gone for the dog .
 Watson .



 Someone has loosed the dog .
 It 's not been fed for two days .
 Quick , before it 's too late .






 Still unconscious .
 I 've done what I can for him , he now needs a surgeon as soon as possible .
 I 've dispatched Toller to Mrs. Rucastle ... ... to summon such assistance .
 Oh , miss , it 's a pity you didn 't let me know ... ... what you were planning ,
 I could have told you your pains were wasted .
 It 's clear Mrs. Toller knows ... ... more of this matter than anyone else .
 Well , yes , sir , I do , and I 'm -
 I 'm ready enough to tell you what I know .
 But if there 's police court business over this , you will remember I was Miss Alice 's friend .
 Miss Alice ?
 Mr. Rucastle 's daughter by his first marriage .
 Ah , the mystery of the shuttered turret .
 Mrs. Toller , please sit down .
 Now , tell me all you know .
 Well , she was never happy at home ,
 Miss Alice wasn 't , from the time that her father married again .
 She - she was slighted like , and had no say in anything .
 But - but it didn 't became bad for her ... ... until after she met Mr. Fowler .
 And pray , who is Mr. Fowler ?
 Well , he was Miss Alice 's young man .
 You - you might have seen him hanging about , out in the road by the field .
 Yes .
 And how did Mr. Fowler 's involvement ... ... bring Miss Alice to her distressing circumstances ?
 Well , as far as I could learn ,
 Miss Alice had rights of her own under her late mother 's will , but she was so quiet and patient , she was , she never said a word about them ... ... but just left everything in Mr. Rucastle 's hands .
 Well , he knew he was safe with her , but when there was a chance of a husband coming forward , who would ask for all the law will give him , well , then , her father thought it time to put a stop on it .
 He wanted her to sign a paper ... ... so that whether she married or not , he could use her money .


 Well , when she wouldn 't do it , he kept worrying her , worrying her , till she got brain- fever ; for six weeks she was at death 's door .





 When she got better at last , all worn to a shadow , and with her beautiful hair cut off , he moved her to the turret room , where she was kept prisoner .








 But that didn 't make no change in her young man , and he stuck to her true as a man could be .
 And then Mr. Rucastle brought Miss Hunter down from London ... ... in order to impersonate his daughter ... ... and get rid of the young man .
 Well , that was it , sir .
 But Mr. Fowler being a - a persevering gentleman , as a good sailor should be , blockaded the house .
 And having met you succeeded by certain arguments , metallic and otherwise , in convincing you that your interests were the same as his ?


 Mr. Fowler was a very kind- spoken , free- handed , gentleman .
 And in this way he managed that your husband ... ... should not want for drink , the gates unlocked , thus insuring that the mastiff should remain chained , and that a ladder should be ready to assist him ... ... in the rescue of Miss Alice ?



 You have it , sir , just as it happened .

 And thus was solved the mystery of the sinister house ... ... called The Copper Beeches .
 Mr. Rucastle survived , but was always a broken man , kept solely alive through the care of his devoted wife .
 They still live with their servants , who probably know so much of Rucastle 's past ... ... that he finds it difficult to part from them .
 Mr. Fowler and Miss Rucastle were married by special license , and he now holds a government position ... ... on the island of Mauritius .
 Miss Hunter is now head of a private school in Walsall , where I gather she has met with considerable success .
 There , Holmes , your verdict ?
 An admirable account , Watson .
 Oh , you don 't think I 've put too much color and life into it ?
 Oh , my dear friend ,
 I humbly defer such considerations ... ... to your excellent literature .
 Good .
 Downloaded From www . AllSubs . org

































