
Good evening I 'm Dr. Sheldon Cooper today 's guest lecturer
Where is the applause?
Well it looks like you guys are speechless. I agreed to teach you tonight because it is said that you are the best and brightest PhD students in this school.

It 's like saying that you are the most important electron in the hydrogen atom.
Because there is only one electron in the hydrogen atom

The best and brightest student oh my gosh
ok let 's start
Raise your hand to learn about topological insulators
don 't lie to yourself
Another 'tweet' from one of Sheldon 's students
'Dr Cooper chose a subject that wasn 't interesting'
'And make it utterly boring'
'And he looks like a big bug'
listen to this
Can Einstein 's Theory of Relativity explain 'time flies when you enjoy it'
'But time freezes when you 're listening to Dr. Cooper 's lecture.' Someone took a picture and uploaded it to Flicker 's account (photo sharing site)

How can you get the whole classroom to give you the middle finger at the same time?
Apparently if it 's Sheldon just turn your back on them
L eonard your wireless gateway? I can 't connect
S heldon changed the password now 'P enny is a freelancer'

without spaces
Thanks what are you doing?
S heldon is at school tonight and we 're reading the comments
How is he doing?
Imagine the Hindenburg incident, Chernobyl incident, Three Mile Island incident and 'Tron: Legacy' happening at the same time

- so bad wow - read this girl 's twitter
'Listening to Dr. Cooper 's class made me want to self-harm again'
good evening Leonard H oward R aj free food
- How was the class? - In a nutshell

Really? Awesome?
Yes you should see those young people
Eager to draw knowledge from my wisdom
I may have changed someone 's life tonight
let me tell him
I don 't know. I seem to have promised Howrad.
- tell me what? - we should share this moment Raj show him
Twitter about my class

That 's so unfair
That 's vicious
And insects have six legs
What does this acronym for 'KMN' mean? In context it means 'Kill me!'
( K i l l   M e   N o w )
Everyone has the right to have an opinion
I 'm going to sleep
I didn 't mean to teach those idiots
Darth Vader seems to have said the same thing before developing the Death Star -= Eden Subtitle Station http://ytet.org/=- Honorary Produced
Translator: S tacormed Preserved Egg Greg Iotaro E velyn Lin Yunduidui Proofreading: Grandpa
Season 4, Episode 14


- Is S heldon still depressed? - Yeah, it 's weird
He didn 't want to teach at first
But those students really hit him, I understand
Like I accidentally went to a gay bar and no one approached me
not me . . . a friend of mine
How are you guys?
Leonard and I are fine but R aj should have a girlfriend
It shouldn 't be difficult, he 's so cute
Thank you but 'cute' is for bunny
I want to be 'sexy' like . . . like a labrador poodle

Labrador Poodle?
Maybe we should rediscover your crux
don 't listen to them you sexy
- Do you really think so? - Just a guy to you
thank you Bernadette
By the way, Labrador Poodles are hypoallergenic
Sexy for people allergic to animal dander
what do you think ?
Nice scene but I 'm still depressed
So what?

no
Okay, that 's all I can do
Did you know that since the deadly pull-up in March 1989
This lecture is my second failure
If this really bothers you
- Then do something - like? My first thought was to separate that part of the memory in my head
then destroy it with a laser
Well, no, if I miss it, I 'll have to go to the engineering department.
Working in pediatrics with Wolowitz
All right
So have you ever thought about improving your social skills?
Help you get along better with humans ?
Isn 't that something they should improve? I speak humorously
Makes sense, but in fact lecturing is a performance in which the teacher is responsible for the interaction
Also funny and attention-grabbing
I found out that you want to wake me up step by step
Can 't you just click directly?
Maybe you should take an acting class
Interesting acting class
It may be helpful to act to care about students and how well they are learning

Penny Penny Penny
what 's the matter ?
You 're an 'actor', right?
I 'm not an 'actor' I 'm an actor
ok you are an actor

- I want you to teach me - You want your last acting class?
Maybe twice I 'm going to the top
How did you come up with it? Someone suggested that learning acting could help me get a good class
And I 'm quite annoyed at the comments on Twitter and the blog
It was fun for me to see and I also printed some to stick on the fridge
- So when do we start? - Make it clear that you are begging me for help
Because I know some things that the smart Dr. Sheldon Cooper doesn 't
I think this is also a way of looking at the problem
I guess that 's the only angle
- Can you help me? - I 'm probably enjoying the foreplay.
Does this mean you won 't laugh at my acting career anymore? Sorry I thought I made the transition from actor to acting teacher
It 's a signal that an actor 's career is coming to an end
- Forget it - I 'll pay you $40
Bring cash on Saturdays at 9am

- R aj I have good news! - What 's the matter?
I just got a scholarship from the Weitzman Academy of Sciences in Israel
- Dude is so cool! - I know
The only problem is that I have to go for two years
I will miss you. Do you want to go with him?
I gotta stay here and go to school, that 's what we 're talking to you about
so Bernadette will need it
- What kind of needs? - Sexual needs
Most of them are common needs, but some are more difficult to handle.
Then you have to satisfy her when I 'm not here
what do you say ?
ok ok

What are you trying to think about?
The 'I 'm definitely not gay' thing


Penny!
Penny!
Penny!
- What 's wrong? - It 's alright, I 'm acting
- you were acting just now - yes
To prepare for today 's study I read 'The Actor 's Preparation' by Stanislavski
'The Art of Acting' by S tella A dler 'Respect for Acting' by Uta Hagen
And 'Ah I 'm an Actor' by Henry Winkler
Okay, come in
How do we start?
I think we 'll start with basic movement exercises
- Warm up first, you know.- Okay
So I need you to relax and move freely in space
Do something natural

S h e l d o n ?
You said it feels most natural to do something natural
Obviously more natural than what you are doing now
Come on, you have to cooperate with me, we have to communicate with our body P enny, my body and I are in good harmony
It 's good that we keep this calm and discreet relationship
Well, when the warm-up is over
You are the 'teacher' (you have the final say) so you can communicate with your students
have to act natural
So let 's improvise now
Okay, aren 't you just improvising the whole class?
- it 's about listening and answering - ok
I will assume a role and situation and you can play it together when you feel it
- good- good
Start

It 's not a movie, it 's an improv. Don 't say 'start'
hey you taught me something
Who can imagine it?
All right
Feed me the goods haven 't arrived yet I really need those shoes
They are my best seller
yes women size 6 - 10 thank you

I 'm sorry, I 'm going to hang up, there 's a customer bye
Hi, what do you need?
please give me an iced yogurt



- Yogurt? - Yes
Well, fortunately, we sell shoes and yogurt

you sure ?
yes look at the sign remember to always say 'yes' during improv
All right
Yes
I saw the sign that said 'Camarillo State Asylum'
What ?
You 're selling shoes and yogurt, that 's the only explanation I can think of
Well I think we should change the scene
This time we will play two drunkards who live under a highway overpass
- This time we 're going to use props - yes

I used to have a dream, I dreamed of being famous one day
Let the folks in my hometown know that I can do it too, but look at me now
- Not on the hour? - Is there iced yogurt?

I 'm still not used to the spelling of the sci-fi channel
Shouldn 't S - y - F - y be pronounced ' S iffy ' ?

Hey ?


- Oh my god, is he alright? - What 's the matter?
wait wait um ok thank you
Howard was in a car accident and his motorcycle hit a truck
His condition is not optimistic
No!

have you heard
- Have you seen him? - They won 't let me in my Howie
- it 's gonna be okay it 'll be okay- it 'll be okay it 'll be okay
is Howard
hello howard
Raj is that you?
Yes, my brother, how are you?
Listen to me I can 't stand it
don 't say that, you 'll be fine
R aj I 'm running out of time listen up
My last wish is for you to take care of Bernadette for me
Of course of course
By 'taking care' you mean . . .
- Sexually - sorry Bernadette had to tell him

sexuality
take care of you
I think all I have to do in my life is to have sex with you without any scruples
I understand that too


- Or say ' S y - fee ' - what ?
S - y - F - y   S y - f e e
oh yeah that 's nice

Did you read the script I gave you?
look bad
'Ju Men Qiao Women' is a classic
Mai Xiang Pai Tiao Bao is still a classic, not so good

Whatever you want, how do you want to learn situational acting?
I 'm glad you could ask me
I arbitrarily copied my 10-year-old Star Trek fanfiction
Adapted into a one-act play, do you think it 's better written than Tennessee Williams?
Why not let our descendants judge?
'Sheldon 's Unknown Journey' is the story of a teenager from East Texas who is transported into the 23rd century
where his talent is not only admired but celebrated
KMN ( kill me )
In this scene your mother as Sheldon is arguing with Mr Spock, the Confederate messenger
He will be played by me
Okay, it 's okay, but don 't play the role you 're good at
Why? 'Skilled' is not a good point to call for nothing. It allows you to play more, so I want you to play your mother
I 'll play Mr. Spock


What are you playing Spock?
It 's only logical (Spock classic line)

Very good, I will introduce the scene
OK
East Texas on a warm summer night
A woman Mary is standing in the corridor
Hear the shrill whistle from afar
Whisper of cicadas
The howl of wolves filled the boy with fear

- Deep in the woods screeching owls . . .
- Okay, I understand the scene, you set it up
Read your mother 's lines
S h e l l y !
Shelly! How many times have I told you
Don 't leave your science toys in the hallway
God I 'll never understand this kid but also I 'm a religious idiot who rejects a lot of things


Spock reports successful transmission of the enterprising number
Oh my God
Come on out! George don 't think I don 't know you have whiskey in that Pepsi can
Stop drinking and grab a gun!
Hello Mary Cooper I 'm Spock

I 'm sorry, I don 't think you 're acting like that
continue !
oh my god you startled me out of nowhere
We have been observing your son S heldon for a long time from the 23rd century
We think he 's good enough to join us
His unparalleled talent is the hope for peace in a vast and chaotic galaxy
To understanding
Shelly has someone to take you to the future!
Bring some more clean underwear for the last sentence

A little sobbing this time
- Why? - You 're losing your son
Yeah but he 's going to a better place where he won 't be bullied . . . so bad
please try my way
Pretend you 're sad to see him go and I 'll bring you in
His unparalleled talent is the hope for peace in a vast and chaotic galaxy
- it 's your turn - sorry i love that sentence so much
Although you said so
Come on, come on with some real emotion
. . . 'The Vast Galaxy of Chaos' begins
Shelly has someone to take you to the future!

Bring some clean underwear
good good continue
Mommy why are you crying? Because I will miss you Shelly Beanie
Although you always give me a headache
improvisation begins
I 'm sorry but that 's not my fault
I 'm just too smart, the people around me are dumber than rocks
Come on, don 't cry, get on the ship
Mommy is running late for the Indian Casino.
Ms. Cooper, I 'm P enny, and I seem to be driving your son 's nerves
Wait a minute and tell your mother
mommy i love you
Don 't let Spock take me to the future!

Raj I know you are avoiding me and Howard
Tell me what 's on your mind or I won 't go
*Blowing the trumpet like a wild elephant* *Blowing out my love for you*
*Like flowers to be placed*
*I exude a charming aroma*
*My heart burns for you like the sun* *My desert is waiting for your rainy season* *You are my heart*
*my universe*
*you are my heart*
*my universe*
*you are my heart*
*my universe*
*you are my heart*
*my universe*
*you are my heart*
*my universe*
Dance aside, I 'm not gay
Subtitles in this forum are only for translation and learning purposes. Any commercial use is prohibited. Otherwise, the consequences will be at your own risk- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Genius Theory Season 4 Episode 14 Ended
W a i t . . .
