 00 : 01 : 59, 440 -- > 00 : 02 : 00, 839 Hello , Mr Herriot .
 Hello , Tom .
 Good of you to help out the Dalbys like this .

 They 've always been good friends of my grandparents .

 Mrs Dalby 's up in t ' field .
 I 'll take you .
 Thanks , Tom .

 Morning , Mr Herriot .

 Thanks for coming out to see us .

 And thank you for being there yesterday .
 Billy was a good man .
 I wanted to pay my respects .
 Their breathing don 't sound right , Mr Herriot .

 They were really fit when they turned out earlier this month .
 Then , well ...
 Let 's have a look , then , shall we ?

 The stirks have got husk , I 'm afraid .
 For an older cow this may not be our problem but as they are still so young ...

 Aye , and what is husk , exactly ?

 Well , it 's a parasite .

 A tiny worm which infests the bronchial tubes and sets up bronchitis .

 The larvae climb up the blades of grass and the cattle eat them as they graze .

 Some pastures are badly affected with it .
 I 'm sorry but they 're pretty bad , Mrs Dalby .
 A mild attack isn 't so bad if you can get them off the grass right away but this has gone a long way beyond that .



 What can we do about it , Mr Herriot ?

 For a start , we can get them all inside immediately .

 Every mouthful of this grass is adding to the worm burden .

 Right you are , Mr Herriot .
 Can I ... tempt you with the last egg , Mrs H ?

 No thanks .
 Seems a shame to waste it .
 I thought you 'd be joining your friends down in London for the cricket .

 Yes , I thought so too but unfortunately tickets require money and money requires wages , neither of which I possess .



 So instead , my plan is three uninterrupted days with my feet up , the radio on and a lovely , cool glass of ...

 Well , it took all of five hours but Gladys produced a whopping 18 piglets .

 Darrowby record , I believe .
 Smells like one , too .

 They need cleaning .
 Get them off .
 Any chance of some breakfast ?

 I can make you a bacon sandwich .
 And those .

 Think I 've had enough pig for one day .
 Got any eggs ?
 You can have the rest of this one if you like .
 So I 'm out working my trousers off while you 're lazing around stuffing your face with my hard- earned eggs ?

 Such is life , big brother .
 Such is life .

 Go and get changed .
 I 'll make you some toast .

 You really didn 't need to go to all this trouble .
 Nonsense .
 I hope that tea isn 't too strong for you .
 It 's perfect .

 Thank you , Mrs Dalby .

 I 'll be back up tomorrow to check on the stirks .
 Meanwhile , it 's very important that you keep them inside .
 Oh .
 But they 'll need feeding .
 Well , at this point ,

 I would start by giving them the best possible food - good hay and high- protein cake .

 Cake ?
 That 's expensive stuff , isn 't it ?

 And if we give them the hay now , we 'll need to buy more for winter .
 I know but a good diet is our best hope at this stage .

 And they can 't go out to feed on the grass ever ?
 No .
 I 'm sorry , not on those fields .

 If it was a mild attack , you could have turned them out after the dew had left in the mornings but that 's not the case here .



 Right .

 Well , thank you , Mr Herriot .
 We know where we are anyway .
 Billy , love , why don 't you take your brother outside for a kickaround ?
 Have we got a young Gordon Hodgson in the making ?
 He 's my favourite player .
 Good choice .
 Go on , Billy , love .

 Oi , you .

 Excuse me .
 Come on .
 So cheeky .
 Do you think we can save them ?
 Well ... we can always hope .

 Funny .
 That 's what my Billy always used to say .
 He was ever the optimist .
 Even when the doctor said it was cancer ,

 Billy still insisted he 'd be fine .
 Time is so fleeting , Mr Herriot .

 Any other calls come in ?

 Nothing .

 Shame .
 I guess we will be taking a day off .
 Not so fast .

 Equipment needs polishing .
 Done .
 Well , then , the medicines need topping up .
 Done .

 All done .
 Play starts in five minutes , Mrs H.

 Wait a minute .
 Wait a minute . What about the ... ?


 What 's wrong with Tristan enjoying the cricket ?
 He spent all last night polishing and topping things up .
 There 's always more to be done .
 Lambing season 's almost over .
 Summer 's our quietest time of year .

 Surely the lad 's earned a day or two off now .
 Earned ?

 Well , now he 's passed his exams and all .

 Oh !

 James , I 'm so sorry .
 I didn 't see you there .
 I 've probably had worse flung at me .
 I wanted to drop in and see how you were after yesterday .

 Oh , I 'm all right , thanks .
 It 's Phyilis we 're worried about .

 I was just over there now .
 Her stirks have got husk .

 Oh , on top of everything else .
 We offered to help her out with the kids but she 's determined she can manage .

 Our Jenny was around the same age as Billy when my mam died .
 All the things that family never got to do together .

 Now they never will .

 Must have brought back a lot of painful memories .

 Life 's cruel sometimes .

 Be seeing you again soon ?
 I hope so .

 What are you doing tomorrow night ?

 Going out with you by the sounds of it .

 I could pick you up at seven ?

 I 'd like that .
 Thank you .
 What on earth ?
 Tristan , just the man .
 Help me carry these out to the barn .
 What 's going on ?
 You 'll see .

 Now , one cannot be a great vet until one has reared one 's own animals .

 Funny , never heard that one before .
 Mm- hm .
 So here you are , Tristan .

 Meet your new brood .
 Wait , what ?

 May I suggest you make a start building a nest box for them ?
 A nest box ?
 Nothing like a fresh egg , warm from the nest .

 Hang on , how come James never had to rear his own animals ?

 This better not be a flock of sheep .
 Is Uncle Herriot here ?
 No , Uncle ...
 Mr Herriot is not here , I 'm afraid .

 As I 'm sure you 're aware , Mrs Pumphrey is attending the Test match in London and I am under strict instruction to deposit Tricki Woo into his guardianship for the duration .



 I 'm sure Mr Farnon can provide temporary guardianship until Uncle Herriot returns .

 Most kind .
 Now the evening sun sends long shadows over the gasometers ,
 Hutton has reached 150 and , with Leyland by his side , looks like going on to 1, 000 .

 Oh , thought you were Siegfried .
 Since when do we have hens ?
 Since my big brother decided I need to rear my own animals .

 What for ?
 Exactly .
 I thought now that I 'm a fully qualified vet he 'd finally stop hectoring me .

 Perhaps he just doesn 't know how to yet .
 I don 't know .
 Doesn 't seem to matter what I do , it 's never enough .
 Then why don 't you try standing up to him ?
 Worked for me .

 You make it sound easy .
 Perhaps it is .

 Have you met my brother ?

 What is this supposed to be ?

 A nest box ?

 Give it here .

 How was your visit to the Dalbys ?
 It 's not looking good .

 Oh , dear .
 This is Maggie , by the way .
 Say hello , Maggie .
 And , oh , look , this one here is Brenda .

 Let me guess - they 're all named after your ex- girlfriends .
 No , not at all .
 Here she is .

 This is Helen , especially for you , James .
 Who knows ?
 This one might even let you take her out .
 I 'll have you know that Helen and I are going out on a date tomorrow night .

 James !
 That 's fantastic ... Sorry ... news !


 And where are you taking the lovely Helen ?
 Probably just the Drovers .
 The Drovers ?

 Look , tomorrow is your big chance to finally impress Helen .

 You should take her to the Renniston .
 Trust me , women like to be wined and dined .

 Seems a bit grand .

 Can 't you see it , Jim ?

 The music oozing out of Benny Thornton 's trombone and you full of champagne , and Helen leaning across the table , the look of love in her eyes .



 Oh , kiss me , Helen .
 Oh , OK .

 Maybe .

 I mean , after Hugh , she is probably more used to the finer things in life .

 You still at it ?

 Sorry .

 I 'm still struggling to find anything that might help Mrs Dalby .

 Don 't worry .

 Here , I 'll make a fresh pot .

 Oh , Mrs Hall , do you have a spare stamp ?

 Leave it here and I 'll post it for you .

 Thank you .

 How is your mother ?
 Still struggling .
 I 'm just trying to help out where I can but it 's ...
 I 'm sure she 's grateful for any help you can manage .
 It still doesn 't feel like it 's enough .
 To be honest , I just ...

 I still have no idea what I 'm supposed to do about the Glasgow job .

 Tricki 's finally grown on you , then ?
 Like a fungus .

 Well , he 's definitely taken a shine to you .

 I assure you I 've given him absolutely no reason to .
 Could say the same about Tristan .

 He 'd follow you to the ends of the earth .
 Only to push me off .

 How are Phyilis 's stirks getting on ?
 Not good .

 It 's the worst case of husk I think I 've seen .
 Where are you up to ?
 So we 've taken the stirks off the field and I 've suggested a diet of hay and cake .
 Mm- hm .

 But without an effective treatment to speak of ,

 I 'm a bit lost as to what else I can do to try and save them .
 Perhaps you can 't save them .

 Every problem has a solution .
 I just need to find it .
 I take it you 've given them the throat injection .
 That 's just an old farmer 's tale .

 Don 't say that to their faces .
 I don 't want to give her any more false hope than I already have done .
 And there 's not much evidence to suggest it actually helps .
 There 's not much evidence that it doesn 't help either .
 So what have you got to lose ?

 Morning , all .
 Morning . Morning , Tristan .


 Fresh eggs coming right up .
 We 'll make a poulterer of you yet .

 Good morning , ladies .

 What have you got for me today , then , hey ?

 They 're just getting used to their new home .
 Poppycock , they 're chickens .

 They don 't know their beak from their feet .
 It 's your job to know what 's best for them .
 My job - exactly .

 And I say they just need a bit of time and they 'll figure it out for themselves .
 What they need is guidance .

 Find yourself something resembling an egg then put it in the nest ...
 No .

 No , what ?
 No , I 'm not listening to you any more .
 You put me in charge of these hens so I 'm going to do it my way .

 You 're being ridiculous .

 And I can guarantee that by tomorrow morning , these hens will have eggs coming out of their ... .. ears .



 Wh ...
 Oh , God damn it , you stupid bloody animal .
 God !

 Morning , Mrs Dalby .
 Hello . How are they today ?


 Still fighting .
 I 've been giving them the cake and hay like you said .

 I emptied my penny jar to pay for cake .
 You 're a good lad , Billy .
 Your dad would be proud .

 Hey , Billy , give us a hand with this .

 I actually dipped into the family savings to pay for the cake .

 But Billy was so desperate to help that I let him think we used his pennies .

 Probably scatter them on the farm when he 's not looking ,

 let him think he 's found more .

 What about a throat injection ?
 Farmers round here swear by it .

 We could try .

 It 's a mix of chloroform , turpentine and creosote .

 There 's no guarantee that it will help but ...
 We can always hope .

 Right , Mr Herriot ?
 Right , aye .

 It 's nothing serious .
 Just a small cut , by the looks of it .
 Well , thank God for that .

 Mrs Pumphrey would have our guts for garters .
 That 'll teach him to get involved with the chickens .
 Will it ?
 What ?

 You know very well , what .

 If you 'd left well alone , none of this would have happened .

 How is it my fault that he ... ?
 All he wants to do is make you proud but you set these standards for him that are impossible to meet .

 If you just left him to it once in a while , maybe he 'd surprise you .

 We 're not talking about Tricki Woo any more , are we ?
 We 're simple folk , really , Mr Farnon .
 We all just want the occasional pat on the head .
 Isn 't that right , Tricki ?

 Hm ?
 Mm ?
 Thanks for helping us with all of this , Mr Herriot .
 Yeah , thank you , Mr Herriot .

 Not at all .
 You did all the hard work .

 I had the easy job .

 Mr Herriot !
 Mrs Dalby !

 Hey , Billy , why don 't you give me a hand to fetch them some more hay ?

 I 'm so sorry .
 I 'm not a farmer .
 Billy was the farmer .
 He knew everything there was to know and he was so proud the life we 'd built here and I 'm letting him down .

 Phyilis , you 're not letting anyone down .

 I know it can feel like that sometimes but you 're doing the best you can .

 But what if my best isn 't good enough ?
 What you 're trying to do here is hard .
 Anyone would doubt themselves .
 Mum , are we going to be all right ?

 Come here , love .
 Of course we are .
 Here we go , James .
 All fresh and aired .
 Thanks , Mrs H.

 Oh , very handsome .
 It 'll be a miracle if they make it through the night .
 Having been proved wrong more than once ,
 I 've learned never to underestimate the resilience of nature .

 Right , well , I best be off .
 Cheerio .
 Good luck .
 Oh ...

 Wait a sec .
 I 've posted your letter for you .
 Thanks .

 I know it 's hard but you 've done what you can today for Phyilis and your mother .

 Now go have a wonderful time with Helen .
 It 's important .
 Mr Ingledew .
 Good evening .

 I presume this is yours .
 I saw them arrive yesterday .
 Tristan ?
 Tristan !
 Thanks , James .
 Come on , Annabel , let 's get you home .

 God !

 That was close .

 Damn it .

 Oh , no !
 Damn it .
 Oh , dear .

 You 'd better come in , James .

 Oh , dear , indeed .
 The car ran into a bit of a ditch on the way over .

 Perhaps you can borrow a pair of my dad 's shoes .
 Oh , no , that 's quite all right .
 You can 't go out like that .

 Dad , lend James some shoes and socks , will you ?

 There 's really no need ...
 Nonsense . Dad don 't mind .


 Here .
 You can wipe your trousers down with this . Thanks .


 There you go .
 My old dancing shoes .

 Been a while since they 've had an outing .

 Oh ...
 Honestly , I 'll be fine .
 Are they not to your liking , James ?

 No , no , these are ...

 They 're perfect .

 Thank you , Mr Alderson .

 Aye .

 I 'll go see what Helen 's up to .
 James is here .

 Can you make sure dad checks the tarpaulin on the barn roof and make sure ... ?
 Stop worrying . Go enjoy yourself .


 Me and Dad will be just fine without you .

 Sorry , James .
 I thought we could go to the Renniston for dinner .
 No , you look ... .. perfect . I should go and get changed , then .





 Go on , then .
 Don 't want to be late for the Renniston .
 I won 't be late .
 Enjoy yourself , love .
 Goodbye .

 I 'll get it !
 Tristan !
 I give you this simple , little job one would have thought even you would be hard put to make a mess of it and look at the situation .

 Not one solitary egg have we seen , the bloody hens are flying about the place like pigeons and we are now permanently estranged from our neighbours .



 I 'm sorry , Siegfried .
 I 'm sure I put the latch down .
 I always double- check .
 I don 't ... .. want to hear it .
 Just ... try not to burn the house down while I 'm out .
 Who 's up for games night ?
 Sorry , Mrs Hall , I 'm out with Diana tonight .

 In fact ... .. I 'm running late as it is .

 I 've got to see a man ... .. about a chicken .

 Sorry , Mrs H.
 Right ...
 Just me then , is it ?
 Thank you .
 Miss Alderson , how lovely to see you again .
 Hello .
 Would you care for a table , sir ?
 Yes , please .

 Table for two .

 This way , please .
 Excuse me ?

 How 's Phyilis getting on ?

 She lost one of her stirks when I was there today .

 Oh , James , I 'm so sorry .
 That must have been difficult for you both .
 I just wish I 'd seen them sooner .

 She might have had a fighting chance a week ago .
 Well , you 're there now , and if anyone can pull it off , it 's Phyilis .

 I just worry it 's too little , too late .

 It 's not like you to give up so easily .

 You didn 't see her today .

 She 's already having to use her winter supply of hay and spending money that she doesn 't have on expensive cake .

 I just want to give her any more false hope .
 I 'm sorry .
 I shouldn 't be burdening you with all of this .
 You 're not burdening me .

 It 's nice that you care .

 Farming 's a tough life .

 So much loss and hardship .
 It 's bloody hard work .
 Do you ever think you could leave ?

 Do something different ?
 Me ?

 I think about it all the time .

 I think what it might be like to not have dirt under my fingernails every day , not have to worry about money , or shovel muck .

 Thank you .
 Thank you .
 I 've been thinking about Phyilis and farming and what you were saying just now and ... and ...

 And what , James ?
 Well , perhaps it doesn 't have to be a struggle ... .. for Phyilis .

 All the other farmers think she should sell the farm and maybe they 're right .
 Maybe it 's not too late .
 She could sell up , move away , make a fresh start somewhere new .
 All the memories of Billy are tied up in that farm .
 All the boy 's memories .

 That would mean her leaving behind everything she 's ever known .
 It 's what I had to do .

 That 's different .
 You made a choice to come here .

 It doesn 't mean it was easy .
 My life was in Glasgow , my friends , my family .

 It 's not the same .

 Why not ?
 Because I 'm not a farmer ?
 Because your life isn 't the ground under your feet .
 You haven 't poured blood , sweat and tears into the soil you plough .
 You haven 't raised animals from birth knowing they could be taken from your any moment and , with them , your livelihood .

 I feel like you 're making my argument for me .
 Billy Dalby took on that farm from his father , and his father before him .
 It 's young Billy 's birthright .
 So long as there 's something left to inherit .
 So you can see yourself ever leaving , then ?
 Well , I 'm not going to live with my dad forever but I could never be too far away .

 I can 't expect you to understand that .

 No .

 You 're probably right .

 Is there a spare one of those going ?
 Coming right up .
 Its not the good stuff I 'm afraid , Siegfried would kill me .

 As long as it 's strong and large , I don 't care .
 Want to talk about it ?
 Not really .
 What have you been up to ?
 The usual - disappointing Siegfried , annoying the neighbours , creating avian anarchy .

 Siegfried still on your case then ?
 I think it 's his life 's work to be on my case .
 His magnum opus will be the utter destruction and destitution of his little brother .

 Did you try standing up to him , like I suggested ?
 I did , yes .
 Now it 's made everything worse .

 But I 've got a plan .
 Won 't it feel like a shallow victory ?

 A victory is a victory nonetheless .
 Hello .
 Look at that !

 He 's only gone and bloody done it .

 The taste of a fresh egg , can 't beat it .
 Are you heading up to the Dalby 's today ?
 Unfortunately , yes .

 I have no idea what to say to the poor woman .
 I could see the look of hope on her face when I gave the stirks the throat injection .

 I don 't know .

 I just don 't feel like I 'm being honest .

 Honesty is the best policy .
 Of course , the throat injection was never going to work .
 What ?
 But you were the one that told me to give it to them .
 This isn 't about the injection .
 Look , it 's the worst part of the job when you realise everything is in the lap of the gods .

 But at least now you can look Phyilis in the eye and tell her you have tried absolutely everything .

 And as long as you 've tried everything , then you 've done your job .

 You 'll find the right thing to say , I have no doubt .
 Thanks , Siegfried .
 I know that I can set these high standards at times , and perhaps come across as slightly overbearing ...

 Slightly .

 It 's only because I want the best for you both .

 And , Tristan , maybe I should trust you a bit more .

 And ... .. recognise your successes when you have them .

 It 's a week 's wage .
 Well done .
 You were right about the hens and you 've more than proved yourself of late .

 Thanks , Siegfried .

 You 've earned it .

 Actually , I 've got a confession to make .
 I think I 'd better get going .
 Confession ?

 It 's just , I wanted so desperately to make you proud and do something right for a change and ...

 .. I lied .

 I bought the eggs from the grocers and planted them in the nest box last night .

 Here .
 Right ...

 Take it .

 We all make mistakes .

 The thing is to forgive and ... .. learn from them .

 What mistakes ?
 Well , it might have been me that left the barn door open .
 In my defence , Tricky had just been attacked and ...
 I suppose that makes us even , doesn 't it ?

 Does it ?
 I 'd take it if I were you .
 I 'll get it .
 Thanks , Siegfried .

 I see you 've lost another one .

 We have .
 But Mrs Dalby 's sure she noticed an improvement in the others ' appetite .

 That must be a good sign .

 Let 's go have a look at them , shall we ?
 How are they looking , Mr Herriot ?

 I wish I had some better news , but they 're still very sick .
 Now , I know you 've told me not to turn the young beasts out onto the field any more , but isn 't there a way around it ?

 Perhaps it could help to get them back outside .
 No , I 'm sorry .

 Until there 's a vaccine , there 's no way of safeguarding them against husk .

 Then we will just have to find another solution .
 I ...

 Mrs Dalby , this is what I 've been meaning to talk to you about .

 I 've been giving the matter a great deal of thought and , well , you 've lost so much already ...

 I just couldn 't live with myself if I didn 't give you my honest opinion .

 I see .

 I 'm so sorry .
 I really am , but we 've tried everything now , and there 's still a very real chance you could end up losing the entire herd .

 So there 's a chance that we might not then ?
 A slim one , yes .
 I 've given you so much false hope already .

 I really think that now your best course of action is to sell the farm before it 's too late .

 There 's nothing false about hope , Mr Herriot .

 Yes , but ...
 I appreciate your honesty , I do .

 But I 've been giving it a great deal of thought too , and I understand the risk involved .

 But , when I look around ... .. I don 't just see the things I 've lost or might lose ,

 I see everything I have .
 I see my boys .
 How I have so much worth fighting for still .

 And I owe it to them , to my family , not to give up .

 Even if it is the slimmest of chances , I 'll take it .
 I might not have been able to save my husband , Mr Herriot , but I can save our farm .

 Our home .
 So we 're staying put .
 Like my Billy always used to say , only them as has them can lose them .

 Now , come on , you must have one of these scones , they 're fresh from the oven .

 That 's it , that 's the record .
 He 's done it !

 Brilliant , brilliant .
 Wonderful .
 I 'll get it .

 Tricky , Mummy 's here .
 Darling , dearest boy , how have you been ?

 Mrs Pumphrey , do come in .

 Thank you .

 Forgive my early arrival , our separation became far too unbearable .

 Quite all right .
 I 'll fetch some tea .

 Do sit down , Mrs Pumphrey .
 Allow me .
 Thank you .
 I so appreciate his Uncle Herriot looking after him so well .

 Where is our dear James ?

 Out on a call , I 'm afraid .

 Oh , what a pity .
 How was your trip ?
 Hutton and Leyland made quite the pair .

 I almost dropped my binoculars in all the excitement .
 We just heard , Hutton beat Bradman 's record .
 Terrific !
 Which reminds me , I do hope you are practising your inswinger , ready for my little cricket match this summer .

 Of course , wouldn 't miss it for the world , Mrs Pumphrey .

 Wonderful .

 Look , Tricky , your favourite .
 He does love a home- made biscuit .
 They 're actually for you , Mrs Pumphrey .

 Oh , I only eat a Fortnum myself .
 But Tricky is a little less fussy .

 And how was my darling boy been ?
 I do hope he has behaved himself .
 Well ...
 Honesty ...

 Yes , um ...

 Truth be told , there was a slight incident .

 I took temporary charge of Tricky while James ...
 While Uncle Herriot was on a call , turned my back for a second and Tricky did receive a tiny peck from one of our hens .



 I take full responsibility , I 'm terribly sorry .

 Tricky always goes completely cracker- dog when there 's a chicken in sight .

 Tricky woo- lally I call it .

 I couldn 't tell you what he has against them but that will be the fifth peck he has had this year .

 Oh , right .
 Perhaps it 's because he 's an only dog .

 I do think that an only develops more prejudices than one from a large family .

 Wouldn 't you agree ?

 Try not to be upset .

 You will see your uncles again very soon .

 And the pain of parting is nothing to the joy of meeting again .
 Thank you .
 Good day , Mrs Pumphrey .

 Goodbye , Tricky .
 Oh , of course , Tricky , yes , where are my manners ?

 Francois , would you mind ?
 You reminded me ...
 To say thank you .
 Oh .

 To his Uncle Herriot .

 The kippers - exquisite .

 Right , home , please , Francois .

 Toodle- oo .
 Bye- bye .

 Come on !
 Phyilis lost another stirk .
 A few more are on their way out .
 But she is determined to keep going , even if it 's only with half a herd .

 You were right .

 I get it now , and I 'm sorry about ...
 This was my mum 's favourite spot up here on this roof .
 Used to come up here at lunchtime and eat our sandwiches .
 She 'd point out different parts of the farm and tell me ,

 " That 's where you scraped your knee trying to jump over the bales . "
 " That 's where you helped out with your first lambing . "
 " And that spot there ... "
 " .. that 's where I told your dad I were pregnant with you . "
 " And his grin filled his whole face . "

 Subtitles by Red Bee Media
