The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes
Season 2 Episode 1
Copper Beech Case

What 's the problem? A man who loves art for art 's sake
Often the greatest pleasure is derived from the least important and mundane performance
Oh Sherlock Holmes you can say what you want. Watson, I am pleased to observe that you have so far grasped this truth.
Given your little record of our case
and well recorded
Still, I 'd say I need to polish it up every now and then.
you should highlight
Not just those famous cases and blockbuster trials
Although I broke it
More attention should be paid to ordinary and trivial cases. These cases give people ample room for reasoning and logical induction.
That 's where I shine. Thank you for telling me about this Sherlock Holmes.
you 're wrong maybe . . . you 're just wrong
look lively
not focus on narrative
Rigorous reasoning about the cause and effect relationship between things is actually the only noticeable quality of things

every time you choose to smoke this pipe
always eloquent
But I think the description of you in it is appropriate and unbiased.
no no no . . . I am neither selfish nor arrogant if I insist that you write more about my craft
That 's because crime is common and logical reasoning is the rare thing
So you should elaborate on the reasoning in it
rather than the crime itself
You teach something that is supposed to be taught as a course
Relegated to a series of stories. Actually, Sherlock Holmes, I don 't think my poor work deserves such a review.
They made your name a household name after all.
spit my dear friend
These publics . . . these ill-observed publics
You can 't tell a weaver 's profession by his teeth, nor a man 's left thumb to tell he 's a typesetter. How could they care about the nuances of analysis and reasoning?
But in fact I don 't blame you if you write worthless
Gone are the days of great cases after all
People who are at least criminals have lost their sense of adventure and innovation
Oh sure no sure that 's it
As for my small business, it has degenerated into an agency.
Help people find lost pencils
Or advise boarding school girls
My dear friend, how can you say that
I feel like my career has finally hit rock bottom.
But I think this note that I got this morning really means I 'm screwed
Oh my god, who sent it?
'My dear Mr. Holmes, I am anxious to consult you
I don 't know if I should accept
A governess post tomorrow morning at half past ten I will visit the house if it is convenient
Your faithful Violet Hunter'

I must admit to reading your letter
I have some doubts about Miss Hunter
because of what you 're asking
It 's not really in my business, yes I know
But I 'm sure you 'll forgive me for interrupting because my recent experience has been so strange
Is it because I have neither parents nor relatives and no one can advise me
So I thought you might be able to
tell me what to do
I 'm glad to serve you
please keep talking
There is a famous governess agency in the west end
It 's called the Western Way and I 've been going once a week lately
Want to see if there is a suitable position for me there Miss Stopa is the manager there

She sits in her office and the ladies looking for a job will wait in the front hall
and then led into the house one by one
she will consult her booklet
See if there is a job for them
Miss Green has been registered for several years and her resume is excellent
In fact, if it weren 't for her employer
Suddenly back to Kuala Lumpur
she won 't sit here today and let you choose
Her previous employer was quite satisfied with her
Thank you Miss Green






ah this can be


I couldn 't find anything better than this
oh great great
Great, please sit down, Miss Hunter, are you looking for a job?
Yes, sir
- To be a governess? - Yes sir, what salary do you ask for before I was at Colonel Spencer Munro 's house
She earns four pounds a month and the colonel wrote her an excellent letter of recommendation, Mr. Lucaster.
Oh I have no doubt no doubt
But if four pounds a month is too much to you . . . too much? Oh tsk tsk
How could anyone give such a beautiful and accomplished lady
offer such a low salary
My accomplishments, sir, may not be as good as you think
Know a little French and German a little bit of music and painting . . . oh tsk tsk these are not the main issues
The question is do you have
The manner and demeanor of a lady I mean in general
I would also like to have the gentle qualities Mr. If you don 't have one
It is not suitable for you to bring a child who is destined to have a bright future because of his birth and quality.
But if you have these qualities as a gentleman
How can I wrong you with less than three-digit treatment?
three figures sir your salary madam
Initially £100 a year
I hardly know what to say
And my usual practice is to give the young ladies a little advance
so they can pay
travel and clothing expenses
Thank you, sir
Can I ask where you live? Lovely country copper beech in Hampshire
5 miles from Winchester
There is the cutest country
My dear lady, there 's the best old country house, so what 's my duty, sir?
I would like to know what the responsibilities are
Babysitting a child, a six-year-old naughty is too cute
Miss Stoppar, if you see him
How to hit cockroaches with slippers
then my only responsibility
Just looking after a child? Oh no no no
not the only dear lady
oh what else
uh your duty and I 'm sure anyone you know so well should know that is to follow my wife 's orders
Did you mean 'commands'? If any, yes these commands are any lady
should be complied with
no problem, no matter what
I 'd be happy to serve you
very good
Like dress, we have our own taste
You know Miss Hunter is different but no malice
if we want you to wear
our clothes for you
You wouldn 't object to our little quirk, would you?
Or tell you to sit here or sit there you won 't be offended
Do not
Or let you cut your hair short before coming to our house?
Do you have to cut your hair very short? Well, that 's probably not possible.
I think this is necessary
This is a little favorite of my wife
Ladies ' little favorites, young ladies
Ladies ' small preferences are a must to consider
Then you won 't cut your hair
Yes, I 'm afraid not, sir, that 's a pity

In other respects you are really suitable
In that case, Miss Stopa, I 'd better look at the other ladies here.


Miss Hunter, would you like to keep your name with us? Miss Stopper if you can.
uh? can 't seem to help you
Since you 've turned down the best job like this, you can 't expect us to do our best for you
Going to find another such a good job
Sorry Miss Stopa but my hair . . .
goodbye miss hunter why the hell does he have to let you cut your hair? i don 't know
is very strange
As you can see Mr. Holmes
My hair is a bit thick and has a very special chestnut color
With all due respect and very aesthetically pleasing, everyone always thinks so, I really don 't want to be so rash
sacrifice a hair for it
Actually I don 't think it should be done
Oh, that 's exactly what I thought
The second day I started to feel like I made a mistake and by the third day I was more convinced
Because I received a letter from that gentleman, I brought it for you to read.
'Dear Miss Hunter: Miss Stoppar kindly gave me your address
to enable me to write to inquire
Have you reconsidered your decision We would like to give you £30 per quarter
That 's £120 a year
To make up for your little inconvenience with our unique taste'
What about your hair? He still insists on his request
'As for your hair, it 's definitely a pity
in the meeting with you
I can 't help but admire its beauty, but I 'm afraid I have to stick to it
I just hope these salary increases make up for your losses'
Okay, I 've decided to take the job
But I think before the final promise
Gotta tell you the whole situation
Please help me think about it
Dear Miss Hunter, now that you have made up your mind
that 's settled
But anytime you feel
Suspect you are in danger . . . danger? Did you foresee any danger?
Seems like a danger, if only we could tell what it was
But anytime, day or night
Just send a telegram and I 'll rush to help you right away
that 's enough
I will write to Mr. Lucaster right away
Then set off safely to Hampshire
thanks
uh sherlocks
If it was my own sister I wouldn 't let her go






That 's my guy named Toller and he wants to make this place safer
But you look a little uneasy, Miss Hunter, Mr. Lucaster.
very good




you should be edward
I 've been looking forward to seeing you, Master Edward
This is your new governess Miss Hunter
oh i see you got a present for miss hunter
well done good shot
Is that a copper beech, Mr. Lucaster?
It 's all dead. Miss Hunter is almost dead.
we 're here, come in, come in
Mrs. Toller, this is Miss Violet Hunter
Master Edward 's new governess

hello miss hunter
Your room is ready. Thank you. Go Toller. Unload the car.
Miss Hunter is waiting for you to clear away the fatigue of the journey
I 'll show you around our Copper Beech Lodge
This is a really big mansion, Mr. Lucaster.
Yes, the vast estate is in need of protection
Look here if it 's pretty and don 't be afraid Miss Hunter is just Carol my mastiff
I call it 'mine' . . . actually
Toller is the only one who can handle it. He let it out at night. The intruders only pray for God 's blessing.
We can 't feed it too much once a day
so that it can be as hot as mustard
For God 's sake, Miss Hunter must never cross that threshold at night under any excuse.
Then you won 't die


Mrs Lucaster will be here soon
She 's going to tell you herself
How glad she was that you accepted the job
Your salary is really generous, Mr. Fang
I 'm a little curious about those conditions though
For my little hobby?
Yes
but nothing
My wife especially likes a dull iron blue
she wants you indoors in the morning
just wear this color
But I don 't have such clothes
we have one
Whether to sit here or there
or to have fun in a designated way
That won 't inconvenience you, will it?
Will not
hello miss hunter
I 'm sorry I didn 't come to meet you
feeling sick
are you better now
much better thank you
I was telling Miss Hunt about the blue dress
I think it should fit you well











What kind of desperate situation would make her send such a letter of help?
I can think of seven different explanations, each related to what we already know
Well, which one do you prefer? Sherlock Holmes, I have no particular inclination at the moment.
What I want is information
Oh it 's nice to get away from the thick Baker Street fog every now and then and what a lovely little farm these are
Don 't you think they are beautiful and fresh?
you know watson
have a brain like mine
It 's just that suffering has to be against everything you see
have to scrutinize
But it didn 't
Diminishes the beauty of the scenery here
you see these houses scattered all over the place
Impressed by their beauty
And my only thought when I saw them was
they are far away from each other
Just give criminals a chance
Omg who would associate crime with these lovely old houses?
they always fill me with fear
Watson 's view is my experience
In London 's nastiest alleys
The crime committed is not as heinous as the case in this beautiful country, if this young lady asked us for help.
live in winchester
Then I won 't worry about her anymore
But she lives 5 miles away in the country and that 's the danger




what about sherlock holmes
Without data we cannot draw conclusions
Please go on to Miss Hunter
first
I have to say that on the whole Mr and Mrs Lucaster treated me well
But they always make me uneasy
And I don 't understand what they do
what 's keeping you from understanding
The reason for their behavior the first two days I arrived at Copper Beech
life is peaceful
After breakfast on the third day, I went downstairs
Found Mr and Mrs Lucaster in the studio
lucaster told me
A bright blue dress is already in my bedroom
He asked me to wear it and I did








That 's great. Miss Hunter is great. You agree.
It doesn 't fit better like it was made for you please sit down Miss Hunter
It 's so perfect. If you don 't mind, please take a seat here, Miss Hunter.
Sit over there now please sit over there and it 's fine, you 're still comfortable
Yes, Thanks

How long do you want me to sit here sir
An hour, maybe a little longer, but I promise you it won 't be a boring hour
Let 's see how to cheer you up. Do you like jokes, Miss Hunter?
Oh yes
So let me tell you a few
And it 's all true stories. Let me tell you about George.
His personality is the most special there is a guy who wants to go to Winchester and George is a very eccentric guy
You might mistake him for a scarecrow with his legs turned out
His arms just stretched out, his head shaved like a turnip
Wearing a very special hat
And then Mr. Lucaster was walking back and forth across the room
told me a lot
Funniest story I 've never heard before
You can 't imagine how funny he is I 'm tired of laughing
Two days later the same thing happened again
This is God 's peace no one can understand
oh is the hour up yet time flies and happy sir oh glad you said that
But it 's time for you to work
Go get dressed and look after Mr. Edward Holmes Jr. in the nursery as you can easily imagine
I was so curious and wanted to know what this extraordinary performance meant.
My face has been turned away from the window
So I really want to know
what happened behind my back
to the next time
I managed to hide a mirror in my hand

oh george i can 't tell you . . . halfway through laughing i grab a handkerchief and wipe my eyes
So take some effort
see everything behind me
but nothing
At least that 's what it looks like at first glance
But one more look and I feel a bearded man leaning against the railing of the clearing fence
Looking up eagerly at the house
I lowered my handkerchief a little and glanced at Mrs. Lucastel and saw that she was looking at me inquiringly
She didn 't say anything but I know she found the mirror in my hand
Jeff Lowe has a rude stranger
Staring at Miss Hunter, really?
Not your friend, Miss Hunter
no i have no acquaintance here
Oh my gosh what a rudeness it was unbearable Miss Hunter turned away gently
Signal him to go away, but what would be better if we just ignored him and let him keep wandering around here?
Don 't turn around and Miss Hunter waved at him like this


That was a week ago
I haven 't sat by the window since then
Never wore that blue dress again
Never saw the man with the beard
But something else happened
Something that makes you anxious to get us here, right?
yes yes oh mr holmes
I 've never been so afraid
Don 't be nervous Miss Hunter
Calm down and tell us what happened
This house has a loft
It seems no one lives
A door across the passage from the Torre family 's residence
Right up to this attic
But it 's always locked
I didn 't get a chance until yesterday
go behind that door
Is it Torre?
Yes





















it 's you
I saw the door was open and guessed it was you
I am really scared
oh my dear lady oh my dear lady what makes you so scared
Dear girl? I am so stupid
Climbed up this closed tower, did you notice it was closed?
Photography is one of my hobbies and I made a darkroom on it
What an observant lady I met In the dim light it seemed so lonely and grotesque
I got scared and ran out
I 'm so scared
Is it just that?
What 's the matter? Yes, what do you think?
Do you know why I locked that door? I just don 't want to let unrelated people in
do you understand
I 'm sure if I knew it . . .
you know now
If you dare to step on this threshold again
I 'll throw you to the mastiff
I 'm so scared I don 't know what to do
Then I thought of you Mr. Holmes
I easily took leave this morning
came to Winchester
But I have to be back by three o 'clock
Because the Lucasters all night
go out to visit friends
so i have to babysit that kid
Now I have told you all about my adventure, Mr. Holmes
what do you think that means what should i do
Does this scary kid Edward have friends?
some
An equally unflattering kid living in a farmhouse
great
Dr. Watson and I will be at half past four
Arrived on time in Copper Beech
But before that
I want you to do a thing or two
Miss Hunter, if I don 't think you 're a special girl
I wouldn 't ask you to do that either














mrs toller
Mrs. Toller, I think Edward locked himself in the cellar
in the cellar?
uh i can 't find him anywhere
His tea time is over
It 's all the same I just don 't understand
Why does Master Edward lock himself in the cellar
That door was open earlier
I saw Thorler come out with a bottle
Maybe he just went down to find cockroaches.
locked

miss you please
you first
our destination
Holmes, are you sure the mastiff is on a leash?
If we don 't go to the house then we can 't be sure of anything








what the hell is that




come on in
Turn left on Sherlock Holmes



There 's been a crime here
Looks like someone walked over the roof
Alice . . . . . . . . . . .
Alice ?
Where is my daughter I should ask you
his daughter ?
thief spy thief spy !
i got you
You are all under my control
I will greet you well
what did he say
he 's going to take the dog
Watson






someone released the dog
I haven 't fed it for two days, or it will be too late







Still in a coma, I did everything I could
He needs a surgeon now as soon as possible. I sent Toller to Mrs. Lucastel to ask her for such assistance.
Oh miss, I 'm sorry you didn 't let me know
your plan
I could have told you that your efforts were in vain. Apparently Mrs. Toller knew the best about it.
yes sir i understand and i . . .
I 'm going to tell you everything I know
But if the police intervene or go to court, you have to remember that I 'm Miss Alice 's friend Miss Alice?
daughter of Mr Lucaster and his ex-wife
Ah, this is the secret of the closed attic
Mrs. Toller, please sit down
Now tell me everything you know
uh she 's never been happy at home
She 's been unhappy ever since her father remarried her . . . she 's been ignored
No say in anything but things were fine until she met Mr. Fuller
Continue Who is Mr. Fuller?
He is Alice 's sweetheart. You may have seen him wandering outside.
It 's the presence of Mr. Fuller in the clearing by the road.
How could it make Miss Alice 's situation miserable? As far as I know
She has her own rights according to her mother 's will but she was so quiet and forbear that she never claimed her rights
So it all fell into the hands of Mr. Lucaster
He knew he could be relieved to have her by his side, but if Miss Alice got married
This husband will definitely claim his legal rights
So her dad felt that this should be stopped and he wanted her to sign a document stating whether married or not
He can spend her money and she keeps tossing her if she doesn 't want to sign
She got meningitis and she was on the brink of life and death for six weeks until she finally recovered.
She was exhausted and her hair was cut, so he made her move to the attic
Imprisoned her like a prisoner, but her sweetheart didn 't change her mind because of it
loyal to her
Then Mr Lucaster brought Miss Hunter from London to pretend to be his daughter
to get rid of this young man
That 's what Mr. Fuller is, but Mr. Fuller as a determined gentleman
Blocked the house like a good soldier
then met you and convinced you or bribed you into believing you had mutual interests
Mr. Fuller is a polite talker
generous gentleman
That 's how he made your husband
There 's always alcohol and don 't lock the door
Make sure the mastiff can stay on a leash
Can put up a ladder
Let him rescue Miss Alice?
you got it all
That 's how we unravel the copper beech
The mystery of the evil house
Lucaster survived first, but was also crippled
Only survived by the care of his faithful wife
They also live with servants
Probably they know too much about his past
hard to dismiss them
Mr. Fuller and Miss Lucaster are married by charter
he is now on the island of Mauritius
hold government office
Miss Hunter is now the principal of a private school in Walsall
I figured she should have a successful career there
what conclusion does sherlock holmes have on this
excellent description watson
Oh don 't you think I 'm being too lively in my description now?
oh my dear friend
your excellent work
Let me humbly dismiss this thought
very good
