
This is the story of two blind dates: one in 2009. . .
Another time was 7 years ago
Over the years my dates have always been the third one. . .
Until the fall of 2009 I finally had an off-the-cuff date
Because this time it 's completely indistinguishable
I 'm dating the same woman I dated 7 years ago


-   T e d ?
-   J e n ?
Nice to meet you
She has no impression of me the same . . .
Me too
I don 't remember her either
- Let 's go. . .
- Um
Honorary production
Translation: Ho olah Proofreading: Xiao Mao Mao of the Onion Family
Season 5, Episode 2 Guess Who Got 4 Tickets to the 'Chewbacca Origins' Star Wars Show?

why ?
- No I asked 'guess who' - I heard
Isn 't it too early to do something that will break us both?
What? What to say? This will be the first time the 4 of us date
And it sounds so fun!
Will Chewbacca 's debut cast be there?
Peter Mayhew in costume, who is going with me?
Hey, did you say 'ape-man' would be added to the dictionary?
Even a common phrasebook is fine.
Marshall we don 't go to the 'Chewbacca Origins' exhibition
This year is in Houston everyone knows
I just want to dump those dicks
Where are you taking me, Barney? This isn 't the first time your uncle Barney kidnapped us.
wait
'The Origins of Chewbacca' is in Montreal this year
Everyone knows where are you taking me?
A buddy at the district attorney got us a ticket to the front row of lethal injections
But we 'll still buy the hot dogs first.
parking
Where are you taking me?
Barney What are we doing here?
Marsll I 'm with Robin now
I 've learned a lot from you and Lily 's words and deeds
thanks man
you two suck
Lily drained your manhood
I thought everyone was like you, but after being with Robin, I found out that having a girlfriend doesn 't stop you from looking for flowers and willows
Well, if Robin knows you 're here, she 's totally fine with it?
What 's the joke? She 'd come rushing in with a purse full of bills and a poncho for the 10:30 jelly wrestling show
By the way, let 's say it 's lime flavored.
Meanwhile Jen and Jen are on a second date at my first date favorite at the restaurant
So what do you do, Jen? Still looking for a job? Banking crisis?
Still looking for a job? Internet bubble economy?
I think I should go for a more stable job . . . like banking or something
So what do you do?
i am an architect
I hope that one day my little painter can leave a masterpiece in the sky of Manhattan
I teach architecture and I can get 50% off when I buy books, so it 's pretty good
married people !
what 's the matter with you? just have a look
like imagining other women
harmless to humans and animals
Wait, you won 't fail to fantasize about other women, will you?
I fantasized!
- It 's just not that easy. - Bullshit
I 've fantasized about that little chick-like mud shadow you see on the fender of your truck
I thought about a mile ain 't everyone like you okay Barney?
Even if I start to have such bad thoughts . . . that kind of thought like betraying Lily makes me feel guilty
So first I have to imagine something else


Bad news Lily has a rare and deadly hiccup disorder, medically sound
What? How is it possible?
Ask me down, but that 's what the doctor 's clipboard says
(6 months later) it 's time baby
i will never fall in love with anyone else
No Marshall, you have to learn to love someone
You 'll meet someone else in a few years
Someone like the delivery girl with big breasts that day
Go cultivate her like a cornfield
Marshall has to remember Lily 's words, you must find the big breast delivery girl from that day and cultivate her like a cornfield.
Years later . . .
Express by Marshall Eriksen
This kiss is for you L il
Where do I sign?
Then please be careful because it 's too hot
This is the saddest story I 've ever heard
Dude Lily 's in every aspect of your real life, there 's no reason for her to have a hand in your fantasies
I know it 's just that I can 't control it
I accept your invitation
Marshall E riksen I will be your companion of thought from now on
Now focus on the next dancer
Don 't even think about Lily
Gentlemen please J - J - J - J asmine

Barney ? Is it my eyesight or that dancer 's long heel . . .
T ed we meet a stripper who looks exactly like Lily
- Well it 's inconvenient to speak now - I 'm speechless too
Exactly as we always imagined!
stop staring at her
I 'm going to hang up to take a picture
I 'll do it, but I 'll let Marshall watch me shove 50 oceans into his wife 's nipple first
I 'm going to kill you!
- Excuse me- Have you thought of something?
Um, would you like to have an oyster with me?
- would love to have oysters with you - ok
Because if you don 't like it . . . it 's too 'dampening' (shellfish means the same pronunciation as selfish again)
Oh that 's not good
This is the point of laughter!
We have dated before
We 've dated before
in this same restaurant
Correct me if I 'm wrong I remember that last date didn 't go well
I also remember that I still thought you were a bit of a snob
Hold on, you 're dressing your cat in weird clothes
What 's so weird to see that you 're snobby again
oh god knows what that means
As a result, I suddenly looked back and we got together again
We 're going to be alone for life, aren 't we?
You at least have your cat
too crazy
I want to ask why do you think I 'm a snob? Wait. . . we were sitting at that table


The protagonist lobster Maine wrote an e less (M aine was written as Main)
It 's good that we 're not eating crappy backup lobster, are we?
Tonight 's one-and-a-half-pound lobster role will be played by . . .
I understand T ed
You 're a little arrogant to hold on to spelling mistakes on the menu

- Totally unaware- Okay, what about me?
Is there anything I 'm not doing well besides the cat thing?
right checkout
The bill comes, of course I will pay it, but you didn 't come with me to pay the bill

Guys always want to rush with girls to pay bills like a master
i didn 't realize
Very good. We have learned and improved. Do you know what we should do?
We should revisit the same place as we did that night and see what went wrong on our first date.
Let 's be honest we scared everyone away Jen
not so good i agree
- OK- where are we going next?
- Went to M ac L aren  ' s bar - ok
Hey, didn 't I finish talking about my cat?
And then there 's the tabby cat, Adams, who 's really the clown of them all
Learn less about cats
You won 't believe who we meet tonight
- Don 't bro. . .
- We meet the third replica!
let me explain
Over the years we 've seen two people who look exactly like the rest of us

Lara Robin

And the mustache Marshall
The remaining two clones will appear over the following summer
But I 'll talk about it later
Ladies please strip girl Lily

hmm no face
But she really looks exactly like you
You guys went to a strip club? Found out
And there 's a stripper there who looks exactly like me?
Baby don 't be mad I explain . . .
Handsome! I think men must be crazy
They are engulfed by lust
But you can only watch and don 't move unless you take her to the back room, but you have to pay
Speaking of . . . strip clubs
Marshall made me go
what did i do wrong next tell me i learned
Well while chatting I hinted that it was cold but you didn 't put your coat on me
It 's a bit chilly tonight, isn 't it?
- No feeling- Really? I can 't feel my fingers
I can handle it
I can 't admit I 'm cold compared to the action star ex-boyfriend you talk about all day
I don 't want to look weak
Jim likes to tinker with his 6 8 version of Camero for relaxation after a day of firefighting
Or boxing without gloves, he learned in the Marines
I have an aunt who is on the coast patrol
Okay, let 's not talk about ex-boyfriend
Even if his JJ is super small, don 't talk about it?
You see? Why didn 't you talk about this first?
Will there be showers on the stage?
If there is a shower on the stage
I think strip girl Lily and another girl will jump in and pamper
you see marshall
And our women don 't mind me at all
Because they know it 's good for us to indulge sometimes
is very disgusting
Because it 's innocuous which prostitute told you that?
And L il Marshall, just imagine it doesn 't need to be so troublesome
Trouble? What trouble?
It 's alright, it 's alright, Marshall tells her we 're all good friends here, we 're not
Sometimes I have fantasies about other women
But even if I did I would be so guilty that I would first fantasize . . .
You passed away first because I didn 't want to betray you even if it was a fantasy . . .
you are my only i love you
you killed me ?
Fantasizing about other women who might not be able to stop murdering me?
Murder? Not so! You have a chronic disease!
I take good care of you! I also set up a foundation in your name and you almost got cured
remember ?
Yeah! Of course I remember
We drink in there with your friends I love them . . . or hate them
depending on whether you are friends or not
- i like them a lot - they are like family T ed
Go in and see if they remember you or they are my best friends don 't be too surprised if they describe me as a saint



Does he like to play tricks? Like to tell bad jokes?
Still getting carried away with a check for $19
Don 't forget the small gold mine of menu error correction
Hmhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh mate not enough to buy a set

Do you actually know?
I thought he was a dude
- me? - T ed ?
Right then we sit over there . . .
These are the villains in my cat cosplay batman
There 's The Clown Riddler Freezing Man . . .
What about Catwoman?
yeah that 's better
T e d !
not bad
wait no! i remember i wasn 't looking at girls
T e d

not bad
We were watching Beard Marshall
God, I thought you were a pervert, sorry
Wouldn 't it be nice to know that the 'old me' wasn 't such a jerk?
'Now you' is also very good

thanks
yes oh! i remember
That 's the Chrysler Building
That 's the Empire State Building
At twelve o 'clock, a chunky couple leaned against the glass to resist lingering
so sweet
Oh start snacking
they really do
Let the guy eat pizza while doing the doggystyle, that 's love
So
I know it wasn 't a good first date but I 'm glad we made it through
Me too


It felt good then and what went wrong?
I remember


Or uh . . will you come out with me next time?
I 'd love for you to call me?
Of course
- Guarantee? - Guarantee I 've been busy all the time

Good night T ed


Hey ?
Jen I 'm sorry I know this call is seven years late
But I used to be an idiot
you saw my goatee too
Seriously I had a great time tonight I want to see you again
T ed There are two kinds of men in this world
One you want him to call you but didn 't call another one you don 't want him to call you but keep calling
And now you are both
Baby . . . you don 't need guilt to fantasize about other women
Or uh . . . don 't need to kill me
I think so too but I 've been doing it all the time I 'm lost between death and sex
Now I get sexually aroused every time I drive past the cemetery

ok let 's fix this
When the strip girl Lily comes out I allow you to fantasize about her
Since she looks like me or you don 't feel guilty
Baby thank you so good to have you and strip girl version of you
Stripper Lily is coming soon!

- I don 't come here very often - hey Barney
As usual, have a drink and wait for you to get excited, and then I will give you the other ones as usual.

thank you kind stranger
Ladies and gentlemen . . . hey Barney here we go
Picked up some AC/DC tunes for you tonight
Ladies and gentlemen please give a big round of applause and please J-J-J-J asmine


- I 'm so sexy! - Yeah
Give me the strip girl version of me this is so handsome
Can you give me another hundred?
- you just threw a hundred

But the guy is doomed and he 's only 2 4
He thought it was Johnny Depp with a beard
He didn 't know what a good girl he missed
But I 've learned a lot since then and I 've learned a lot tonight
Dating Seven Years Ago Was a Mistake That 's What We Learned
I think tonight 's date was a mistake
No no I 'm having fun tonight
And if you think about it seven years ago, it 's actually not going anywhere.
If only the little details could make a difference . . .
Who knows what will happen?
* Open to keep you
* finally speak out
* Let 's rewind
* Rewind
* You are the only superstar
* in a movie without me
* Will you rewind it?
* Do you go back and do it all over again?


you are awesome you are awesome
My girlfriend goes to night clubs with me and she doesn 't mind at all
I really mind Barney we 're dating and things have changed
we need to talk about this
You 're such a good girlfriend
But my perfect wife just paid to dance to me alone with her replica
If you need me, look for me in the champagne room and find me ravaged like crushed pepper
very nice

What 's the matter now?
- I just remembered why I didn 't call you - why?
I 'm going to screw it up again this time, but um...

- I like to find mistakes in menus - what?
I know my shell jokes are stupid . . .
It 's hard for me not to tell bad jokes all of a sudden
Now that you say that, it 's hard for me not to talk about my cat
They are really cute and definitely worth my six diphenhydramine hydrochloride pills a day (for allergic rhinitis she is allergic to cats) we should be waiting for someone who will be more than tolerant of our quirks
And still like them, right?
Even if we were reduced to meeting on another blind date seven years later, would we still look for it?
God I hope not
good luck Jen
you too T ed
you 'll find your shell girl
boy when i told your mother the shell joke she laughed
I bet that 's only 30% sympathy


Hey L il looks like Jasmine is having trouble taking off her boots
What are you saying, brother?
- Lily ? - Say ?
uh yes . . . i am vegetarian
We 've been married for a long time, can you give me money to shop?
L i l y !
