0 0 : 0 0 : 0 1 , 8 0 0 - - &gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 0 4 , 8 0 0 The Lover 's Wife Episode 4 - Susan accidentally sets fire to the neighbor 's house - not me measuring cup
may injure yourself
Go to a spa or go shopping Find a way to unwind
Gabrielle come quickly Gabrielle found a sex partner
Lynette really can 't control her two mischievous children
Madam, do you now know why I asked you to stop?
I have a reason
I can 't fall asleep quickly, I still feel exhausted after sleeping
Bree takes a tough stance
Everyone has their own killer
When I was alive, I had a different identity
Lover, Wife, Victim
Yes, labels are very important to the living
Labels determine how people see themselves

Like my friend Lynette, she used to position herself as a professional woman, and she was really successful in her career
Now her success comes from a delicious lunch, exquisite message posts, and a ruthless fight against the mess in the house
She gave up her career for another label in order to become a qualified full-time housewife
This is Scavo 's home
yes it 's me
Unfortunately for Lynette this new role is not as easy to play as advertised
What the hell did they do . . . ? I left the utility room with the door open for five minutes
5 minutes?
Why didn 't the little girl shout?
Your son is moving too fast
In fact, it is clear that they should be severely punished for this
I didn 't want to mention it but you said the same last time they didn 't get a lesson at all I didn 't try to teach my kids bad, just cooperate with your work
I want to change teachers
Your kids stay in my class because only I can deal with them
Or can we separate them?
Maybe we can put them in different classes?
They 'd be better if they didn 't stay together
We can try but if that doesn 't work
Maybe no one will teach them anymore
Lynette suddenly realizes her role has changed again
She 'll be talked about for years to come because she 's the mother of the two kids who dyed Tiffany A xelrod blue
4 7 0 0 : 0 2 : 5 0 , 0 0 0 - - &gt; 0 0 : 0 3 : 0 0 , 9 8 6 - = Eden Forum http://www.ydy.com=- honorary production This subtitle is for use only Learning Exchange, Strictly Not for Commercial Channels 4 7 0 0 : 0 3 : 1 6 , 5 2 9 - -&gt; 0 0 : 0 3 : 3 2 , 5 2 1 - = COSL - YTET Group Workshop = - Listening: Pompong proofreading: Pompong
Who is that woman in episode 4? Looks like it 's a nice afternoon on WISTERIA Street
My friend Bree found a mysterious tape
She stole it from her marriage counselor and that 's the one I mentioned earlier
how have you been?
I have nightmares again
Mary Alice 's voice is really weird
- Or that dream? - Yes
This time I was standing by the river and I saw the girl under the water she kept shouting Angela, Angela, over and over again
So what do you think the name Angela means?
Actually, this is my real name
her real name ?
it doesn 't make sense
Bree , what else did the rest of the tape say?
More nightmare scenarios and the girl she fears
OK, so what do we do now?
I think we should show Paul that note now
You feel? he 's going crazy
If you want to take it now, I 'm afraid you won 't have a chance. You see he 's going to sell that house soon.

Can I post a suggestion?
I 'm very happy with Paul 's move Gaby!
I 'm sorry, but he always annoys me
Haven 't you noticed that he always hides something?
I always feel a little ill-willed towards him?
right
we all feel it
It 's a little uncomfortable, but I really like the lawn he cooks
Mom, the dishes are washed
I always don 't understand why you didn 't formally invite him to date you
I 'm trying out new strategies I want to play hard-to-get women
How long do you want to wait?
I thought maybe by noon I 'd run to him and beg him to love me

Mom, look over there! joke? She just washed the car yesterday
Oh no, she 's too much

oh, she used a killer
It 's time for you to act, she 's taking the initiative
So what should I tell him? I saw you half naked, so come and see?
what is this ?
This should have been sent to MIKE, I received it by mistake
I only stay here for special circumstances.
God bless you
Hello
Hi Susan I got this by mistake
thanks
I hope it 's not an important letter
No, it 's just a promotional ad for a movie

Okay, I think I 've done my daily good deeds
I should go back
goodbye
Do you like watching old movies?
i like it
I hate Susan Mayer
Every time I see her eyes like deer eyes,
I just want to kill a deer
What did she do this time?
She threw herself into Mike Delfino 's arms again, again and again
Susan likes Mike ?
You didn 't notice, Martha?
She 's been clinging to him since he moved in
I got your message, what happened?
They don 't want to be sorted
they refused?
They 're only 6 years old, direct enforcement
School rules do not use coercion against children
But you can try and do me a favor
Okay
Who stays and who changes shifts?
you choose







you get me off the table
that 's it !
hurry up! i 'm serious
I like to take a bath with you, of course
like a holiday in paradise
Bathing was one of my entertainments when I was a kid
Of course it was with my toy duck

Who?
Mr Solis !
Don 't be nervous, Carlos is at work and he won 't ring the doorbell
I 'm 3 hours late for cable TV repairs
go through the back door
Gabrielle knows her holiday is over
What she doesn 't know is
John also left a souvenir
I told you dad didn 't come back last night
They had a fight, very fierce
What kind of murder? Fierce to get divorced
Listen, whenever she 's in trouble, she 'll find other ways to vent
Daddy left, we just stay with her?
i 'm going crazy
The meal is ready and put on the table
Where did mom and dad go last night?
He just called back and said he was going to a medical conference in Philadelphia.
sit down and eat
This marriage is over
A n d r e w   ?
Sorry again, I 'm late, the schedule is too tight
How long are you going to fix? almost over
What does it taste like? Sage ?
what a strange taste
hurry up, i have something to do


what happened ?
TV repairer fell and hit his head on the ground
Could be a concussion
It 's almost eight now
he was late
Mrs. Huber
good evening susan i made you a pizza
wow, why?
Do I need any motivation to do good things?
I 'll try it, I can 't wait I made you dinner (minsmeat)
Actually, I already had dinner
It 's okay, you can save it for later
What 's so funny?
I think this sentence is more ridiculous: I will make minsmeat for you to eat
M insmeat used to mean shredded meat sounds like I 'm going to cut you into pieces
But that 's the traditional way.
Today, minsmeat contains fruit flavors, wine, and no meat
But today people are still saying I made you minsmeat
I don 't know people still say that
I know
Susan, how are you doing?
good
very good
You know what, I should repent
I should have taken more care of you after Carl left you

You don 't have to apologize to me about Carl Carl and I are over, I have to live on
Yes, I know, you 're going to live with Mike Delfino
He 's very attractive, isn 't he?
You like him, don 't you?
Of course, like a friend
Oh, Susan
Modesty is the strategy of the little girl who is not involved in the world
It 's so hypocritical for women our age
Are you sure you don 't want pizza?
no, thank you
I hope your strategy works for Mike
You tried your best to seduce him
I didn 't try my best!
Omg, Susan, you burned your opponent 's house on fire
If that doesn 't count as effort, I don 't know what counts
Madam Huber, I have a lot of respect for you but you 're crazy to say that
what is this?
I think you know
I found it in the ruins of E die 's house
- this is not. . . . . .
- Shh, I meant to say
I didn 't take care of you when Carl left you, I 'll be by your side now
I thought about it, it 's our secret no one will know
Oh Susan, I feel so good to be able to help you
you look pale
I insist on letting you eat the pizza I made

Did I just mention this is minsmeat?
Please open the door
immediately
What 's up ?
can i go in ?
no i want to talk to you
oh, tell me
Where did you go last night?
B rian house
I went to talk to Brian 's mom
Tell me honestly where you were last night, don 't lie to me this time
Where 's papa again? In Philadelphia?
A ndrew , don 't change the subject
Excuse me, I guess the topic is why you lied
I called my dad 's cell phone I knew he moved
This is temporary . . . . . .
I 'm afraid this will frustrate you, I want to protect you
Whatever it is, you lied, don 't tell me big things
A ndrew, I just didn 't choose to share my marital problems with you that doesn 't mean I allow you to be rude
How did you get daddy away? Is that polite?

Hi! what is this ?
this is a sock this is a man 's sock
I found it under the bed, and it 's not mine
God, Carlos, it 's from Yao Lin
Our babysitter wears sports socks, size 47 ?
no, she wears this to tidy up the house
look
There 's something else of her here
Hello Susan
Mrs. Huber
You came with Mike? I saw him buying fruit
No, like I told you, we 're just friends
By the way, if I didn 't explain what happened last night
I 'll say it again now that I didn 't do what you 're alleging
Hello Susan
Nice to meet you, Mrs. Huber, Mike

Do you like watching Alfred Hitchcock?
They went to see Rialto

i don 't like it that much
Oh yes! Why don 't you like Hitchcock?
oh i just don 't like it


oh well, nice to meet you
Nice to see you too, Mrs Huber
you are silly
Pretend not to like this, just because I 'm in I mean it
Are you disappointed ?
You shouldn 't be so rude to me, Susan
Your secret is no small thing
E die 's insurance company is bad for her but I still haven 't said anything
- Then . . . . . . - In addition, the later E die receives compensation from the insurance company, the longer she stays at my house.
eat my stuff
use up my water
What do you want me to get from me, Mrs. Huber?
Are these paid together?
bring them all
So what 's the problem when the doctor says your twin 's ADHD can be cured?
I used to run a company with 85 people and now I can 't manage 3 little guys
feel like a loser
Lynette, your best mother but let 's face it your kids are a big challenge
Thank you
This is the best way to comfort
You know, they 're really cute when they don 't make me want to pull my hair out
I 'm afraid if I change their bad side jechangegalementlesbo ns the good side is also changed
It 's a dilemma
Look at this mug, I like this mug
If I fix it, will it still be the same cup?
you see it leaking
I know
We told Paul we told him to show him something
he 's coming

Paul, we noticed you 're selling your house?
Yes, too many painful memories I think you can understand

Before you move, we think there are some things you need to know
Seems like there 's a lot of potential about Mary Alice 's death that you didn 't realize

Do you remember that you asked us to help pack the relic
That 's when we found a note
We feel like we should hand it over to you
You can look at the postmark, Mary Alice may be the letter she received the day she died
I know what you 're doing makes me uncomfortable I 'm going to tell someone
Paul, how are you?
i 'm not good
Do you always clean with socks?
Yes
Is this a Japanese custom?
I am Chinese
i don 't like cheating
I don 't like you taking leave either.
Madam Solis, what are you doing there?
Carlos found this thing on the bed
Oh my God!
It doesn 't matter, I thought of an excuse and cleverly covered it up
I brought you this
From now on, never let Carlos see your sports socks or anything in my neighborhood
Do you want me to wear sandals?
I lost a toe! Imagine how much more you would lose if Carlos found out the truth
Ugh
Why are your friends staring at me?
- You told them about us? - No
They look at you because you 're so pretty, yeah

It 's 9:30 pm now, what is your brother doing?
Want to hear my advice? call daddy and tell him about it
I 'm perfectly capable of handling this without your dad
I am sorry
Where is your phone? call Andrew and try to ask where he is
Mom, he 'll know you 're behind your back
It 's alright act as usual and ask casually
Hello, it 's me, how are you?
he knows
A ndrew , I 'm your mother and I 'm running out of patience with you
Where are you ?
You are in a bar! ?
A n d r e w ！ A n d r e w ？

mother? He is too much!
What are you going to do?




H e a t h ,   I a n ,   A n d r e w

Mom, how did you know I was here?
Did you enter my room?
Do you think this is bad? I 'll clean up your house tomorrow morning
By the way, Heath, I never had a chance to tell you that your solo at church last week was amazing
thanks
We walked
I don 't think you 're going to leave because of what I said, right?
All right, Andrew, shall we go?
You embarrass me in front of my friends!
I 'm not going anywhere with you
All right
What are you going to do?
I stayed to watch the show
I 'd love to know what 's going on
Excuse me, waiter, I want a C hardonnay

I 'm curious, Andrew, do you like this woman very much, have you ever wondered how she got to where she is today?
This could be someone 's little daughter, someone might have high hopes for her, of course that doesn 't include singing and dancing
It 's no use for me to say that, ok?
It 's not a bargain
God knows how much she endured poverty, drugs, domestic violence and even abuse!
mother !
Now she treats others like they used to treat her like a target, a piece of meat
That 's enough, kid, let 's go
She 'll turn everyone off
I 'm not here, please leave a message
I 'm Mrs. Huber, Susan, are you there?
I see the lights in your house are on
I hope you didn 't mean to not answer my call
listen, i have something to tell you
My kitchen heater is broken and need $600 to buy a new one I can 't afford it and need your help

call me when you get back
Julie, Julie, dear wake up, I have something to tell you
Can 't wait until tomorrow morning?
i think i was blackmailed
I ran when I realized I couldn 't put out the fire
I shouldn 't have left the measuring cup on the spot
Why did I let her in then?
I can 't get rid of this
Now the only thing I can do is go to the police station and tell them what happened
you can 't do this
Julie, I think they put me in jail
it 's an accident
Dad doesn 't care if it 's an accident
He 'll use this as an excuse to get custody back
mom, i don 't want to live with dad

i want to talk to you
Ok, no problem
you come here to work every tuesday ?
Yes
Remember the guy who fixed cable TV last time?
What time do you usually get off work, five o 'clock in the afternoon?
Yes
Damn, that means he was in the house for four hours
Wait a minute, I thought about it
i didn 't see him
Did you see him at all?
I did not see
John ? Did my wife ask you to lie for her?
Mr. Solis
I don 't want to get involved in your family affairs
thanks
That 's all I want to know
Let 's review again
Mom, it 's not that complicated
You let me out and let me go to Mrs. Huber 's house
After I got in, I went to find the measuring cup. It was very simple.
God, I really don 't want you to be a thief for me
This is our cup, I 'm just going to take back what belongs to us
That 's right
I guess we have nothing to be ashamed of
Wear this I don 't want you to leave the handle
she left
Ok, let 's do it
Let 's play here, catch one more time

good, step back a bit

it 's your turn to throw
God, you better go in and take it out



Mike? Hi Susan , I think it 's you
Julie and I were playing frisbee outside and fell into Mrs. Huber 's house
Do you need help?
No, no, Julie got it
Since I happened to see you, I wanted to confirm the time of our movie
We looked a little bit different that day
Diaphragm? I don 't understand what you 're trying to say
You 're not mad at me, are you?
no, not at all
Well, let 's get another one
I have a ticket for Billy Wilder, Wednesday night
i want to go with you
You 're so kind, I 'd love to go

E die , I thought you went to work
i don 't feel well
Because the sun was too strong when the car was washed that day
Don 't be in a hurry to go with us. . . . . .
you are so annoying
what ?
Wasn 't it disgusting enough that I saw you take the initiative to give him a hug the other day? Do you want me to watch closely?
No, not what you think
I 'm leaving. I 'll call you Wednesday night, okay?
E die , wait a minute
Mike and I are going to the movies on Wednesday night. Would you like to go with us?
You mean you want me to go with you?
Yeah that 's all right, Mike?
This is all pre-booked tickets and I only have two tickets

E die , wait a minute
give you my ticket
real ?
Do you agree, Mike?
Um. . . . . , okay
What time will you pick me up?

Wait a moment

Do you dare to mess with others?
Carlos couldn 't contain his anger
After all, he 's just here to maintain his dignity
or happiness
are you gay?
Yeah that 's why you hit me?
Yes

Ladies ?
Hi Paul, what 's the matter?
I want to apologize for what happened last night
We know you may not take it all at once
I know you 're wondering why I reacted so violently to that note
you 're a little crazy
The truth is, Mary Alice is a little out of the way
She 's mentally ill
question ?
It doesn 't hurt at first
She would write notes to herself like 'fetch milk' or 'Z ach has a dentist appointment'
But over time, the content of the note became more and more strange
We found a lot of strange messages
Mary Alice to me, to Zach and to herself write a note
Really ?
That 's why I 'm crazy This reminds me of Z ach and what I 've been through
Paul, I 'm really sad
We had no idea it was going to be like this
Anyway, hope you can keep it a secret
OK
- For Zach 's sake - of course, of course, bye





I think he 's lying
I think so
(Scavo promoted to Vice President)









kids, come
- he broke my plane - no
We 'll talk about this later
I 'm going to give you some medicine now
Are we sick?
No, it 's a very special medicine
like vitamins you have to take every day

okay? stay there and don 't move
open mouth
- you! - Do not
kids don 't


At this point, Lynette made a decision
In the future, I will never choose to let them take medicine for anything that involves children.
Of course, her frustration escalated, and Lynette didn 't think it would matter if she gave herself some medicine.
Is this your strategy?
Never talk to me again?
Roughly the same
I think I should apologize to you
Wait a minute, I don 't want to force you
I should lie to you about your dad
You and your sister have grown up to accept the truth and I apologize for lying to you
Then, what else?
If you think I 'm going to apologize for dragging you out of that bar, you 're wrong
I think that 's the best thing I 've ever done

Andrew, I know you blame me for what happened between me and your dad it 's not entirely my fault I need you to understand that
I understand
I just don 't want him to go
i don 't want to either
Mom? Yes?
When can the door be installed?
3 months later
R oyal O aks had a violent incident today and a gay guy named Jonathan Lisco was beaten up at his house for a part-time job
Lisco thought it was because he wanted to protect his sexual partner, so his employer, a company called Cliffside Cable, took action against him
The policeman draws a portrait of a criminal
I must tell you that my position is firm and I have negotiated with my company
Do you have questions for me?
no
you took it, didn 't you?
Good evening, Mrs. Huber
It 's my fault I should have hidden that thing
In fact, I should have thought sooner if you dared to set fire to
definitely dare to burglary
I don 't know what you 're talking about, Mrs Huber
I think you 've already ruined the evidence
Wait a minute, I still don 't understand what you 're talking about but yeah, I 'm ruined

I wanted to keep a secret for you but you don 't trust me
V oustesvraimentuncas , voustesaucourant ? You are such an asshole, you know?
Oh Susan, don 't make a fuss
Can we return to the same harmony as before?
I take good care of my lawn I make sure I don 't put the music on too loudly even if I receive your mail by mistake
I 'll give it to you right away because that 's what good neighbors do
From now on, when I meet you on the street, 5 7 4 or, hello, Mrs. Huber
But you know, deep down I hate you very calmly and resolutely
watch out, baby
Don 't do things you regret
Good evening, Mrs. Huber
Did he really say Mary Alice was crazy?
He didn 't say it explicitly but what Paul said made it seem like she was indeed schizophrenic
I think he 's hiding something, I 'm sure
But what about that tape? On there she said her name was Angela
Mary Alice is not crazy
My dad used to say when he was a prosecutor that the simplest explanation was often the most correct
Remember the words on the note?
I know what you 're doing makes me uncomfortable I 'm going to tell someone
It 's not like something I wrote to myself
This is a message from the enemy
What are you going to hire me to do?
very simple someone sent this to my wife i want to know who this person is
What kind of person would send a note like this?
Enemy ?
Of course
But what kind of enemy?
An acquaintance?
a stranger ?
Or a neighbor a few feet away?
5 9 5 0 0 : 4 2 : 3 0 , 0 0 0 - - &gt; 0 0 : 4 2 : 3 5 , 5 0 0 Desperate Housewives Season 1 Episode 4 - = End = - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Subtitles in this forum are only for translation and learning purposes. Any commercial use is prohibited. Otherwise, the consequences will be at your own risk- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - = COSL - YTET Group Studio = - Transliteration: Pompong Proofreading: Pompong
