
Come here boy C omehere , lad .
What are you doing in my domain? What are youdoingonmypro perty?
I 'm here to claim back I 'vecometoclaimback
what  ' srightfullymine , sir
And a bag of nails from my smithy and a bag of nails from mys mithy .
What proof do you have? W hereisyourproof?
The proof is that the loot is there. Theproofis, I 'll find them there.
You can 't force me Now , I don  ' twanttobe forced to call the police to call the police .
These people are my guests Thesepeopleareguestsof mine, but you are trespassing Mr. Sean butyouaretrespassing, Mr. r.
T horn . I am not afraid of you Doctor I  ' mnotafraidofyou , Doctor .
Get off my turf Getoffmyland!
Spotted Tape Case
Please come back to P lease as soon as possible, comebacksoon.
My dear, nothing at all M ydear, there is nothing to worry about whatevertoworryabout.
We were married in a few weeks We eshouldbemarriedinafe wweeks .
I 'm going back to London I 'mjustonmywayback to London.
goodbye sir thank you G oodbye , sir , and thank you this weekend i had a great time foramostpleasantweeke nd .
I will definitely improve my chess skills I meantoimprovemygameof chess next visit let 's see beforemynextvisit .
I know Oh , yes , I see .
You are a rival Youweren  ' tanunworthy opponent .
Thank you Mr. T hankyou , sir .
I 'll take Percy to the door Father I 'mjustseeing Percydowntothegates, Father.
Wait for me at the gate D riveonandwaitformebyt hegate , willyou .
That guy broke into the house Thefellowwastrespassing , drenched him in water and that 's hehadadunking , and thatisall .
Father, I don 't believe Sean would deliberately . . .
Father , I cannotbelievethat T hornwoulddeliberate - Dammit , woman , are you conspiring with them against me too? areyoupartoftheconspi racyagainstme , too ?
No father I live here No , Father , I live here .
It won 't be long Notformuchlonger , eh , you will marry that Armitage onceyoumarrythatfello w A rmitage .
Uh what 's up Yes , whatisit ?
Father what happened to my room? Father , whathashappenedtomyro om ?
The workers found a structural disorder. The builders found afault in the structure, better sleep in your sister 's room bettersleepinyoursist er  ' sroom till they fix it tillthey  ' vefinishedworkingonit .
Julia 's room I can 't sleep there Julia 'sroom, I can 'tsleepinthere.
Why not ?
Why hynot , P ray ? I can 't .
what 's up Whatisthematter,
That room is very good it  ' saperfectly goodroom .
I 've already told the housekeeper to pack up I  ' veinstructed thehousek eepertoprepareitforyo u . Go get your luggage and move over there. Good night N owrunalong , yourbaggage , and goodnight .
hello little beauty good night hellothereyoungbeauty , goodnight , goodnight .
I 'm sorry I 'mverysorry, Watson, but everyone was unlucky this morning butitseemstobethecomm onlotthismorning.
what ?
What ? Mrs. Hudson has been awakened Mrs. Hudson hasbeenroused ,
She came to call me I came to call you sheretortedonme , and I onyou . But it 's only a quarter past seven Butit  ' sonlyaquarterpastseve n , is the house on fire ? whatisit , afire ?
Not not a client No , No , aclient .
It will take a while to burn Mr. T hiswilltakeamomenttod raw , sir .
But for a while Mrs. Hudson Butonlyamoment , Mrs. Hudsonisamistress was of the art of firelighting .
Ah this is my best buddy Ah , thisismyintimatefrien d is also an assistant Dr. Watson andassociate , D r. Watson ,
You can talk in front of him as well as in front of me beforewhomyoumayspeak asfreelyasbeforemysel f . How are you ?
H owdoyoudo ? Mrs Hudson can you M rs . Hudson , doyouthinkyoucould
Bring this young lady a cup of hot coffee, bring this young ladyaho tcupofcoffee ,
I found that you are trembling for I observedyouareshiveri ng. I am not trembling with cold I tisnotcoldwhichmakesm eshiver.
Why is that? What, then?
Is the fear of Mr. Holmes Itisfear, Mr.
Holmes. Is the fear of I tisterror.
You don 't have to be afraid of Youmustnotfear , we 'll take care of things weshallsetmattersright , don 't worry havenodoubt .
This morning you came by train Youhavecomebytrain , I see , thismorning .
So you know me?
You ouknowme , then ? No I just saw the half return ticket No , but I observed the second half ofareturnticket in the palmofyourleftgl ove in your left glove.
You left very early to take a carriage Youstartedearly , but youhadadrive the two-wheeled carriage through a dirt road inadog - cart , along heavyroads , before reaching the railway station beforeyoureachedthest ation .
This is nothing mysterious young lady T hereisnomystery , mydearlady , the left armofyourjacke of your blouse the left armofyourjacke t splattered with mud issptteredwithmud
not less than seven innolessthansevenplac es ,
The marks are fresh. There is only one means of transport. T hereisnovehicle is a two-wheeled wagon that splashes saveadog - cartwhichthrowsupmud
Such a special mud spot inthatparticularway,
and only when you sit andthenallywhenyousit on
The left - handside of the driver is only possible when the driver is on the left - hand side of the driver . You are so right You are perfectly correct .
Sir, I can 't bear this tension anymore Sir, I can stand thestrainnolo nger;
If it goes on like this I 'm going crazy I shallgomadifitcontinu es .
I heard about you from Mrs. Ferintosh, I haveheard of you from Mrs. Farintosh, whomyou helped in thehou rofhersoreneed.
Ferinto Farintosh .
My dear Helen M ydear Helen , I have a hard time giving you any advice itisdifficultformetoa dviseyou you give me too little sinceyoupresentsofewf acts ,
But I know you 're a smart girl but I knowyoutobeasensibleg irl ,
Will not be suspicious of notpronetohysterics . I was your poor mother 's oldest friend I wasoneofyourpoor , dearmother  ' soldestfriends .
I can only suggest that if you have been afraid I canonly suggest thatify our fearspersist , go to Mr Sherlock Holmes you should contact Mr . S herlock Holmes ,
Baker Street 2 2 1 B 2 2 1 BB aker Street .
Ferinto is right I remember that case Farintosh , oh , yes , I dorememberthecase .
It 's about the opal on the crown I tconcernedanopaltiara. It should happen before you come Watson I thinkitwasbeforeyourt ime, Watson.
Thank you Mrs Hudson Thankyou , Mrs .
Hudson. Could you help me too?
S ir , doyounotthinkyoucould helpme , too ? I can 't reward you yet
Then I can control my income withcontrolofmyowninc ome. I will be happy to help you I shall be happy todevotet hesamecare like helping your friend toyourcaseastothatofyourfriend.
As for rewarding my work A storewardmyprofession itself is a reward isitsownreward; but you can also butyouareatlibertytod efray
Feel free to pay me what you think whateverexpenses I maybeputtoatthetime
The right time whichsuitsyoubest. Now please tell us the whole story of the matter, Andnow I begyou, layeverythingbeforeus so that we can make a preliminary judgment whichmayhelpusformano pinionuponthismatter.
My name is Helen Stone, Mynameis Helen Stoner.
I live with my stepfather I live with my stepfather , Dr. Grimesby Roylott , Dr. Grimesby Roylott ,
He is the oldest Saxon family in England whoisthelastsurvivoro foneoftheoldest
The only descendant of S axonfamilies in England. The Roylotts of S toke Moran, the name is familiar thenameisfamiliartome.
His profession is doctor Heisadoctor byprofessio n ,
Experienced askilledone. He has practiced medicine for many years with a distinguished reputation For someyearshehadalarg eandflourisingpractice in India, in India, in Calcutta.

Dr. Watson has also practiced medicine in India .
Yes , attached to the F ifth N orthumberland F usiliers .
Please continue Miss Stone P raycontinue , Miss S toner .
In Calcutta he married my mother In Calcutta , hemarriedmymother .
She is a young widow left by a major S hewastheyoungwidowof M ajormother  ' sremarriage ,
I was only two years old at the time my sister Julia was five and mysister , Julia , wasfiveyearsolder .
My mother has a large sum of money O urmotherhadaconsidera blesumofmoney - not less than a thousand pounds a year notlessthanathousanda year - which she left to Dr. Roy Lord and this shebequeathedt o D r .
R o y l o t t   e n t i r e l y
Let 's live with him whileweresidedwithhim. Sorry your mother passed away? F orgiveme, yourmotherhaspassedon?
Shortly after our return to England S hortly after our return o England , she was killed she waskilled in a railway accident near Cole where inarailwayaccidentnea r C rewe .
Then my stepfather gave up M ystepfatherthenabando nedhisattempts to establish himselfinp practicein London and moved us back to his ancestral house andtookustoliveinhisa ncestralhouse
Just in Stoke Moran at S toke Moran . But the money your mother left you Butthemoneyyourmotherl eftyou is enough for your needs wasenoughforallyourwa nts ,
so you can still live rich? sothatwasnoobstacleto yourhappiness ? my stepfather had a terrible change
visit neighbors withourneighbors ,
they were very happy at first whoatfirst wereoverjoy ed
Seeing the Roylott family returning to their hometown toseea Roylottback in the family seat ,
But he shut himself in the house heshuthimselfupintheh ouse
Indulge in crazy fights with people andindulgedinferociou squarrels . From then till now we can hardly avoid Attimesitwasandstillis hardtokeephimout him into the police station ofthepolicecourts .
He became a bully in the village He  ' sbecometheterrorofthe village .
Does he allow others to visit Doeshepermitanyvisitors ? Except my fiancé and some wandering gypsies No , except myfianc ? and somewanderinggypsies .
Gypsies ?
G ypsies ? Wanderers He allows them V agabonds , whom hehasgivenleave to encamp on his land toencamponhisland .
Sometimes he went out with them for several days, Sometimeshegoesawaywit hthemfordaysatatime.
You can tell from my description Youcanimaginefromwhat I 'msaying my poor sister Julia and I thatmypoorsister Juliaand I have little fun in life hadnogreatpleasureino urlives .
The servants can 't stay long No oservantwouldstaylong All the housework is done by the two of us sowedidalltheworkofth ehouse.
She died Shewasbut 30 when I losther at the age of thirty, when her hair was grey butalreadyherhairhadb eguntowhiten, like mine evenasminehas.
your sister is dead ?
Yoursisterisdead? Just two years ago Justtwoyearsago.
This is exactly what I want to tell you I tisofthat I wishtotalktoyou .
In our life, Living the lifewedid, it is almost impossible to meet wewerelittlelikelytos eeanyone of our own age and positio n,
But occasionally we do allow some visits butwereoccasionally allowedshortvisits.
Two years ago Twoyearsago, Julia met a half-paid navy lieutenant, Juliametahalf-paymajorofmarines, after which they got engaged towhomshebecameengaged.
Got your stepfather 's approval? Y ourstepfatherapproved ofthematch ?
He has nothing at all against Heraisednoobjectionata ll.
A fortnight before thewed ding , a terrible thing happened aterrible eventoccurre d took away my only companion which deprived me of myon lycompanion .
Please say more in detail P raybepreciseastodetai ls .
It 's easy I tiseasy, every scene of that night is burned into my mind every event of that night issearedintomymemory.
I twaslate , about 1 1 : 0 0 , late at night about eleven o 'clock that night
Julia ran into my room Juliahadcomeintomyroom .
He 's smoking those nasty cigars again. He 's smokingthoseawfulcig arsagain.
Maybe you should stay in this room before your wedding. P erhapsyoushouldhaveth isroomuntilthewedding .
Oh Helen I 'm so happy Oh , Helen , oh , I feelohappy .
But I 'm also worried about leaving you here alone. A ndyetwretched that I 'mleavingyouherealone.
M yturnwillcome that I will leave sooner or later.
I will miss you I shall miss you .
no i will see you No , youwon  ' t , I  'llcomeandstay .
In addition, your major also promised to introduce to me Besides, yourmajorhaspromisedt ofindme, an officer of the same rank, abrotherofficerofequa lrank, definitely handsomer than him and infinitely betterlo oking.
What 's wrong with my dear? M ydarling , whatisthematter ?
Helen have you ever heard someone whistle Helen , haveyoueverheardanyon ewhistle in the middle of the night?
Don 't you whistle when you sleep? I supposeyoucouldn  ' tpossiblywhistleyours elf , inyoursleep ?
Of course not what? Certainly not , why ?
The lastfewnights these days, about three in the morning, alwaysabout 3:00 inthemorning,
I 'm always woken up by a faint but clear whistle I 'vebeenwokenbyalow, clearwhistle.
I can 't tell where I can  ' ttellwhereit  ' coming from . I thought you heard it too I thoughtyoumighthavehe ardit .
I sleep more than you I sleepmoreheavily thany ou .
Probably those gypsies I twasprobablythosewret chedgypsies.
Forget it. Well, nevermind.
Do you always lock your doors and windows at Wasityourcustomalways at night? tolockyourselfinatnig ht ?
Yes my stepfather loves Along , mystepfatherhasapassi on Raising Indian Animals for Indiananimals .
There is a leopard and a baboon, A leopardandbaboon, wandering freely over the grounds in our estate.
Julia and I always feel unsafe Julia and I hadnofeelingsofsecuri tyunlessourdoorsandwindowswerelocked.
I couldn 't sleep I couldn  ' tsleep ,
I have a very bad feeling I hadavaguefeelingofmis fortune .
Julia Julia !
Help me P leasehelpme .
oh my god Helen is the band Oh , my God , Helen , I twastheband . . . a speckled band thespeckledband .
I 'm going to call my father I 'llgetfather.
No No o !
Go back to the room to the child G ointoyourroomchild ,
Here I 'll deal with I 'lldealwiththis.
I 'm sorry gentlemen I amsorry , gentlemen .
My sister and I are very close M ysister and I were very close .
That is of course Yesindeed.
What a sad experience Whatamournfulexperienc e .

And you have absolutely no idea what caused it Andyou  ' venoideawhatmighthave caused -
This whistle and metal sound T hiswhistleandmetallic sound ,
You must have heard? youcansweartoit?
I 'm very impressed I tismystrongimpression, but I may have been misled. I maypossiblyhavebeende ceived. Was your sister dressed?
Wasyoursisterdressed ? No she was wearing pajamas No , shewasinhernightdress .
There is a candle on the floor U h , onthefloortherewasacandle
There are also cut match heads and the charred stumpofa match .
Which means she was woken up by somethingWhichmeans, somethingmusthavewoke nherup,
Light a candle to see what 's going on andshestruckalighttos eewhatthematterwas .
What was the coroner 's conclusion? Whatconclusionsdidthec oronercometo?
But he did not find any reasonable cause of death buthewasunabletofinda nysatisfactorycauseof death . According to your descriptionA ndyourevidencewouldha veshown
The door is locked from the inside thatthedoorwasfastene dontheinnerside, and the windows are tightly shut every night is thewindowsblockedbysh utters, securedeverynight.
So it is certain that I tiscertain , therefore , that your sister died alone that yoursister wasalon e died? whenshemetherend ?
Yes Yes . Also on her body Besides , there are no traces of fighting ofviolenceuponher .
Could it be poisoning?
What aboutpoison ? The doctor checked and found no signs of poisoning. Thedoctorsexaminedherf orit , withoutsuccess .
So how do you think this unfortunate lady died?
W h a t   d o   y o u   t h i n k   t h i s   u n f o r t u n a t e   l a d y   d i e d   o f ,   t h e n ?
I believe she died I t 'smybeliefthatshedied of pure fear and mental anxiety of purefearandnervouss hock,
Although I don 't know what made her so frightened thoughwhatitwaswhichf rightenedher I cannotimagine.What do you think she meant by the band speckled band?Whatdoyougatherfromthe allusiontoaband, aspeckledband?
Nonsense D elirium .
Or Orsomebandofpeople.
The gypsies in the manor would have the gypsies at the plantat ion havespotted
Spotted handkerchiefs tied around the neck handkerchiefstheywear aroundtheirnecks . There are a lot of secrets in them Theseareverydeepwaters . What happened after your sister died ?
W hathappened afteryours ister  ' sdeath ? My life is lonelier M ylifewaslonelierthane ver
Until a month ago until untilamonthago , a good friend of mine whenadearfriendofmine ,
Whom I have knownformanyyears , who I have known for many years , he graciously proposed to me didmethehonortoaskfor myhandinmarriage . His name is Percy Amity , Hisnameis Mr .
P e r c y   A r m i t a g e .
You are getting married in a few weeks. A ndyouaretobemarriedwi thinafewweeks.
Then why did you come to me S owhatpromptedyoutocom ehere your life seems to be on the right track whenyourlifeseemssets ofair ?
The repair of the house started yesterday Y esterday , some repairswerestarte d
My room was pierced and mybedroomwallwaspi erced , so last night I could only sothatlastnight I wasforced
moved into the house where Julia died to moveintothechamberi nwhich Juliadied, and slept in the tosleepintheverybed in whichsheslept she slept.
Think how terrified I am of being I magicmyterror in the middle of the night when I waswokenbythesame
The low whistle that heralded her death awakened lowwhistlewhichhadbee ntheheraldofherowndea th .
Did you light the light?
Y oulitalamp ? Yes but found nothing Yes , but nothing wastobeseen .
I was too scared to sleep I wastooshakentosleep . I got dressed and slipped out of the room I dressed and slipped out of the house .
Found a carriage at the Crown Inn I gotadog - cartatthe C rown I nn ,
Rush to London with only one purpose andcameto L ondonwithoneobjective ,
Ask your opinion askingyouradvice .
You are wise Youdidwisely. But did you tell me all?
B u t   h a v e   y o u   t o l d   m e   a l l ?   是 的   Y e s .
No Miss Stone Youhavenot , Miss S toner .
You are shielding your stepfather Youareshieldingyourste pfather .
He 's tough but he 's still Heisahardman, buthe 'sstill the onlyfather I have known.
I think about breakfast time I  ' dsayitwastimeforsomeb reakfast . I still have many details to know T hereareathousanddetai ls I desiretoknow or I can 't act before I decideonacourseofacti on .
If we go to Stoke Moran today I fweweretocometo S toke Morantoday ,
Can you see these rooms couldweseeoverthesero oms without the knowledge of your stepfather ?
It just so happened that he said A sithappens , hespoke of coming to town today on some business . What about the workers ?
A n d   t h e   w o r k m e n ?
I didn 't see I haveseennone .
We have a maid from the village to do the cleaning Wehaveawomanwhocomesto cleanfromthevillage ,
But only in the morning butonlyinthemorning. There should be no one to disturb you there. T hereshouldbenothingto disturbyou. Very good Excelent.
Watson, would you mind taking a trip?
W a t s o n ,   y o u   a r e   n o t   a v e r s e   t o   t h i s   t r i p ?
Never By ynomeans.
Then we will come to you in the afternoon. Then wewillbewithyouintheearlyafternoon.
I will wait for your arrival I shall bethereforyourar rival .

Do you really not stay for breakfast? You  ' llstayforsomebreakfast , surely ?
Thank you T hankyou , no .
I feel a lot more relaxed M yheartislightenedalre ady .

Mrs Hudson thank you Ah , Mrs .
H u d s o n ,   t h a n k   y o u .
When you think of the whistle at midnight When youcombinetheideas ofwhistlesatnight, a group of gypsies thepresenceofabandofg ypsies
And the doctor with whom they had a close relationship with onintimatetermswithth edoctor, and the dying allusion to asp eckledband, well, there  ' sgoodgroundtobelievet hatthemystery
Just in these threads maybeclearedalongthos elines.
Which one is Sherlock Holmes ?
W h i c h   o n e   o f   y o u   i s   H o l m e s ?
It 's my Mr. M yname , sir ;
But you should introduce yourself first butyouhavetheadvantag eofme . I am Dr. Grimesby Roylott I am D r . G rimesby Roylott ,
From Stoke Moran of S toke Moran.
Is it right? I ndeed, Doctor, pleasetakeaseat. I won 't listen to you. I shalldonothingoftheki nd.
I know my stepdaughter I know that mystepdaughter came here this morning hasbeenherethismorning . What did she say to you ?
W h a t   h a s   s h e   b e e n   s a y i n g   t o   y o u ?
This time of year is colder than usual. I tisalittlecoldforthet imeoftheyear.
What did she say to you? Whathasshebeensayingto you?
But I heard the crops are good but I haveheard that the crops promise well . Are you kidding me ?
A h ,   y o u   p u t   m e   o f f ,   d o   y o u ?
You rascal Mr. Youscoundrel , sir .
I 've heard of you before I 'veheardofyoubefore . You are the Sherlock Holmes Nosy Youare H olmes , themeddler ,
Holmesthebusybody of Sherlock Holmes,
Holmes , the Scotland Yard Jack - in - office .
It was really fun talking to you Y ourconversationreally ismostentertaining ,
please ifyouwouldclosethedoo r when you leave,
Close the door at will. It seems that there is a breeze blowing through onyourwayout, asthereisadecideddraf t. I will not leave until I finish speaking. I willgowhen I havesaidmysay. D on  ' tyudaretointerferein myaffairs.
I know Miss Stone has been here I know that Miss S tonerhasbeenhere .


I amadangerous mantofall foulof .

Thank you Mrs. Hudson is just a client T hankyou , Mr rs .
H u d s o n ,   j u s t   a n o t h e r   c l i e n t .
What an amiable person Whataveryamiableperson . I may not be that big but . . .
I maynotbequitesobulky , but - he 's so arrogant fancyhishavingtheinso lence

Confused me with the official detective toconfoundmewiththeofficialdetectiveforce.
It makes the case more interesting Ah, thisincidentgiveszest toourinvestigation. I just hope our friend I onlyhopeourfriendwon ' tsuffer won 't leave a trace for the indiscreet fromherimprudenceinal lowingthatbrute
And suffer totraceherhere. I 've been thinking about a question Watson O nethoughtkeepsnagging atme , Watson ,
R oylott  ' sprofessional life in India , if so successful ifitwassosuccessful ,
why would he come back over this whywouldheexchangeitf oralife
The life of a fallen noble? ofaristocraticpenury ? My friend Cuomo might know M yfriend C oomswouldknow . Cuomo was also in Calcutta C oomswasin C alcuttaaroundthattime .
Find your friend F indyourfriend C ooms and see what we can get from him and see what you can get fr omhim .
I shall walk down to Doctors  ' C ommons ,
Hope to get some information where I hope to get some data which may help the case which may help usinthism atter .
Let 's meet Letusmeetagainat at 1:00 under the clock at Waterloo Station at one o 'clock in the afternoon.
If you can finish your breakfast then Thatis , ifyou  ' vefinishedyourbreakfa stbythen . By the way take your revolver Oh , andyourrevolver ,
I ask you to put it in your pocket
The gentleman who can bend the steel poker againstgentlemenwhoca ntwiststeelpokersinto knots .
And your toothbrush T hat , andyourtoothbrush ,
That 's all I think are I thinkallweneed .
I read his deceased wife 's will I  ' veseenthewillofthedec easedwife . Her annual income at the time of her deathH rannualincomeattheti meofherdeath
Nearly 1 100 pounds wasalittle short of 1 100 pounds , but due to falling agricultural prices but , due to the fallinagricul turalprices ,
There 's less than 750 pounds now there  ' snownomore than 750 pounds . Every daughter who gets married E achgirlincase of marria ge will get 250 pounds could claim 250 pounds .
So if both daughters are married S o , ifbothgirlshadmarried , ah , beauty ,
Grimesby R oylottwouldhavehadame repittance .
Even one of them getting married would ruin him A ndevenonemarriagewoul druinhim.
This is the most probable motive.
Oh did you find Cuomo? Oh, did you manage to find C ooms?
Found Yes , I did . He really had a hard time finding Heprovedratherhardtolo cate ,
But I finally found it but I finally managed in Swansonat Bards togethimthrough Swansonat Bards .
He did know Roylot H edidknow Roylottin Calcutta in Calcutta,
confirmed what the girl said confirmedwhatthegirlh adsaid ,
Also said an interesting thing and added one intriguing fact. There were many thefts at that time No ow, itseemsthataseriesofr obberies was in his house hadbeenperpetratedinh ishouse,
Suspicion fell on his local butler andsuspicionfellonhis nativebutler . Roylott grabbed him on the spot Roylottpromptlyseizedt heman , in a rage andinafitofanger
beat the poor man to death beatthepoorfellowtode ath , although narrowly escaped the capital punishment narrowlyescapedacapit alsentence , but he sat in prison for a long time butsufferedalongtermo fimprisonment ,
when you return home andreturnedtothiscounty
has become a sombre man amorose and disappointe dman .
Watson This is really a sinful world Ah , Watson , it  ' sawickedworld .
Especially when a wise man turns his mind to crime And whenacleverman turns his braintocrime , that is the worst of it  ' stheworstofall .

Gentlemen, are you on vacation?
O n   h o l i d a y ,   a r e   y o u ,   g e n t l e m e n ?
No we are architects No , we  ' rearchitects ,
Come and see the local houses takingalookatsomeofth elocalhouses . So you are going to Stoke Moran Ah , that  ' swhyyou  ' rewanting S toke Moran .
I didn 't think it was for social reasons. I didn 't thinkitwasforsocialr easons. So you want to do business with Dr. Roy Lord?
Y o u ' l l   b e ,   d o i n g   b u s i n e s s   w i t h   D r .   R o y l o t t   t h e n ?
Yes I think it is him Yes , I believethatwasthename .
If you don 't mind me reminding you I fyoudon  ' tmindawordofwarning , beware of this man sir youwanttotake carewith him , sir .
Locals say T herearesomeroundthese parts
He 's a little out of his mind sayhe  ' snotrightinthehead . Is he ? Really ?
Just yesterday the blacksmith Mr Sean Onlyyesterday, Mr.
T horn , theblacksmith , had a bad time with the doctor hadamostnastyexperien cewith the Doctor
because he let those gypsy thieves because ofthosethievin ggypsies
Camped with him whoarecampedinthegrou nds. Oh, yes we 've heard about the gypsies, we 've heard about the gypsies and the leopards and the leopard.
As a result, Thestorygoes ,
The Doctor threw Sean into the river the Doctorthrew M r . T hornin thestream He lost his temper inafitofuncontrollabl etemper .
Mr. Sean is also a big man. And that T horn , he  ' snotasmallman . God that 's not going to be arrested? Good Lord , ishebringinga charge of assault ?
It would have been but Miss Stone Hewasgoingto , but Miss S toner ,
The Doctor  ' syoungstepdaughter , the doctor  's young adopted daughter , paid him some hush money out of his own pocket , paid him some of herownmo neytokeepitquiet .
This is Well , that  ' swhat I heard . Well , I never . How about you Sherlock Holmes Didyouhearthat , Holmes ,
Themore I seeandhearofthatyoung lady,
The more I admire her themoremyadmirationincreases,
Truly a young woman of commendab lespirit . Just stop here You oucanpulluphere , driver . Who are you referring to ?
W h o   d o   y o u   m e a n ?
Of course Miss Stone Well, Miss Stoner, ofcourse, admirably mostadmirable.
Miss Ah Stone A h , Miss Stoner .


Everything went well E verythingworkedsplend idly .
dr lloyd went to london dr .
R o y l o t t   h a s   g o n e   t o   L o n d o n
not be back until evening andhewon  ' tbebackbeforetheevening .
But we have been fortunate enough to have the pleasure
met of Dr. Roylott  ' sacquaintance .
God he followed me? G oodness , hefollowedme ? Yes he came in as soon as you left Yes , heturnedupjustafteryo uleft ,
But Holmes mocked him away but H olmessenthimoffwithaf leainhisear .
He 's so cunning I don 't know He  ' ssocunning , I neverknow
Is there still safety around him when I  ' msafefromhim . Of course he has to beware of Wellthen , hemustguardhimself , or he may find someone orhemayfindsomeonemor ecunning
more cunning than him in such matters thanhimselfuponhistra ck , shalle .
Holmes don 't you think we should Holmes , don  ' tyouthinkweoughttoget let Miss Stone go tonight? Miss S tonerawayfromheretoni ght ?
To arouse suspicion?
A n d   a r o u s e   s u s p i c i o n ?
But if he comes rough . . . Butifhe  ' sviolent . . . we 're here We eshallbehere .




Then this is Dr. Roy Lord 's room, Sothisis Dr.
R o y l o t t ' s   r o o m ,
this is your sister 's original thisformerlyyoursiste r  ' s ,
this is yours? andthisyourroom?
Yes I am sleeping in this room now Yes , I amnowsleepinginthison e . Ah because of repairsA h , pendingthealterations . Miss Stone can I ask a question Miss S toner , may I asksomething ,
It 's a little unusual that  ' sunusual , isn  ' tit ,
The bedrooms are on the ground floor? bedrooms on the groundfl oor ?
The bedrooms were all moved down Thebedroomsweremoveddo wnstairs The house was mostly decaying whensomuchofthehousef ellintodecay . It was so sad Oh , yes , ofcourse , howsad .

It seems like there 's nothing to fix. T hereseemslittleneedfo rrepairs at this end of the house tothisendofthehouse.
Not at all I think T herearenone , I believeit
That 's just an excuse for me to change rooms wasanexcusetomovemefr ommyroom .
ah very likely Ah , thatissuggestive . can you miss S toner , wouldyoubesokind
into your room astogointotheroom is your present bedroom inwhichyouarenowsleep ing
Then bolt the shutters and bolt the shutters . What are you doing Watson ?
W h a t   a r e   y o u   d o i n g ,   W a t s o n ?
I 'm using your method, Sherlock Holmes, Well, I ' musingyourmethods, H olmes, checking the ground for signs of being trampled, seeingwhetherthegroun dhasbeendisturbed.
So what have you found? A ndwhathaveyoucomeupwi th? Your footprints, I believe,
And mine and Miss Stone 's and mine and Miss Stone 's, and this and this.

If it 's bolted no one can get in here No oonecouldpasstheseift heywerebolted .
Well let 's see what 's in there suspicious Well, let  'sseeiftheinsidethrows anylightonthematter.

Where is this bell going?
W h e r e   d o e s   t h a t   b e l l   c o m m u n i c a t e   w i t h ?
I tgoestothehousekeeper 'sroom.
Seems newer than anything else I tlooksnewerthantheotherthings.
Yes, just two years ago. Yes, itwasonlyputthereacou pleofyearsago.
Did your sister ask for it? A h , yoursisteraskedforit ?
I never heard her use I neverheardofherusingi t .
We usually get what we want by ourselves. We usedtogetwhatwewante dforourselves.
Excuse me I ndeed , youwillexcuseme
I 'm going to have a good look on the floor while I satisfy myselfastothis floor .


Don 't ring I tdoesn 'tring.
Strange T hat  ' sverystrange .


A ventilatorintoanother room .
You mean it may be used for Youmean, whenitmighthave to exchange air with the outside world? communicatedwiththeou tsideair?
That 's also Thatisalsoquitemodern in Xin 'an. Yes Indeed. Miss Stone If you allow Miss Stoner, withyourpermission,
We are going to start checking wewillnowcarryourrese arch
Dr. Roylott 's room to Dr. Roylott ' schamber.

What 's in here?
W h a t ' s   i n   h e r e ?
My stepfather 's business papers M ystepfather  ' sbusinesspapers .
Have you seen it with your own eyes?
A h ,   y o u ' v e   s e e n   i n s i d e   i t ,   t h e n ?
Only once a few years ago Onlyonce, someyearsago.
I remember it was full of documents I rememberitwasfullofpa pers .
Are there cats here?
I s   t h e r e   a   c a t   i n   t h e r e ?
Why didn 't you ask that? No , whatastrangeidea .
Look at this Well, lookatthis!
No we don 't have cats No , wedon  ' tkeepacat .
Oh leopard is also a kind of big cat. A h , well , aleopardisalargecat , afterall .
Yes but a small saucer of milk is far
Not enough to fill a leopard insatisfyingaleopard.
Is the leopard on a leash? T heleopardiskeptonalea sh , isit ? Is this leash Watson ?
T hissortofleash , Watson ? What do you think it is used for? What doyoumakeofit ?
Very common dog neck leash Well , it  ' sacommonenoughdogleas h , but I don 't understand why it is knotted but I don  ' tknowwhyitshouldbetie d .
We don 't have a Wehavenodog.
Thank you Miss Stone I have seen enough T hankyou , Miss Stoner , I haveseenenough .

I just want to ask him if he wants tea I wasgoingtoaskifhe  ' dlikesometea .
Miss Stone it is very important Miss S toner , itisveryessential you have to do exactly as I instruct thatyouabsolutelyfoll owmyadviceineveryresp ect .
It 's about your life Y ourlifemaydependonit . I promise I will listen to you I assure you that I  ' minyourhands . In the first place ,
We passed a small cottage on the way here on the way here.
That is the utility room Theshillhouse . The window of your sister 's room W illthewindowsofyoursi ster  ' sroom
Can you see from there? bevisiblefromthere? Yes. Are you sure?
Y o u   a r e   s u r e ?
Yes Yes .
Then we can stay there Thenweshallmakeitourbase . Want something to eat ?
S o m e   r e f r e s h m e n t ?
Shall we go eat first, Holmes?
W e   s h a l l   h a v e   d i n e   s h a l t   w e ,   H o l m e s ?
Is there a hotel in the village?
I s   t h e r e   a   v i l l a g e   i n n ?
The Crown Hotel T he C rown . That will do it Oh , good . Thank you for your kindness T hankyouallthesame .
Now Miss StoneN ow , Miss Stoner ,
When your stepfather comes back whenyourstepfatherret urns ,
you have to lock yourself in the room youmustconfineyoursel finyourroom
Pretend you have a headache onpretenseofaheadache. Then at night when you hear Then whenyouhearyourste pfather retireforthenight after your father goes to bed,
you must go to the windows youmustgotothewindows,
Loosen the shutters open the shutters undothehasp, opentheshutters, light a lamp on the windowsill and leave yourlamponthe windowsill signal us asasignaltous.
Then bring what you need Thenwithdrawwithanythi ngyoumaywant
Go back to your old house for the night for the night toyouroldr oom .
I believe although there is a makeover I havenodoubtthat, inspiteoftherepairs,
But one night is not a problem, youcouldmanagetherefo ronenight. Of course Oh, yes, ofcourse.
Now we have to go A ndnow , wemustleave . If Dr. Roy Lord comes back and finds us here I f D r .
R o y l o t t   s h o u l d   r e t u r n   a n d   f i n d   u s   h e r e ,
Our journey would be in vain this time.
I believe Mr. Holmes I believe , Mr. Holmes , you already have an assertion that you  'vealreadymadeupyourmi nd .
Please be good to F orpitysake and tell me how my sister died tellmethecauseofmysis ter  ' sdeath . Be brave Bebrave .
If you do as I say I fyoudoas I havetoldyou , promise to eliminate restassuredweshallsoo ndriveaway soon
Threats to you thedangersthatthreate nyou .

Yes, see clearly Yes, itisaclearview.

Do you think you 'll have to stay all night, Sherlock Holmes?
A r e   y o u   e x p e c t i n g   t h i s   t o   t a k e   a l l   n i g h t ,   H o l m e s ?
It 's possible that anything is possible. I t  ' spossible , anything  ' spossible .
He will be the first criminal heisthefirstofcrimina ls . He has the guts and knowledge Hehasnerve , hehasknowledge ,
Palmer and Pritchard are the representatives of their profession Palmer and Pritchardwereamongtheh eadsoftheirprofession , and this man is more inscrutable this manstrikesevendee per .
I do have some hesitation to bring you to I reallyhavesomescruple stakingyoutonight .
This time there is clearly a deadly danger T hereisadistinctelemen tofdanger .
As long as I can help I f I canbeofassistance ? You are too good T hat  ' sverykindofyou .


In that room you obviously Youevidentlysawmoreint hoserooms
Saw more Sherlock Holmes than I did, thanwasvisibletome, Holmes.
No I deduce more No o , I probably deducedalittl emore . Remember what Miss Stone said D oyouremember M iss S tonersaid her sister could smell thathersistercouldsme ll
Dr. Roylott 's cigar? Dr. Roylott ' scigar?
yeah Well ?
The ventilator , aventilatormade ,
A dangling rope A woman lay dead in the bed acordhung , andawomanwholies in the bed , dies .
I don 't see any connection I can  ' tseeanyconnection .
Did you notice anything special about the bed? D idyounoticeanythingpe culiaraboutthebed ?
Fixed to the floor I twasclamped to the floor .
It couldn 't move fixed there I tcould not be moved, hadtoremaininthesame against the vent and the bell rope relativepositiontothe ventilatorandtherope,
or so called bell rope because apparently orsowemaycallit , sinceitwasclearly
It 's never madeforabellpull for ringing a bell. I seem to kind of see what you mean I begintoseedimlywhatyo u  ' redrivingat .
Insidious and terrible crime subtleandhorriblecrim e.

Good night Goodnight .

How are you today ?
D i d   y o u   h a v e   a   g o o d   d a y ?
Some interesting things. Notwithoutinterest. Where have you been in the morning? W hereedidyougettothismo rning?
I also went to town I decidedtogototown , too .
Gotta get something for the wedding I hadsomeshoppingtodofo rthewedding .
You know I 'm going to Youknew I wasgoingup ,
We can walk together wemight have traveled to gether. I left early I leftearly.
I know Yes , I knowyoudid . So that I should be back bylunchti me before lunch,
I still have some things to do in the afternoon I hadsomethingstodohere thisafternoon .
I just went to London M ytripwasawhim on a whim.
You have always been a little liar Y oualways wereagoodlitt leliar .
I 'm sorry I have a terrible headache I fyou  ' llexcuseme , I haveaterribleheadache .
Holmes , the Scotland Yard Jack - in - office .


Signal Thesignal .

God what is that?
M y   G o d ,   w h a t ' s   t h a t ?
That baboon I t  ' sthebaboon .
What a wonderful family T hisisanicehousehold .



We can 't light Wemustsitwithoutlight.

Do not fall asleep D onotfallasleep ;
Your life depends upon this your life may depend upon it .

Did you see it, did Watson see it?
Y o u   s e e   i t ,   W a t s o n ,   y o u   s e e   i t ?

What does Whatcanitmean mean?
It 's all over Itmeansitisover,
Maybe this is the best ending and perhaps , forthebest .
Come to Watson and bring your gun. C ome Watson , bringyourpistol .


is the band speckled band It  ' stheband , thespeckledband ,
that is a swamp viper itisaswampadder ,
Deadly venomous snake thedeadliestsnakein India .
He died within seconds of being bitten. Hehasdiedwithinseconds ofbeingbitten.

Violence does Violencedoes, intruth,
will be victimized by his own atrocities recoilupontheviolent,
The conspirators were eventually buried in andtheschemerfallsint othepit
own graves which hedigsforanother dug for others.
I think of snakes because of Theideaofasnakeoccurre dtome
Various Indian animals withasupplyofcreaturesfromIndia.
A formofpoison, rapidandlethal.
And won 't be discovered by Which couldn 't possibly be discovered
Any chemical test detects byanychemicaltest. It may or may not bite Itmight, ormightnotbite theoccupantofthebed.
She may be lucky to escape the week S hemightescapeeverynig htforaweek , but sooner or later butsoonerorlater ,
She will be the victim shemustfallavictim .
Poor Julia Oh , mypoor Julia .
The Doctor trained the snake The Doctor had trained thesna ke, probably with the milk, probably with the milk, to call it back toreturnatthesoundofa whistle with a whistle,
That whistle theeverywhistle is which youandyourlatesi sterheard you and your sister have heard.
I checked the M yinspection of the chair in the doctor 's room and found him in D r . R oylott  ' sroomhadshownthathe
There was standing in the chair hadbeeninthehabitofst andinguponit
Custom toreachtheventilator with enough vents.
Last night when I attacked the snake
hit it back through the vent and droveit back through the ventilator , i provoked the snake I rouseditssnakishtemper , causing it to attack the causingittoturnupon
see the next person thenpersonthatitsa w .
Dr. Greensby Roylott Dr. Grimesby Roylott. So you Sherlock Holmes S oyou , Holmes ,
Indirectly led to wasindirectlyresponsible his deathforhisdeath.
I gotta say it doesn 't I cannot say thatitis like ly
What a burden to my conscience toweighveryheavilyonm yconscience .
