 Previously on " The Originals " ...
 Hayley :
 If we can 't create some sort of community , then what 's the point ?
 Kill each other and get it all over with .
 Elijah :
 If there is no peace between us , then how can you expect others to follow suit ?
 Klaus :
 The city 's inhabitants will not adhere to this agreement .
 Aah !
 The guy on the bike , the bomber , owed money to the casinos . More importantly , to the humans who run them .
 The ancestors told me to let you live .
 Whatever it is they want , I will make sure they get it .
 They want us to kill Klaus ' child .
 I 've been hexed , and I don 't know how long I have .

 Klaus :
 I 'm calling to let you know the priest is dead .
 Your exile is suspended for the next 24 hours .
 You may return to the quarter to bury your friend .
 [ Music playing ]
 [ Baby talk ]
 Hi .
 [ Stake pierces body ]
 Greetings , boy .
 [ Gasping ]
 Genevieve :
 New Orleans is full of ghosts .
 Our dead are always here hovering .
 When supernatural creatures die , they 're doomed to spend eternity alone watching the world go on without them .
 Of course , that 's not the case for the ancestral witches . We linger in a different way ...
 Consecrated in the earth , replenishing its power .
 What about humans ?

 Some find peace . Some ... don 't .
 I have to make an appearance at the priest 's wake .
 You three head back to the lycee .
 Take some time to think about those spirits who might still be walking alongside you .
 I don 't know why we 're supposed to care about Kieran O 'Connell .
 We care because when a pillar of our community passes , Monique , you call a cease- fire and pay respects .
 Or you just want to see Klaus .
 You two are getting cozy .
 I need the Mikaelsons to trust me so I can get close enough .
 To kill their baby ?
 To fulfill my obligation to our ancestors .
 Go home , Monique .
 [ Heavy sigh ]
 [ Music playing ]
 Hey , earth to you .
 Your face ...
 Will heal . Listen , I wanted to thank you .

 Unless you come equipped with the means to fill this , no additional platitudes are necessary .
 Ok .

 I 'm in a crap mood because my Uncle just died and people are partying like it 's Mardi Gras .
 What 's your excuse ?
 Klaus , seriously , what 's going ...
 I 've been having these dreams about my dead father .
 No diagnosis necessary , love . I 've already got this one covered .
 My fears of fatherhood , of scarring my child as my father scarred me are manifesting as nightmares .
 So horrifically cliche .
 Truthfully , I 'm just surprised to hear you acknowledge out loud that you 're going to be a dad .
 Your baby mama 's been living in the bayou for months .
 It 's not exactly what to expect when you 're expecting .
 I know more about the trials of fatherhood than you might imagine , Camille .
 And it worked out so well for you the first time . Why change a thing ?

 Well .
 I see you 've come to return some stolen property . On the contrary .
 I 've decided the boy shall remain with me .
 Man :
 Unfortunately , he 's not for sale . Well , I do not wish to buy him .

 You will grant him his freedom . And if I say no ?

 You seem to have misinterpreted the matter as up for debate .
 [ Hoarsely ]
 Fine . Take him .

 He wasn 't worth ...
 A damn to me anyway .
 They told me he is your father .
 Is it true ?
 You know , my father hated me , too .
 The truth is , Marcellus , family can be more than just those with whom we share blood .
 We can choose .
 [ Music playing ]
 [ Clink clink ]
 [ Music stops ]
 I know I haven 't been around these parts lately .
 It 's a testament to father Kieran that we could come together and share a drink and a story or two .
 Kieran rolled into town on a rusty old cruiser after his daddy died 25 years ago .
 And , damn it , that guy could party . [ Laughter ]
 That was , of course , before he took his vows .
 But even then , he was committed to the quarter . He knew that this town needed him .

 And we still do .
 To father K. All : To father K.



 [ Music resumes ]
 [ Sighs ]
 Looks like we had the same idea . It 's Cami , right ?
 I 've been informed that Kieran 's necklace is missing and the key that he always wore , I assume he left it for me .
 Excuse me ?
 How rude of me .
 [ Places glass on table ] I 'm Francesca Correa .
 I took over your Uncle 's position as faction representative when his mental faculties were compromised .
 His faculties weren 't compromised . He was hexed .
 Hexed by one of our enemies .
 Look , I 'm invested in protecting the people of this city . And to do that , I need the key .
 It must have fallen off during the events that led to his untimely death .
 I 'm so sorry .
 Seems rather uncivilized ...
 To laugh and dance around the body of a loved one . Yes .
 Far better to practice your process of grief , isn 't it , Klaus ?
 Denial , rage , and hoarding coffins in basements .
 I 'll warn you , Hayley ,
 Niklaus is in a spectacularly foul mood today . Sod off .
 What 's the deal with these moonlight rings ?
 Oliver 's trying to start a revolution every 5 seconds . People are scared , angry .
 And , frankly , I 'm tired of stalling .
 It 's a day of peace , Hayley .
 Try and enjoy it .
 In the meantime with all manner of unknown enemies conspiring against our family , you 'll move back in with us .
 [ Sarcastically ] Awesome . Then we can do that thing where you lock me in the tower ,

 I escape , there 's drama , and then you two both realize that I 'm very capable of looking after myself .
 The rings are in progress .
 I will live up to my word .
 We will find and punish whoever launched the attack on the bayou .
 And you will return to the compound for your own safety .
 But right now , I 'm gonna finish this bottle ...
 And the next in the hopes of drowning the demon that has chosen today to haunt me .
 Cheers , Mikael .
 Impeccable Freudian timing .

 Elaborate .
 Have you dreamt of our father ? Go ahead .
 Have a good laugh .
 I can assure you there isn 't a piece of this that I find even remotely amusing , Niklaus , especially considering I 've been dreaming of him , too .

 What ?
 If you are also seeing him ...

 Perhaps our elusive , unknown enemy is orchestrating a further attack .

 Well , then what better way to punctuate a day of peace ... Than by killing someone ?

 [ Bell rings ]
 [ Indistinct whisper ]
 [ Chuckles nervously ] You disappeared from the party .
 Would you care to explain why you would choose to torment us with visions of our father ?
 Your father ?
 Mm- hmm . I didn 't . I- I wouldn 't .
 Of course .
 How foolish of me .
 It must have been that other witch that 's been parading throughout our house in scraps of lace .
 I know how talented you are with your tongue , Genevieve .
 Might I recommend you use it to provide answers ?
 I would so hate to tear it from your mouth .
 As much as I enjoy these repeated accusations of wrongdoings , I don 't know what you 're talking about .
 But if you 've both been seeing your dead father , I can try to get you answers .
 Fine .
 Go .
 Niklaus , don 't you dare ...
 Go .
 [ Bell on door rings ]
 You don 't trust her .
 And you 're right not to .
 Only a fool would , but she certainly wants us to , doesn 't she ?
 There 's something of benefit for you in all of this , isn 't there ? Let me guess .


 I need a witch to make those rings for the wolves .
 Perhaps we 'll get both answers and cooperation ...
 I don 't know if the ancestors would like us messing around in the spirit world .
 It 's just a simple seance .
 Phony witches do seances to impress tourists .
 They 're not real .
 Abigail : What 's that for ?
 It was my friend Tim 's .
 Come on .
 What 's the point of being a witch if we can 't use our magic for stuff like this ?
 Both :
 Elikopte fantomes , soliter mouri , vous reveler ...
 [ Wind ]
 Tim ?
 [ Violin music ]
 [ Chimes ringing ]
 What a delightful tune .
 [ Exhales sharply ]
 So Klaus gives you 24 hours in the quarter , and you 're spending it coffin sitting with me ?
 No preparations for war ?
 No chess pieces to move ?
 We 're honoring Kieran .
 Even us bad guys can take the night off .
 Maybe you can . Not sure the humans are on their best behavior .
 This Francesca person cornered me earlier , asking about some key .
 What 'd you tell her ? It doesn 't matter .
 I don 't have it .
 But you know or you would have asked , " what key ? "
 [ Chuckles softly ]
 I had Josh lift it for me .
 Off my Uncle 's sick and dying body ?
 I 'm trying to do you a favor .
 Trust me , you don 't want to be a part of any of this .
 Trust you ?
 Are you kidding me ?
 Cami , this is bigger than you .
 Don 't patronize me , Marcel .
 Do you know what 's bigger than me ?
 My Uncle lost his mind , beat the crap out of me , and then died .
 And now I have to sit by his body all night .
 I 'll sit with you .
 I 'm not trying to lie to you .
 I 'm trying to protect you . You need to leave , like , now .
 I will tell you about the key .
 I don 't want to know !
 I don 't want to know any of it .
 [ Puts glass on table ]
 [ Chatter in adjoining room ]
 Genevieve .
 I asked around .
 It 's not just your father .
 The purgatory , where supernatural souls are trapped , is disintegrating .
 What do you mean , disintegrating ? She 's right , more or less .
 It 's actually imploding .
 I made a call to a rather reluctant Bennett witch in Mystic Falls , who said the same thing ...
 The dead are being torn away into nothingness .
 And they 're not interested in going quietly .
 So you 're saying that our father , faced with permanent extinction , has decided to spend his remaining time tormenting us .
 How delightful .
 Well , on the plus side , we 'll soon be rid of his abhorrent soul forever .
 And what a good riddance that will be .
 So am I in the clear , Elijah ?
 Or is there a new conspiracy you two would like to threaten me over ?
 Nothing springs to mind at this precise moment .
 Oh , gee , thanks .
 I have to get back to the girls .
 Perhaps tomorrow after the funeral , you and I could spend some time together ...
 Alone .
 I suppose we 'll have to see .
 [ Scoffs ]
 Please tell me you 've designed a stronger method to control the witch than playing hard to get .
 Klaus :
 Well , I 've always been partial to the classics .
 Ah .
 Hayley , right ?
 I 'm guessing you 're not here because you want to make a new friend .
 I don 't count terrorists as friends . Wow .
 I 've been accused of everything from grand larceny to blackmail .
 But terrorist , that 's new .
 A human pulled up to our home in the bayou on a motorcycle and blew himself up .
 I heard . Awful .

 Good night .
 Word on the street is he owed 100 grand to the palace royale casino .
 And then after he died , the debt was erased .
 Just like magic .
 Jeff was a fixture at my roulette table .
 Sometimes he was up .
 Sometimes he was down .
 I absolved his family of the debt he owed out of the goodness of my heart .
 Feel free to sniff around .
 My hands are clean .
 And I 'd advise you to mind your manners .
 It 's lucky you 're still alive .
 You 're the one the wolves all whisper about , like royalty .
 If I was interested in hurting the wolves , you 'd be my target .
 And when I go after someone , I don 't miss .
 Purger I 'interieur , etiendre la lumiere dans cette f ...
 Monique :
 [ Bell ringing ]

 Your reading was beautiful . Sneak attack .
 Not fair .
 I 'm still pissed .
 Tell me about the key .
 I thought you said you didn 't want to know .
 I 'd like to say I slept on it , but I didn 't sleep .
 I stayed awake all night next to the body of a hexed priest only to attend a funeral filled with vampires .
 So I 'm thinking you should tell me about the key .

 Kieran told me that the key leads to something that can be used against the supernaturals if we ever get too far out of line .
 Kieran and I had our ups and downs , but we trusted each other .
 So I let it be .
 Because I knew if he had to use whatever Pandora 's box that key opens , it 'd be because he didn 't have a choice .
 You could 've just asked me for it .
 Would you have just handed it over ?

 So what does it open ? I don 't know . I turned the city upside down
 last night trying to find it .
 The church , the rectory .
 I even searched your family 's tomb .
 It 's hard to find a needle in a haystack when you don 't even know what the needle looks like .
 And you want to know if I have any ideas .
 That 's why you 're here . I 'm here because my friend died and my other friend is grieving .
 You can question my intentions all day long ,
 Cami . I 'm here for Kieran .
 And I 'm here for you .
 [ Music playing ]
 [ Coughs ]
 You all right ? You look ...
 A hundred months ' pregnant and pissed off at the world ?
 I was going to say , " you look lovely . "

 Do you think I was the target of those bombings ?
 Of course you were the target .
 Were I to wage a war on the wolves , you 'd be my first kill .
 I would string you up for all your worship .
 I believe that was my brother 's way of telling you he 'd like you to return home with us .
 Perhaps try a different approach , Niklaus , with fewer references to murder .
 As much as I would hate to throw you over my shoulder and drag you kicking and screaming to the compound , we both know I will for the sake of my child .
 One bad dream , and suddenly you want to be a responsible daddy .
 Let me put this in perspective .
 My father lived to torment me .
 It is not my intention to become him . This cycle of misery ends with my child .
 [ Chuckles softly ]
 You forgot one thing in your attempt to plead your case .
 She 's not your child .
 She 's ours . Very heartfelt , Niklaus .
 I bloody hate funerals .
 Cami ...
 [ Clears throat ] Hayley , hi .
 Hi .
 I know you don 't know me . I just wanted to say that I ...
 I 'm sorry about your Uncle .
 He was really good to people like me during the storm , and I really appreciated that .
 Thank you .
 You want something , don 't you ?
 I 'm sorry about the timing .
 I was just wondering if before he died , he said anything weird about Francesca Correa .
 I think that she may have been involved in an attack on the bayou .
 If you hear anything ...
 Look , Hayley , I 'm tr mostly failing ...
 To stay out of all this stuff , but she 's a real bitch .
 So , yeah , if I hear anything , I 'll let you know .
 Thanks .
 Um , again , sorry about your Uncle .
 Me , too .
 [ Coughing ]

 Klaus !


 Hayley !




 Genevieve : I can help .
 Don 't you touch her .
 Let her be , Elijah . She was a nurse .
 There 's a spell I can do .
 Klaus , get chamomile from the pantry . Genevieve :

 She 's trembling .
 Your jacket , Elijah .
 She 's not breathing . [ Muffled ]
 I can hear the baby 's heartbeat , but not hers .
 [ Gasping ]

 Who are you ?
 I suppose ...
 I 'm family .


 In the beginning was the word . And the word was with God .
 He was with God in the beginning .
 In him was life .
 And that life was the light of all mankind .
 The light shines in the darkness .
 And the darkness has not overcome it .

 Cami ...

 Sean didn 't have a funeral .
 Our parents wanted nothing to do with him , so the city had him buried out here with the criminals and the John does ...
 The great unloved .

 You said you checked my family 's tomb , but I 've been thinking .
 All this time , I wondered why Kieran didn 't have Sean interred , where he belonged , with the family .
 But then I realized , what if he saw an opportunity to hide something he didn 't want anyone else to find ?
 Cami , we can do this another time .
 Bad timing is the theme of the day .
 I 'm going to need a sledgehammer .
 Coeur blesse , battre avec mwen ...

 Come on . Elijah :

 She 's still not breathing .
 It 's not working .
 I assume my reputation precedes me .
 This is a nightmare . I 'm dreaming .
 On the contrary , my darling .
 This is very real .
 Welcome to my hell .
 Stuck in an eternity of watching over that hideous creature my children call brother .
 You 're dead . How can I be here ?


 Oh , my God .
 No !
 No !
 The baby ! The baby ? Aah !
 That kid never had a chance !
 And as if your bloodline isn 't filth enough , you poison it by merging it with Klaus ' ? [ Chuckling ]
 The deathless vermin fancying himself a daddy .
 [ Screaming ] Aah !


 She 's not dead .
 I 'm not dead .
 If I was dead , you wouldn 't be trying to kill me .
 [ Chanting continues ]
 I 'm taking her to a real doctor .
 If you move her from here , my spell will break .
 There won 't be enough time to get her to a hospital .
 Will the baby survive if delivered now ?
 I 'll rip it out of her myself . Hayley will bleed to death .

 I won 't lose that baby .
 I won 't lose either of them .
 [ Genevieve 's chanting resumes ]
 [ Distorted chants ]



 I know what to do . Get my bag ... The gris- gris pouch .
 Now !
 You 're dead , Mikael .
 Your son already beat you . He is not my son !
 He 's a scourge , a walking symbol of weakness .

 There is no saving that atrocity festering in your womb .
 Klaus will destroy it one way or another .
 Better he dies now and you along with it .
 Aah !
 My daughter has an advantage Klaus never had .
 She will never , ever know you .
 [ Gasping ] Hayley .

 You 're all right , love . You 're all right .
 I saw him , and he tried to kill me .
 I saw Mikael .

 [ Knock knock ]
 You 've proved quite resilient , little wolf .
 Fighters , both of you .
 I guess we 've had to be , especially lately .

 I 've decided that I 'm going to move back in .
 Well , I 'm relieved to hear it . But no mouth- breathing bodyguards , no telling me what to do .
 All I ask is that the child is kept safe .
 And what about me ?
 What happens after she 's born ?
 If you try to take her away from me , I ...
 Come with me , hmm ?
 Please .
 I want to show you something .


 Believe it or not , Hayley , I would actually like you to be here .
 Our daughter should be raised by her parents in her family home .
 You , me , Elijah , and the miracle baby all under one roof .
 Sounds like a bad reality show .
 [ Chuckles ]

 You said you saw my father .
 Why do you call him that ?
 He 's not your real dad .
 He 's done damage only a father could do .
 What did he say to you ?

 Nothing true .
 [ Music playing ]


 Hayley and the baby are fine .
 I 'd take her to a doctor when she 's gotten some rest , if you want , but she 's in the clear .

 I 'll see myself out .
 Genevieve ...


 Thank you for your help .
 You 're welcome . You tore my sister from my family .
 I cannot forgive that .
 However , I may be inclined to show a degree more of kindness if you were to help me with a slight issue .
 Anything . When the baby arrives , Hayley will once again transform with a full moon .
 Now , I would like to create for her a gift , a ring of empowerment , something to control this curse .
 What kind of spell would ...
 A spell of my mother 's , from her grimoire , which , as I understand , you have been rather eager to obtain .

 Someone must have gotten to it .

 I don 't think so .


 My brother taught me this code 15 years ago .
 I never knew how he learned it .
 You can tell me what that says ?
 I can ...
 But I won 't . I 'm sorry . Cami , this is too ...
 Dangerous . Yeah . I got it .
 But if Kieran taught Sean this ...
 My brother was meant to be brought into it all along .
 That makes it my responsibility now , whether I like it or not .


 What the hell did you do to Hayley ?
 I was trying to do what the ancestors asked .
 That baby is part witch .
 The ancestors want her consecrated to the earth so her magic can fuel our community .
 She has to be born first before she can die .
 Leave .
 I don 't want to look at you .
 Allumez le feu dans cette femme ...


 Misericorde . Don 't make me do this .
 [ Sobbing ]
 She 's a baby .
 Don 't make me a monster .
 Please .

 No .
 [ Screaming ]
 Uh !
 Aah ...

 N ... no .

 I 'm sorry .
 I 'm sorry .
 I 'm sorry .
 I 'll do it .
 I 'll do whatever you want !

 Hayley has agreed to return home to us ...
 Of her own freewill .

 When Mikael is truly gone , do you think then I 'll find peace ?
 I certainly hope so .
 Although it 's not only our father that haunts you , Niklaus .
 You might want to make peace with the living .

 I demand to know why their freedom has not been granted . Marcel :
 All necessary authorities have ruled in their favor .
 You think I don 't remember you , boy ? Have they turned you into one of them yet ?
 [ Chuckling ]
 I thought not .
 [ Screaming ]
 [ Woman groans ]
 [ Gunshots ]
 Ugh !




 Here . Let me heal you . No .
 You 've always said we 'd choose our family .
 So what am I to you , Klaus ?
 You made me a promise when you daggered your sister .
 It 's finally time to make a choice .
 Turn me now ... Or let me die .
 You do not know what you ask of me .
 Becoming like me ...
 It would Rob you of all that makes you good .
 I know what you are ...
 Who you are .
 This is what I want .
 Please .
 [ Labored breathing ]
 [ Crack ]




 Your furlough ends when the clock strikes .
 I 'm aware . Don 't worry .
 I intend to be far away from here by then .
 But just because I 'm across the river doesn 't mean I 'm out of the game .
 A full moon 's coming . I know you 're up to something with the wolves .
 And I 've been racking my brain , trying to figure out what .
 And any way I do the math , it ends with me and my guys dead .
 Or maybe we 're supposed to fall in line , pledge our allegiance to you all over again .
 So if we get bitten , you might deign to cure us .
 Is that what you 're after ?
 Because it 's not gonna happen .
 Well , that will be your choice , just as you chose to bring my father to town ...
 You , who knows better than anyone the specific agony of a father 's hatred .
 Klaus ...
 I spent decades trying to make up for what your father did .
 How did I fail ?
 Maybe the scars just ran too deep .

 Good night , Marcellus .
 You didn 't fail me .
 You raised me .
 You taught me everything that I know .
 You taught me that I can 't afford to be weak , not when my enemies are stronger .
 So whatever it is you got coming with the wolves , just know that I 'm gonna fight for my guys .
 I 'm gonna fight for my city .
 And I will fight until I am dead .
 I would expect nothing less .
 [ Music playing ]

 If I died and someone threw a party , I would be so pissed .

 You almost did .

 In a thousand years , I can 't recall a time
 I 've felt so frightened .

 Elijah ...
 [ Chimes ringing ]
 Tim , is that you ?


 Who are you ?
 Your friend Timothy has moved on , Davina .
 I 'm truly sorry for what my son did to him .
 You 're Klaus ' father .
 And I 'm the only one who can rid you of him forever . [ Speech echoing ]
 But first , my little witch ... I need you .
 What can I do ?
 You can bring me back to life .
