There is a gentleman downstairs T here  ' sagentlemendownstairs . . . let him wait a while Mrs Hudson A skhimtowitamoment , Mr rs .
H u d s o n .
He was very insistent on He 'smostinsistent.
Now relax Easynow.
Relax E asy. I must apologize I mustapologize.
I 'm a little overworked I havebeenalittleoverwr ought .
I am mr doctor I  ' madoctor , sir , now you have to relax and I mustinsist that yourela xyourself don 't talk until you eat and say nothing until you have eaten .
Thank you Thankyou .
If you give me cookies and milk I f I mighthaveabiscuitanda glassofmilk
That way I will definitely be better I havenodoubt I shouldsoonbebetter .
Mrs hudson is now getting ready to eat Mrs .
H u d s o n   i s   p r e p a r i n g   s o m e t h i n g   a t   t h i s   m o m e n t .
Please forgive my weak P lease, please, pleaseforgivethisweakness.
I really have to . . .
I   r e a l l y   m u s t . . .
Mr. Holmes Mr. r.
H o l m e s .
At your command A tyourservice .
Master of Arts. Doctor of Philosophy.
Principal of the Priory School, the principal of the monastic school.
Dr. Huxdarburg A distinguished drifter like you I sitnoteveryday , Doctor H uxtable ,
Died on the rug in front of my fireplace thatsoditinguishedac astawayasyourself It 's not every day is beachedupononthehea rthrug .
In speculating what storm hadblown you here,
I took the libertyofsearc hingyourperson without authorization to view your personal belongings, I hope you will forgive I hopeyouwillforgiveme.
Yes of course O hyes , yesofcourse .
Please take P leasesitdown.
Your watch Yourwatch .
Thirty years have passed without a single blemish Unblemished for atleastt hirtyyears , yet this morning it was scratched suddenly this morning sc ratched .
When you put these coins in your vest pocket When youthrustthosecoins , you inadvertently scratch them unthinkinglyintoyourw aistcoatpocket .
A lifetime of strict habits is put in disregard of Thesternhabitofalifeti metrampledunderfoot.
This thing may be trivial
It may herald an earthquake maysignalanearthquake. Your messy beard shows that The stateofyourbearddem onstrates Your lifestyle has been significantly disrupted aconsiderabledisrupti ontoyourroutine.
three days ago ?
T h r e e   d a y s   a g o ?
Yes sir Yessir .
Yes sir Yessir .
Mr. Holmes I beg you to join me Mr. Holmes, I begyoutoaccompanyme to go north immediately to Macleton northto Macletonimmediately.
This is the most important thing A matteroftheutmostimpo rtance .
Forgiveness is difficult to obey A we , I regret .
Dr. Watson and I, Doctor Watson and I, are extremely stressed at the moment areextremelypressedju statthemoment .
I  ' mretained in the case of the F errers D ocuments ,
Dr. Watson also told me and Doctor Watsontellsme that he was busy with the current scarlet fever epidemic thatthe  ' srunoffhisfeet by this recentepidemico fthis S carlet F ever .
And A bergavenny Andthenofcourse, there 's A bergavennymurdercomin goofftrial.
Now only extremely important cases No , only avery important issue can draw our attention couldcallusawayatthep resent.
Important sir? Important , sir ? Important case ?
I m p o r t a n t ?
Excuse me, have you heard of I daresayyou  ' veheardof
The Duke of H oldernesse?
Former cabinet minister ? T heformercabinet minister ?
Not only that Watson Morethanthat , Watson .
The title The helettersafterhisname , huh , behind his name, but there are countless almost halfthealphabet .
One of the king 's greatest subjects, Ofthegreatestsubjec tsothecrown, is it Dr. Huxdarburg? hey D octor H uxtable ?
Not only the greatest Ofthegreatestandpro bably
And also the oneofthewealthiest of the richest people.
May I proudly announce that he is also my neighbor Heisalso , I  ' mproudtosay , immyneighbor .
H oldernesse Hall , his countryseat , near the abbey college isacross from the valley from the Priory School .
The Duke is reclusive. Dukeisanintenselysolit aryman.
He shunned the public eye H eappalls the prospect of public scrutiny But in this matter it was also the source of his anxiety butsuchishisanxietyin thismatter His lord the duke is ready thatthisgraceisprepare dtowriteacheck
Spend five thousand pounds to see the businessoff
another thousand pounds andanotherthousandpou nds
Make the bad guys get their due punishment toseejusticevisitedup onthevillains .
That 's how important things are T hatishow important .
Attractive return Dr. Haxdarburg A princelyoffer , Doctor H uxtable .
But you did not state your case Youhavefailedindescript ingvillainy .
Please forgive Forgiveme.
Lord Saltire , the Duke  ' sson , his onlychild ,
Kidnapped hasbeenabducted.
From the Monastery School? From the Priory School?
Yes. Under your watch?
W h e n   h e   w a s   i n   y o u r   c a r e ?
Nice Q uite .
This happened just three days ago? A ndthisabductionhappen edthreedaysago ?
Last Saturday night Last Saturdaynight .
Why did it take you so long to come to me W hyhaveyouwaitedsolong beforeconsultingme ?
His lord the duke fears that H is G racehasadeephorror which will expose his family unhappiness to the public being dragged before the world.
The Duke asked the police to havebeenreque sted by the Duke to proceed with such caution that they . . .
I understand I see .
The incident was handled extremely inappropriately. T hisaffairhasbeendeplo rably handled .
I have to admit I feelitandadmitit.
How much is the ransom demanded? What form of the demand for ransomtake?
No T herehasbeennone.
No ransom?
N o   d e m a n d   f o r   r a n s o m ?
Don 't N one. One thing I tisoneofthemost perplexingaspectsofth ebusiness
That is the boy is not the only one missing fortheboywasnotalonei nhisflight.
Moral teacher Herr Heidegger, the Germanmaster, is also missing, by the way along with his bicycle asindeed, bytheway, ishisbicycle.
If he kidnapped the boy I fhehasabducted the boy why didn 't he get the demand for ransom whyhasnodemandformone ybeenreceived ?
Heidiger came from Switzerland to join me, Heideggercametomefrom S witzerland. His evaluation has always been very good withtheverybestrefere nces.
Was there only one bike missing Wasanyotherbicyclemissing ?
Yes Ohno.
Are you sure You  ' recertain ? Right . Mr. Aveling has checked all the bikesQuite Mr .
A velingcheckedallthebi cycles . Dr. Huxdarburg you mean D octor H uxtabledoyoureallymea ntosuggest this german teacher rides a bicycle thatthis G ermanmasterrodeoffupo nhisbicycle
tuck the boy under the arm inthedeadofnight
flee in the dark? bearingtheboyinhisarm s ?
not No .
So what conclusion did you come to? Then whatisthistheoryin yourmind ?
Bicycle may havebeena blind .
He may have hid the car somewhere. He mayhavehiddenitsomew here, both walk away and the pairgoneoffonfo ot.
Of course he could also hide two bikes S urelyhewouldhavehidde nacoupleofbicycles if he wanted to create the illusion ifhedesiredtogivethat impression .
I think yes Yes I supposehewould .
Of course he would be Dr. Huxdarburg Ofcoursehewould. Doctor Huxtable, your blindfold theory obviously doesn 't make sense thisblindtheoryofyour swillnotdo.
But this is also a good start for an investigation I tisanadmirablestarting gpoint foraninvestigation .
Watson , can you call a cab Watson , wouldyousendforthecab immediately ?
Now Holmes Now Holmes? Call a car to pack Set, andpack.
We just We gotjustenoughtime
Can catch the midnight train from St Pancras to catch the overnight train from S t P ancras . Doctor H uxtable I shalldoalittle
Do a little research workatyourdoors . Maybe not too cold on the train P erhapsthetrainisnotso cold but two old hounds like Watson and myselfbutthetwooldhoundslike eWatsonandmyself
Might sniff out something from makegetasniffonit . I imagine the arrival of Lord S altireatyourschool of Lord S altireatyourschool
It must be no glory for you musthavebeenquiteafea therinyourcap . Is my proudest moment Mr. Holmes M yproudestmoment , Mr r .
H olmes . Huxtable  's Sidelightson Horace , when E versince Blackwell  's published E versince Blackwell  's Insights on Horace ,
At that time it was a little famous anotablelittlesuccess inhisday .
You may have heard of no Youmayhaveheardofit.
No.
How old is the boy Howoldistheboy ?
N ine . How long has he been in school? A ndhe  ' sbeenwithyouhowlong ?
From winter term O hsincethebeginningoft hewinterterm .
A special child who quickly adapted to school life
He uh . . He eum . . .
What 's wrong? Yes? I was about to say I was abouttosay he wasn 't very happy at home hewasnotentirelyhappy athome.
The Duke 's marriage is not a happy one.
Last year, the two parties agreed to separate by agreement. I tendedinseparation bym utualconsentlastyear.
The Duchess moved back to The Duchesshas returned to her father 's mansion in Venice toherfather ' spalatsoin Venice.
How did you find out about the Duke 's marital status, T hispicture , of the Duke  ' smarriage ? howdidyoucomebyit ?
I s   i t   c o m m o n   k n o w l e d g e ?
I 've had several private conversations with Mr. Walder, I 'vehadsomeconfidential talkswith Mr.Wilder, who is the Duke 'ssecretary.
He provided a lot of information He  'sbeenmost helpful.
I think it has been confirmed that A nd I supposeithasbeenestab lished that the boy didn 't thattheboyhasnotretur ned to go to Italy to find his mother tohismotherin I taly ?
Yes it has been confirmed O hyes.
Y e s   i t   h a s .
I cannot tell you Mr. Holmes I cannottellyou , Mr. Holmes , what a psychological comfort this is to me . . . whatareliefitistome . . .
Watson Watson ?
Here comes your Mr. Fan Coming ! Yourpicnic , sir .
Mrs. Hudson, how did you guess?
M r s .
H u d s o n ,   h o w   d i d   y o u   g u e s s ?
Experience only Mr. Holmes Experience, Mr. r.
H olmes . This means that these two gentlemen can be on the train Well that means the twodoc torscan picnicaway
Discuss important issues while eating totheirheartscontento nthetrain . Even I may find E ven I mayfindmyappetite iskeenerforafewdays in an atmosphere full of rustic aromas
Appetite suddenly improved inthebracingatmospher eofthepeatcountry .
I think I can justly say I think I willdomyselfnoinjustice Abbey School is the best preparatory school in England when I saythatthe P riory School isthemostselectpreparatoryschoolinEngland.
Lord L everstoke, the Earl of Blackwater, and the Earl of Blackwater, and Sir Cathcart S oames,
They all have entrusted their sons to me theyallhaveentrustedt heirsonstome . You can 't see Youcan  'tsee H oldernesse H allfromhere from here but there  ' saveryfineviewfromthe chapeltower .
These sites do not need to see Heritageisskippingyou .
I start with the boy 's room I will begin with the boy  ' sroom .
written by his father?
F romhisfather ? It was I tarrivedonthemorningo fhisdisappearance sent the morning he disappeared.
Has he received a letter from Italy H adhereceivedonefrom I taly ?
Not recently .
Where is the letter W hereistheletternow ?
I tcannot be found . I tmusthavebeenontheboy  ' sperson when he was kidnapped
The letter must be on him whenhewasabducted. Who slept in the next room? W hosleepsintheadjoinin groom?
No big deal you guys do your It  ' salright .
Justkeepgoing . I dare say you kid I knowthissortofchap I daresay .
I can 't wake up even when I 'm sleeping in a thunderstorm.
I don 't think so sir I don  ' tthinkhewouldsir . Really why do you think so ?
R eallyandwhyisthatdoyo usuppose ? There is Mr. Mouse T here  ' samousesir .
On the siding Mr Inthewainscot, sir. woke us both up Mr Anditwakesusbothupsir.
This happens from time to time Mr. S ometimessir .
Mouse? Mouse? What 's the sound in Lord Saltire 's room Soanynoisefrom Lord Saltire  ' sroom . .
Door slams Mr Wellthedoorcreakssir.
You always hear the door slamming. On the night of the disappe arance he disappeared,
Did you hear anything unusual? didyouhearanythingthe n ?
No Mr No osir .
You couldn 't even hear the cry.
cry ?
C r y i n g ?
Yes Mr Yessir. He sometimes cry Mr Hesometimescriessir.
Sometimes it 's just Mr. S ometimessir .
Thank you T hankyouboys .
Didn 't find anything on the ground?
Y o u   h a v e   f o u n d   n o t h i n g   i n   t h e   g r o u n d s ?
Nothing I have found is very useful T here  ' snoknowingwhat I have found .
The traces were destroyed in Thetrailiscold .
Headmaster Headmaster !

Headmaster Headmaster !
The Duke of Holderes came to the Headmaster The Dukeof H oldernesseishereheadm aster .
Thank you Mr. EvelynT hankyou , Mr r .
A v e l i n g .
With Mr. Wald With Mr. r.
W i l d e r .

Mr. Holmes Mr. r.
H o l m e s ?
Yes Yes .
The Duke is waiting Mr. Holmes The Dukeiswaiting, Mr.
H o l m e s .
How can it be useless T hatwillneverdo .
Lord Duke Your G race ,
Mr. Wilder Mr. Wilder. I called you yesterday Dr. Huxtable I calledyesterday, Doctor Huxtable,
But to stop you from going to London but I wastoolate
It is too late topreventyourstarting for L ondon . The Lord Duke of Huxdarburg is amazed that H is G raceissurprised , Doctor H uxtable , that you should finvite d M r without consulting him.
H o l m e s
Just invite Mr. Holmes toundertakeaninvestigation without authorization
Come to investigate withoutconsultinghimf irst . I don 't think the police are making progress Well I thought that the policeh adfailed .
There is no definitive evidence that I tisbynomeanscertain
The police have made no progress that the police have failed .
Yes but to be honest Mr. Wilder Yes , butsurely , Mr. Wilder .. .
Lord Duke is anxious howanxioushis G raceis
He desperately wants to avoid public scandals to avoid all public scand al .
The less informed the better intohisconfidence. Sorry Mr. Wald I 'msorry, Mr. r.
Wilder . This is easily remedied Thematteriseasilyremedied
Mr. Sherlock Holmes can Mr. S herlock Holmescan return to L ondon
Take the morning train back to London bythemorningtrain. Not really Hardlythat.
Not really Hardlythat . I enjoy yourinvigorating northernair .
In any case I shallspend, atanyrate, afewdaysuponyourmoors afewdaysuponyourmoors in your wilderness.
Who knows if I 'll find Whoknows I mayatleastfind Herr Heidegger 's bike or something. Herr Heeidegger  ' sbicycle , ifnothingelse .
This is no small matter Mr. Holmes T hisisnotatrivialmatter , Mr .
H olmes . I 'm glad you think so of the Duke I amgratified that youthi nknot , your G race .
If it makes any sense to say Mr. Sherlock Holmes I ftherewasmeaningintha tremark , Mr .
H o l m e s ,
I 'm afraid I didn 't see it I 'mafraiditescapedme. Your only child is missing Youronlychildhasdisapp eared.
Your hope Your future Your hope , your future , your noble family future yournoble family itself
Danger of ruin isthreatenedwithdisil lusion . What do you want to say sir Yourpoint , sir ?
I would like to ask the duke I askyour G race, what is the essence whatismodestytothis,
Your son 's life is more important to the family toyourchild  ' slife ?
Or is his reputation more important to the family?
O rhisreputation ? I can 't answer this question for the time being. No otthenitmightbereplie d What is there to talk about without honor whatiscontinuancewith outhonor ?
However, I think your words are basically correct. However, I believe you arelargelyi ntheright,
Mr. Holmes Mr. Holmes. If you mean I fyourefertotheconstra ints
I have placed duponthe acti vities of the police
Maybe I 'm a bit of a strongman thenperhaps I haveimposedtoomuch . I have a morbid fear I haveamorbidfear
Fear of public attention of the public gaze. It would be foolish if we did not accept Mr. Holmes ' help I twouldbefoolishnottoa vailourselves James of Mr.
H o l m e s '   s e r v i c e s ,   J a m e s ,
Not to mention he has come now thattheishere.
Mr. Holmes Mr. r.
H o l m e s ?
Your Lord Your G race ? Maybe you should come with us P erhapsyouwouldliketoc omeandstaywithus
Live in Holdernesse House at H oldernesse H all . Thank you Lord Duke I thankyour Race , but I think for the purposes of my investigation
I still stay at the scene of this strange case itwouldbewiserforme
Be more wise toremainhereatthescen eofthemystery.
As you wish Asyouwish Mr. Walder or myself Mr. Wilderormyself
will provide you with any willbeavailabletoprovideyouwith
any assistance that you may need that youm ight require . can i ask M ight i askwhether for the mysterious disappearance of your son you haveformedanyexpla nation
Do you remember the cause? astothemysteriousdisa ppearanceofyourson?
No sir no No , sir .
I   h a v e   n o t .
He is a good boy Mr. Holmes Heisafineboy, Mr.
Holmes . How long has he been in your class ?
A n d   h o w   l o n g   h a s   h e   b e e n   i n   y o u r   c l a s s ?
From his arrival here S incehisarrivalhere .
Did he talk much about his family Didhespeakmuchofhisfam ily ?
Not much N otmuch . In my opinion he misses his mother I t  ' smybeliefthathemissed hismother Maybe it has something to do with what his father did you know . . . thisissomethingofhisf ather  ' sdoing ,doyouknow . . .
Regarding the separation of the Duke and Duchess Theseparation betweenth e D uke and the D uchess ,
did he talk about that ?
Not necessarily Notreally .
A little mysterious that kid stressed I t  ' salittlemysterious . Theboyinsisted
The two of them love each other so much that they love each other rverymuch . You don 't think the rumors of feud Y oudon  ' tsopposethere  ' llbewhistling
Just gossip? inthewindandallthat? no he 's a very realistic kid No oheisaveryrealisticch ild .
Well but not a very realistic family A we , but notaveryrealisticf amily .
Someone told me they I wastoldthatthey
Once a member of the Hellfire Club wereoncemembersofthe H ellfire C lub . I don 't think you would know Youwouldn  ' tknow , I suppose , whattime H err H eideggerretiredtohisr oom on the night of the disappearance
when did hull haittig come back to the room onthenightofthedisappearance ? not exactly but late notreallybutquitelate .

After eleven o 'clock A ftereleven.
He was the teacher on duty that night Hewasdutyroundmasterth atnight . I think he still rides a bike ?
A n d   a   c y c l i s t s   I   b e l i e v e ?
yes good Yes , ohyes .
Will Lord Sutter ride D id Lord S altireeveraccompanyhi m .
No oheisnotyetabletoreta inhisbalance
what brand is it on Herr Heidegger  ' sbicycle ?
Of course know Certainly .
A lovelybicycle by theway made in Bramen . The tires are Thetireswere Palmer ,
It 's the kind of youknowtheoneswithlon gitudinaltread with stripes on it.
This I know I knowtheones .
Thank you Thankyou .
So useful. Doublyhelpful.
My Glory Mr. Sherlock Pleasure, Mr.
H o l m e s .
Dinner starts at 8:00 D innerwillbeateight .
Please forgive I begyourpardon .

Sherlock Holmes ?
This case attracted me to Watson T hiscasegrowsuponme , Watson .
There are a few points obviously T herearedecidedlypoint sofinterest
There is a significant connection with the case inconnectionwithit .
Come take a look at this map Herelookatthismap . Be sure some locations T herearecertaingeograp hicalfeatures , with our survey whichmayhaveagooddeal todo
Closely related withourinvestigation. The black square is T hisdarksquareisthe P riory School .
The main road is within a mile of T his , the main road with noside turning
It is foramileeitherway without turning. North of the school Tothenorthoftheschool
The terrain rises slowly thelandrisesslowly. To the south, Tothesouth, a large wasteland alargedistrictofarabl eland,
with high walls and fences with highwallsandhedge rows ,
Cycling is impossible through the impossibleterritoryfo rabicycle. What did you find in Okaburg?
O hwhatdidyou discover at O ​​akborn ? where the police did a full enquiry from all over the place Well the police had reports
Did you see a man with a boy onamanandaboyseentoge ther . They completed theirinve stigationonthesite this morning
Completed this survey earlythismorning.
What result? Nothing What result?
Not the slightest resemblance oftheboyortheG ermanmaster.
Excellent Excelent . These erroneous views T hismassofmistakensigh tings , Watson ,
Confirmed my suspicions itconfirmsmysuspicion.
I don 't think they took the big road I don  ' tbelievetheyusedthero ad .
Will surely find the light that will bring discoveries.
I don 't think they took the road at all. I don 't thinkthey used the road atall. But what about the bikes Butthebicycle?
A good cyclist doesn 't have to be on the road to ride A goodcyclistdoesnotnee daroad , Watson .
The intricate paths on the wasteland The hemooris intersectedwi thpaths .
I remember it was a full moon
Must be hiding in the north thatourquestmustlie.
You 're doing well Watson Youhavedonewell , Watson . It 's almost supper time so be glad
I need to do some research onwhich I need to be satisfied .
Herr Heidegger  ' sroom .
Just ten minutes T enminutes . Dr. Sherlock Holmes is exploring Doctor Holmesis beingdelving
The origin of the Holderes family intotheoriginsofthe H oldernessefamily. Like many ancient cluesLikemanyancientlines
From a dirty source itssprangfromaverymudd ysource.
Dirty Expert? Muddy Doctor? Needless to say, Wellnottobetoodelicate aboutit,
They are the cattle thieves theywerecattlethieves. The peasant class has a worrierclass, ingenious, but the source of their money is daringbutthebasisofth eirwealth
But it is closely related to other people 's cattle was running off with other people  ' scows .
Sherlock Holmes even told me that Holdenessehasfurnished
Funded one of the madder members of the H ell Fire C lub .
What happened to Dr. Huxdarburg Whatisthematter Doctor H uxtable ?
Nothing I tisnothing .
But apparently there is something Butit 'sclearlysomething.
My expectations were too high. I expecttoomuch I 'msure.
This is part time I tisapart - timejob .
Tell us your expectations Tellusyourexpectations ?
I don 't expect miracles I donotexpectmiracles . I don 't think I am one I think I amnotaman who demands miracles
But you still found nothing but you have discoveredn othing . We haven  ' t found ,
There is no evidence of notajotsincethemoment weleft L ondon since we left London .
Although in fact not so A lthoughindeedthatisno ttrue.
You have discovered two things but both are trivial Youhave discovered twoth ings , both falsums . One is a rumor One , asqualidpieceofgossip and theotheranepocrifu landinsultingfancy about the family of my great patron
Shameless guessing about theoriginsofmygr eatpatron . I invite you to Mr. Holmes I didnotemployyoutocome here
Not to blacken the name of the H oldernesses ', Mr. Holmes.
Calm down Dr. Huxdarburg Calmyourself , Doctor H uxtable .
In fact we have found some clues We haveinfact , found someway , I can tell you some details
What the hell happened in the school onthatfatefulnight . and your extremely loyal A lsoththebehaviorofyoure xcellent
German teacher as andfaithful Germanmaster. Loyal black grid?
F a i t h f u l ,   H e i d e g g e r ?
What is Mr. Whatsir?
Herr Hadige after eleven o 'clock Herr H eideggerretiredtohisr oom
back to his room soonaftereleveno  ' clock .
He was Hewasthedutymaster that night . Now my friend and colleague Doctor Watson, N owmyfriendandcolleague , Doctor Watson ,
Willimpersonate what happened that night.
Heidiger has to work for two more hours He eideggerhasstilltwoho ursworkaheadofhim
He has had a tiring day andit  ' sbeenalongday . He took off his coat H eallowshimselfthecomfort
Make yourself more comfortable ofremovinghisjacket . He goes to the chest by the door.
Poured myself a glass of sherry and poured myself a glass of sherry . The work at hand Badlyneededfortificati on
The support of wine is in great need of the taskthatliesahea d .
He picked up the candlestick Hecollectsthecandle and put it on the table andmovestohisdesk There are 2 2 homework to be approved tocorrecttwenty - twoexercisebooks ,
includes not only grammar exercises which contain not only Grammatikexercises
There is also a lengthy composition but also alengthy composition . My point is that Dr. Huxdarburg Youseemypoint , Doctor Huxtable , if he did nothing else itwouldhavebeenwellaf termidnight
when he blows out the candle ifhehaddonothingels e,
It should be after midnight whenhiscandlefailshim .
The candles were placed in the chest by the door. Thecandlesarekeptinthe chestbythedoor.He got up to get another Heartisesfromthedesktofetchanotheronebut there was no light he could not find the candlebuthecannotseetofindthem,
so he went to the window soheturnstothewindows
draw the curtains
Want to see better by the moonlight toseebetterbythemoonl ight .
On the roof of the gate tower A crosstherooftopson the gatetower
so that his escape would not be discovered knowingthathisflightm ustnotbeobserved
Go on a date by the river tokeephisprearrangedm eetingbytheriver .
Feeling the seriousness of the situation, S ensingtheenormityofwh atwastakingplace, Heidiger ran to the doorH eideggerrunstothedoor, that 's how he knocked down knockingoverwhatremai ns
The glass of sherry he drank left of hisglasssherryasheg oes .

I understand I see .
Thank you Thankyou .
It seems that I underestimated you I tseems I misjudgedyou . The decision he made to go after the child Thewisdomofhischoice
Its rationality is questionable topursuetheboyisquestionable.
I believe his fortunes were thus reversed I believehisfatemaybese aled .
Allow me to ask Mr. Holmes You  'llallowme , Mr.
H olmes ? you mean? Do oyoumean ?
I hope not but if my inference is correct I hopenotbutifmyreasoni ngiscorrect
Then I really worry about him then I dofearforhim .
What about the child?
A n d   t h e   b o y ?
Thekeytothat, Doctor Huxtable,
right there remainsoutthere.
Just across the Gill Bridge Beyond the D rover  's Bridge .
Poor livestock P oorbeast .
Annunciation Bird Carryingcrows .
They don 't live up to their name T heyruintheirname .
S owere assuming the boy that the boy was taken away on horseback wastakenawayonhorseba ckarewenot ?
Not bad Certainly .
Otherwise, Heidiger wouldn 't have to chase them by bike. Neededabicycletopursu ethem.
But we can only find the footprints of cattle Sherlock Holmes Buttheonlytrackswe  'vefoundarecattle ,H olmes .
Sherlock Holmes ? Sherlock Holmes ?
Trace Watson A track , Watson !
There are traces of A track .
Bicycle? A bicycle?
Certainly a certain bike of course but not the bike we were looking for.
I am familiar with 4 2 kinds of I  ' mfamiliarwithforty - the different impressions left by the two tires differentimpressionsl eftbytires .
This is Dunlop 's T hisisa D unlop tire is thickened withapatchupontheoute rcover .
Heidiger 's tires are Palmer 's Heidegger  ' stireswere Palmers ,
This is not the track left by Heidegger 's wheels.
whose ?
Who  ' shen ? Who is it ?
W h o ' s   i n d e e d ?
Watson Watson !
This is the Palmer brand of These Palmertracks , Heidiger walked this road Heideggerhasbeenthiswa y .
Absolutely unusual A bsolutely extraordinar y .
Dunlop 's tire marks after 150 yards D unloptracksforahundre dfiftyyards , they vanish and Palmer 's tires are clear and Palmertracksquiteclear
pointing to these rocks leadingtotheserocks,
Then also disappeared theyvanishtoo.
No trace of horses everywhere N otasignofahorseanywhe re .
Watson for the discovery of obvious traces Watson, you have ablazingtalent you have an amazing talent forobservingtheobviou s.
I should have brought some luncheon.
What the hell is Herr Heidiger chasing A nywaywhatwas Herr H eideggercyclingafter ,
Cow? cows?
It stands to reason that they wouldn 't use a cow back. P resumably theydidn ' tabductthechild
come kidnap that kid on the backofacow .
The traces of horses were erased A lltracesofhorsesoblit erated.
Evidence that In nmuchevidencethetwobi cycles two bikes disappeared out of thin air havevanishedintothina ir .
This is impossibleImpossible.
Absolutely impossible Precisely .
We can 't make the earlier mistakes again I tisimpossible as we have mistakenit , so in some respect therefore , insomerespect , we must have misunderstood wemusthavemistakenitw rong .
A little further on the edge of the moor T here  ' sahostelrymark has the mark of the inn on the further edge of the moor .
There  ' sahostelryon the Chesterfield Road , there  ' sahostelryon the Chesterfield Road .
If we go Y esifhewekeeponthislin e in this direction we will arrive at weshouldcomeuptoit .
I got there to try my luck Well that  ' swhere I  ' mgoingtotrymyluck .
I 'm hungry I 'mhungry.
Holmes ?
H o l m e s ?
Lunch. My dear friend you must be hungry. Ofcoursemydearfellowyo umustbestarving.
Now look at the map N owobservethatmap .
You will see a hotel Youwillseethatthere 'sahostelry aboutthreemilesinthisdirection.
We 'll see the Duke of Holderes in a moment We  ' llneedsomefoodifwe  ' regoingto We have to eat something facethe D ukeof H oldernesselater .
Didn 't find it?
N o t h i n g ?
Nothing was found.
I must tell the Duke I musttellhis Race .
Didn 't find it?
N o t h i n g ?
Nothing was found.
Sorry I 'm sorry.
Sorry I 'm sorry.
It 's locked. It 's locked.
This inn is like the painting on this board P rimitive butforceful shabby but abominable assportingportraitsgo .
Mr. Rubin Hayes? Mr. r.
R e u b e n   H a y e s ?
How do you know my name? Howdoyouknowmyname ?
It  ' sprinted over the door .
We want something to eat Were lookingforsomere freshment .
Yes ?
W e r e   y a ?
Anything you can provide would be greatly appreciated. A ndwouldbeobligedifyoucouldfurnishit.
Yes ?
W o u l d   y a ?
Will 's Wewould .
You have to ask the woman Youmustaskthewoman .
Poor man I nsufferablelout .
If this afternoon I fweregoingalltheway
To H oldernesse H allthisafternoon we can hire some horses letustrytohirethoseun preconditionedbeasts .
What did you say ?
W h a t   d o   y o u   s a y ?
How far to ride? How farareyoutakingthem?
Just to the Hallandback from here to the mansion. You should know the distance, right? Youknowtheway, I daresay?
I worked there for fifteen years I worked thereforfifteen years .
ok you can ride Yeah, you cantakethem.
Mr. Hayes, you are injured Myword, Mr. r.
H a y e s ,   y o u   h a v e   i n j u r e d   y o u r s e l f .
It 's okay I t  ' snothin  ' .
I 'm a doctor I 'm sure you really hurt I ama Doctorsir , andassureyouitis .
You should bandage Youhouldhaveitattende d .
How did you get hurt? Howdidyoucomebyit ?
O neofmydogsdidit of my dog ​​bites.
Those are scratched T hosescratches.
What 's going on Whataboutthem?
At first glance the scars are far apart.W ellatagentlerglanceth eywerethatfarapart .
What animal can cause such scratches Whatanimalwouldmakesuc hascratch?
Possibly a fighting chicken among roosters, P probablyadescendentoft hechampionjack.
Cockfighting is prohibited by law C ockfightingisforbidde nbylaw and has been banned for fifty years andhasbeenforfiftyyears .
There are many things prohibited by law. M anythingsareforbidden bylaw.
Where can there be any law in such a place What lawisthereinsuchpl acesasthese ?
Awesome Mrs Hayes Thank you A weexcellent , M rs . Hayes , thankyou .
What did you cook? What haveyoucooked?
Blood pudding dessert and nutsB loodpudding , sweetsandnuts
How about Watson Howisit , Watson ?
So disgusting Sherlock Holmes I tisdisgusting , Holmes .
That woman T hatwoman, she 's frightened of something she 's frightened of something perhaps not only by her husband and more than thathusban dofhers.
The trick is a loop D eceptionupondeception .
But what are these rings all about hiding?
W h a t   w a s   i t   i n t e n d e d   t o   h i d e ?
trick ?
D e c e p t i o n ?
Watson Oh, Watson, Horseshoes are lame myhorseislame.
So weird T hat  ' sodd .
Old shoes, new nails Old shoes, newnails.
Gentlemen Gentlemen .
The Duke wants to see you now. H is G racewillseeyounow .
Mr. Wilder A we , Mr . Wilder .
Mr. Holmes, Dr. Mr. Holmes, Doctor Watson, welcome to Holdernesse Hall.
The Duke will be here in a while. H is G racewillbejoiningussh ortly .
We have high hopes for your reasoning stunts WeareeplacinghighhopesonyourskillsMr.Holmes.
Did you bring any news D idyoubringnews ?
Only one point T hereisjustonepoint I haven 't figured out in which I needtobesatisfied .
What is Mr. Holmes?
Y e s   M r .
H o l m e s ?
This involves the Duke 's personal privacyI tconcernsthe Duke 'sprivateconcerns.
As the Duke 's private secretary A shis G race  ' sprivatesecretary maybe I can help a little perhaps I canbeofsomeassistance .
I know that on the day it happened I believehis G racewrotetohisson the Duke wrote to his son uponthedaythisinciden toccurred.
No that was written the day before N o I believehewroteontheda ybefore .
Yes but he received Yesbuthewouldhaverecei vedituponthatday .
Yes very likely Yes , quiteprobably .
Could there be something in that letter, Mighttherehavebeenanythinginthatletter, which would haveprompte dtheboytorunaway?
Oh I don 't think so Oh, I hardly thinkso.
The only place he can go is here A nywayhewouldhaverunhe reifanywhere .
Maybe he went to Italy to find her mother? O rtohismotherin I taly ?
No Mr No osir .
Lord Sartre must know that Lord S altirewould realize that is impossible theimpossibilityofach ievingsuchagoal.
Even if E venifabetted by this German was instigated by that German , he was a heisanintelligentandp racticalchild .
But he also cries when he sleeps A ndyeethecriesinhisslee p .
Did the Duke send the letter himself? Didhis G raceposttheletterhims elf?
The Duke has no habit of sending letters. H is G raceisnotinthehabitofpostletters .
That letter was put on the desk along with other letters The heletterwaslaidwithot hers on thestudytable I put there myself and I , myself , putthemthere .
The only other person who could touch them besides me would be Rivers, whodelivers the Daily Posttothelodge.
Are you sure this letter is with them Andyou  ' resurethisletterwasam ongthem ?
Yes I am sure O hyes .
I   o b s e r v e d   i t .
What have you found Mr. Holmes And whathaveyouobserved , Mr .
H o l m e s ?
Has your investigation progressed? Howdoesyourinvestigati onprogress?
Will you let me down A reyoutodisappointme ?
I still hope to bring you the best hope I hopestilltorenderyour greaterhappier and make myself a richer man andmyselfaricherman.
what have you found ?
A n d   w h a t   h a v e   y o u   d i s c o v e r e d ?
I clarified one thing I tismostlyamatterofcla rification.
I believe the boy is M ybeliefis that the boywa s tempted out of the school by aprearrangement and I suspect his mother and I suspect thatthismother
may be the bait mayhavebeenthebait.
German teacher found his escape The G ermanmaster observedhi sdeparture
Set off to chase andsetoffinpursuit.
We tracked his bike trail across the moorswithmuc hdifficulty .
Tire marks as if I tisalmostasifthetracks had been wiped on purpose weredeliberatelyspong edbysomeone . . .
Mr Holmes ?
M r .
H o l m e s ?
Someone was driving a carriage Someonedrivingcattle .
You don 't happen to know the wagon in the moor . . . Youdon  ' thappentoknowifthecat tleonthemoor . . .
What happened to them? What aboutthem?
I hope you didn 't see I hopeyouhaveseennone.
We ecannotwintercattleou tside in this highland climate
In winter we are an inouruplandclimate without driving.
For the next two weeks, they are ohatleastanothertwowe eks who will not be out ofthey ardfor.
Then I really closed my eyes and listened to Then I  ' vebeenasblindasthebee tle .
Thank you Lord Duke I thankyou , G race .
Old shoes and new nails Old shoes and new nails Old shoes and new nails !
O l d   s h o e s   a n d   n e w   n a i l s !
Sherlock Holmes you should come and see this Holmesthere  ' ssomethingyoushouldse e ! It is unusual for a cow to walk and run like this I tisaremarkablecowwhic hwalks , canters , andgallops .
See these horseshoes Doyouseethosehorseshoe s ?
Saw I sawthem. W hoevertook Lord H oldernesse, the man who took away Lord Holdernesse, nailed his horse a different shoe, S hoedtheirhorseswithdi fferenthorseshoes.
To avoid being discovered Toescapedetection .
Reuben Hayes is taking advantage of Reuben Hayestookadvantageof
Apiece of local history ?
Too bad Watson is too bad I t  ' sbad Watson , bad .
The condor to the north pointed us to the crime scene T hosevulturesofthenort hmarkthespot .
German teacher Germanmaster .
What can be seen from the corpse?
W h a t ' s   l e f t   o f   h i m ?
Hello Hello! Hello Hello! Hello Hello!
Hello Hello, hello!
Bloody S kinandblood .
Use a microscope to know if it 's human. Onlyamicroscopewouldte llifit  ' shuman .
A consistent nodoubttoth escratchon Hayes ' neck. Yes O hyes.
Cause of death?
strangulation .
Throat is compressed T helarynxisquitecrushe d .
That shepherd T hatshepherdcanbe can help us pass the bad news ourmessengertotheprio ryschool to the abbey with thenewsofthistrag edy .
We have to rely on Watson Wemustprocedonfoot, Watson. I waswarm!

In that little hotel Atthat Inn, as the children say it 's warm as the children say.
The farther I get away from the trail The hetrailgrowscolder the colder I get everystep I takeawayfromit .
How was I supposed to know where to put the body .
It 's all over now Arthur I t  ' sallovernow , Arthur .
Reuben Hayes .
Let 's hope it 's not too late for L et  'shopewe ' renottoolate.
Dunlop External Thickened Tyre AD unlopwithapatchontheo utercover .
What happened here Mrs Hathappened here Mrs.
H a y e s ?
I 'm glad I 'm satisfied that you do not agree with this deal havenolikingforthisbu siness and have resisted under their intimidation andthatyouactedunderc oercion.
Someone took the boy Someonecamefortheboy .
Is that Mr. Wald, the Duke 's secretary? The Duke 'ssecretary, Mr.
W i l d e r ?
Where are they going?
W h i c h   w a y   d i d   t h e y   g o ?
Running across the wasteland? A crossthemoor?
Run along the Chesterfield Road I t 'saboard the Chesterfield Road to wherebehiscottage to his cottage.
Thank you Mrs. Hayes, Excelent Mrs.
H a y e s .
I have to warn Duke Watson I mustalert the Duke  ' shousehold , Watson .
You are now the boy 's guardian angel Youarenowtheboy ' sguardianangel.
I think the Duke 's checkbook is under the table I fancy I seeyour G race  ' scheckbookuponyourdes k .
I would be delighted to see you write me forsixthousandpounds I wouldbegladifyouwould makemeoutacheck for 6 0 0 0 pounds .
It is better that you sign P erhapsitwouldbebestif youweretocrossit .
My correspondent bank is The Capitaland C ounties Bank , Oxford Street branch , aremyagents .
Mr. Holmes I donotpossessatemperam ent , I have no such leisure Mr.Holmesthatappreciates
Come and enjoy your so-called thekindofacidulousple asantry
Biting humor thatclearlyamusesyou.
Sorry but I can 't see I amsorry, but I donotseehow James is Mr. Wald James, Mr. r.
Wilder could be involved in this business and you have no proof and you average not proof of it.
No I have proof But I possesstheproof . This is beyond doubt I tisbeyonddebate .
The horseshoe on your casement The hemudisscarcelydryont he The mud is not dry yet clovenhorseshoesinyou rcasements .
Why don 't you believe me? W hydoyoudoubtmyword ?
You seem to be blind to everything listening to Youseemtosufferfromabl indness.
Your approach will lead you to madness Yourowninterest , whichbordersonmadness .
Your Lord Your G race, the portraits in the hall thoseportraitsintheha ll are you and your father ofyouandyourfatherasy oungmen,
Your family secrets have been unable to hide thereyourfamilylinime ntsareveryclear. Mr. Walder Howlonghas Mr. Wilder
How long has beeninyourservice been working for you?
What do you mean Whatisyourmeaning? How dare you sir!
H o w   d a r e   y o u   s i r !
You don 't understand Youdonotunderstand at all!
You are a rude person Youareababarian !
You will never . . . please leave You willnever . . . please leavemeimmediat ely .
I won 't . . . I won 't . . . I . . .
As I expectedThenitisas I suspected
Mr. James Wilder is your son Mr. James Wilderisyourson.
When I was young Mr. Holmes When I wasaveryyoungman, Mr. Holmes,
I also loved , deep love withsuchalove only once in a lifetime thatcomesonlyonceinal ifetime .
I wanted to marry her I offered theladymarriage but she refused butsherefusedit because that kind of union onthegroundsthatsucha match
Could ruin my career mightmarmycareer .
If she was alive Hadshelived, I would never marry someone I wouldcertainlyneverha dmarriedanyoneelse but she died butshedied
leave only one child andleftwithonechild,
It is because of my love for her James , whomforhersake I raised and nurtured this child I havetended and cared for .
I could not acknowledge our father-son relationship to the world I could not acknowledge pa ternity to the world but other than that butinall otherways I have always treated him as my own son I have treated him like mys on .
He has required Hehasrequired, but he keeps failing butnotwarranted, my forgiveness for him after ' sforgivenessmanytimes
For this I also forgive him and I haveforgiven .
I forgive him I haveforgiven .
I forgive him again and again I haveforgivenmuch .
Your Excellency A weyour G raceyouhavedoneallyyou can to Mr. Wald you have done your best for Mr. r.
W i l d e r .
You must realize that you have lost him Youmustrealizethatheis losttoyou .
He planned to kidnap He  ' sconspiredtoabduct Lord S altire .
He was an accomplice in a murder, He 'sanaccessorytoamurder, whether he knew it or not, howeverunwittingly.
We must find him before he  ' sattempted to acrimeeve nmoreterrible .
Before you lose Hemustbefound the son you took care of, beforeyouloosetheson we must find him thatislefttoyou.
Rivaz ?
Rivers ? You are in charge of searching the wasteland Youaretoorganizeasearc hofthemoor .
Follow the forest West W oodsinaline to the west from the temple to the pavilion and search fromthetempletothepavilion .
To get your people Youaretoemploytheentir estaff all out withoutexception.
What you are looking for is my son, Lord Saltire Youarelookingformyson , Lord Saltire .
If you find Mr. Wilder I fyoufind Mr. Wilder , be sure to detain him pleaseseethatheisdeta ined
and bring him to me andbroughttome.
Walder intercepted your letter Wilderinterceptedyouurl etter and stuffed a note and substituted anote in it, thereby inducing your son to believe which deceivedyoursoni ntobelieving
he was going to see his mother thatwastoseehismoth er .
Fierce Hayes is his hired accomplice T hemurderous Hayeswashis paidaccompli ice but the police have been told but the police havebeena lerted .
Hayeswillnotescape where Hayes can 't run.
Watson ?
W a t s o n ?
I led them to the wasteland I tracked themovertothem oor but they were gone but they were disappeared .
I searched all around I searchedthearea
But they just disappeared out of thin air butit  ' sasiftheearthjustswal lowedthemup . According to my investigation of your family backgroundWithmyresearchintoyour familyhistory
I seem to have heard I 'veseemedtorecallmenti on there is a huge limestone cave ofahugelimestonecaver n
where the stolen cattlew erepenned .
Go to the Cathedral Thecathedral.
Hurry up Comeon.
Hurry up Comeon!
Hand him over to H andhimover ?
No No o !
You can 't get him Y oushallnothavehim ! Father Father !
Father Come Come Father !
Father Father !
Father Father !
James James !
I was going to love Francesca well
It 's a man 's true love butwithaman  ' slove .
My marriage to her M ymarriagetoher was founded on James  ' jealousy .
As long as I could see in him A slongas I couldsee his mother 's countenance and demeanor hismother  ' sfaceandmannerinhim
James knew he could stop Jamesknewhecouldkeepme
The love I should have given my wife fromthelove I owedmywife .
Even if he was cruel to Arthur E venhiscrueltyto Arthur
I still can 't give him up just like that. I couldnotsendhimawayev enforthat.
So I sent Arthur away S o I sent A rthuraway instead .
By kidnapping his brother Whatdidhehopetoachieve
What does he want to achieve by kidnapping his brother ?
money ?
M o n e y ?
or identity?
L e g i t i m a c y ?
And power Andpower .
Power over me Poweroverme . He likes to dictate to me H edelightedinexercisin gpoweroverme , because we all deny his power forme and you were to have denied himpower .
Do you suspect that he is the mastermind behind the kidnapping?
B u t   y o u   s u s p e c t e d   t h a t   h e   w a s   b e h i n d   t h e   a b d u c t i o n ?
yes that was my darkest hour
Save him savehim . This looks like a long confession Well , alongpenanceithadseem ed .
I can only hope that I canonlyhopethat Francesca will forgive me Francescawillforgiveme.
Thank you Mr. Sherlock Holmes Thankyou , Mr. r.
H o l m e s .

Lord Duke ?
Y o u r   G r a c e ?
This is a huge remuneration T hisisaking  ' sransom .
You brought me back to the future again Youhavegivenmebackmyfu ture .
- = = h t t p : / / w w w . r a g b e a r . c o m = = -
