
What are you doing What are youdoing ? Priya is going to use Skype with me for a while Oh , uh , Priya  ' scallinginafewminutes on Skype ,
We are going to have dinner and wearegonnahaveadin nerdate . It is 8 am Mumbai time I t  ' s 8 o  ' clockinthemorningin Mumbai .
How did she come to have supper? Howcanshehavedinner?
Well whatever you say F ine , whatever . Then Priya will be havingbreak fast .
ok so strictly speaking you two are not having dinner together A llright , sotechnicallyit  ' snotadinnerdate .
Maybe you can barely call it breakfast and dinner together I supposeyoucouldcallit a , uh , dinfastdate .
You will definitely be laughed at by others and they will definitely say topeer - basedmocking , suchas ,
Leonard, how was your breakfast and dinner with Priya last night?' Hey, Leonard, howwasyourdinfastwith Priyalastnight?'
Doesn 't sound like you 're laughing at me T hatdoesn  ' tsoundlike mocking .
I 'm not finished yet Youdidn  ' tletmefinish .
Breakfast and dinner D infast .
Are those soy wax candles A rethosesoy - based candles ?
Don 't know what 's wrong I don  ' tknow . Why ?
Paraffin candles may contain carcinogens P araffincandlesmaycont aincarcinogens
If you also catch lung cancer, I will not stop you youweregoingforatyour dinfast.
Breakfast and dinner D infast . I don 't want to be rude Li isten , I don  ' twanttoberude ,
But Priya will call anytime but Priya  ' sgonnabecallinganymin ute , so . .
Oh Priya Oh , yes , Priya . Leonard you know I never Leonard , youknow I makeapointof
Never interfering in your private affairs neverinterferinginyou rpersonalaffairs .
That 's right, I 've always admired you Yes, I 'vealwaysadmiredthatab outyou.
That is of course A swellyoushould .
But I 'm going to make an exception this time But I 'mgoingtomakeanexcepti onhere.
Oh again , good . Priya goes back to India to develop her legal career P riyahas moved back to I ndiatopursueherlawcar eer .
Instead of spending this time desperately struggling I nsteadofdesperatelytrying tokeepthisintercontinentalrelationshipalive , you might as well find some other hobby youcouldusethattimetotakeupahobby.

Hobbies A hobby ?
That 's right Yes. I recently learned about a guy in Kansas I readrecently aboutafel lowin Kansas
Take hemp rope and roll up a giant ball withanenormousballof wine .
I think you can beat him I betyoucouldgivehimaru nforhismoney .
You know what some people might say Youknow , somepeoplemightsaytha tit  ' sgreat
It is a commendable thing for the two of us to maintain this long distance relationship that we  'retryingtomakethingsw orklongdistance .
They 'll say They  ' dsaythingslike ,
Love will not be defeated by the distance between you two ' Loveisstrongerthanthem ilesbetweenyou ' . When I rise to power, those people will be best ilized.
You also video with Amy all day Youvideo - chatwith A myallthetime .
What 's the difference between what we do? Howisthisdifferent?
Don 't you like Amy D on  ' tyoulike A my ?
Of course I like Amy. Ofcourse I like A my .
But I don 't like Priya Well, there  ' sthedifference .

I 'm sorry Priya called Excuseme , that  ' s Priya .
Leonard Hi , Leonard .
Dear Hey , honey . I miss you so much I miss you .
I miss you too Oh , I missyou , too . I miss the old love partners
The days of being able to return to the video store could be returned to thev ideostore .
Thank you for letting me stay hereT hanksforlettingmestay here
That way I don 't have to watch Leonard and his girlfriend videos while L eonard S kypeswithhisgirlfrien d .
Small meaning Oh , it  ' snoproblem .
This kind of feeling is pretty good. I t  ' sactuallykindofnice .
You are reading and I am also reading Youreading , mereading .
We are like an old married couple We  ' relikeanoldmarriedcou ple . If we are really old married couple I fwewereanoldmarriedco uple ,
The wife will serve iced lemon tea and cookies at this time, thewifewouldserveiced teaandsnickerdoodles.
I don 't have frozen lemon tea and cookies at home. I don 't have thaveicedteaandsnicke rdoodles. The dutiful wife goes to the store and buys A goodwifewouldgotothes tore.
I want a divorce I wantadivorce .
Good you 're on your way to a lawyer G ood . Onthewaytoseethelawyer ,
Don 't forget to get some frozen lemon tea and cookie pickupsometeaandcooki es .
I have to say I really like your new chair I mustsay , I amenjoyingyournewchai r .
Are you comfortable It t  ' sgreat , isn  ' tit ? That 's right I tis . In line with the lumbar curve Alignsthelumbar ,
Support the coccyx and balance the hip cradlesthecoccyx , balancesthebuttocks .
This chair is really worthy of its name T hisisachair worthy of the ename .
What name Whatname ?
Chair ah C hair .
Okay if you like it O h , allright , well , I  ' mgladyoulikeit . I still can 't figure it out
How could someone have the heart to throw it away someonejustthrewitawa y .
What did you say?
That is to say, this chair was left on the road Yeah, itwasjustsittingonthe street.
I gave ten bucks to a homeless man to help me carry this chair up I paidahomelessguytenbu ckstohelpmegetitupher e .
oh my god oh my god Oh my dear .
O h ,   d e a r .
What 's the matter with you Whatiswrong ?
I just sat on the trash I 'vebeensittingingarbag e!
Sheldon, takeiteasy.
You go calm down I have to go to the bathroom Y outakeiteasy!
I needtouseyourshower . I was too optimistic when I got married I wentintothismarriagew ithsomuchhope .
T here  ' sawet B and - A idontheshowerfloor !
■ This subtitle is produced by YY e T s Renren Film and Television. For more original translations of American TV series, please visit www . YY e T s . com
■ Translation: MADD Xiaoman Yao Heinrich Mi Xiaole J oanna ■
Late stage: Lone Sail Timeline: Zhen Zhen YY
■
Proofreading: V in YY Director: YY
The second episode of The Big Bang Theory Season 5 is really interesting T hisisfun .
I have never used a thermoforming hydraulic press before. I  ' veneverusedahydraulic thermoformingpressbefor .
Very nice, P rettysweet , huh ?
This gadget cost the school $175,000 T hislittlebabysettheun iversityback 1 7 5 grand .
Three minutes to T hat  ' s threeminutes . - let 's see how it goes - soon - S hallweseewhatwegot ?

- H a n g   o n



Oh yeah Oh , yeah .
This is a really stylish sandwich T hisisonegood - lookingpanini .

Give me the tuna sandwich H andmethetunamelt . - Give - Thanks - Y ep . - T hankyou .

How  ' sitgoingwiththelong - distanceloveaffair ?
It 's not easy but we 're working hard. Noteasy , but we  ' remakingitwork .
Your 'working hard' package doesn 't include playing some online hooliganism. When you say ' M akingitwork , ' doesthat include doingt hecybernasty ?
What What?
What you know is the virtual, very pornographic and violent kind, Youuknow, thevirtualpickletickl e.
The digital . . . bow - chicka - bow - bow .

please man you 're talking about my sister C omeon , dude . T hisismysisteryou  ' retalkingabout . Hey to you Hey , L eonardjigglinghisjunk ather
leonard shaking her on camera throughawebcamhasgott obeeasierforyoutoodeal with
Better than him poking her with that shit in front of her face thanhimactually touchi ngherwithit .
I 'm not that lewd T here  ' snojunkjiggling .
We are just chatting We ejusttalk . Are you crazy A reyousane ? With high speed internet at your fingertips With high - speed Internet , youhaveatyourfingerti ps
Note: The small handkerchief is the friend of the sir
After the handkerchief, thegreatestadvancemen tinthefieldofsex
The greatest progress ah sincetheinventionofth ewashcloth.
I can 't do that. Well if you don 't do that Well, ifyoudon 't, you 're giving Priya to someone you 'regonnalose Priyatosomefancyguyina turban
Whogrewupwith Kama S utracoloringbooks who grew up watching the illustrated version of the Kama Sutra.
How can you be so racist How canyoubesoracist ?
Please tell me I 'm wrong Oh , comeon , tellme I  ' mwrong .
Leonard is good Oh , Leonard , good .
Found you T hereyouare .
I need you to check my head for lice I needyoutocheckmyheadf orchairlice .
I checked last night I can 't be stupid anymore I diditlastnight, I 'mnotdoingitagain.
Didn 't check the other places, did you Justhishead , right ?
I don 't want to talk about it I don  ' twanttotalkaboutit .
You didn 't catch the bugs from Penny 's chair Youdidn  ' tcatchbugs from P enny  ' schair .
No bugs Yes , I did .
Now they 're cheering in my root follicles
Like dancing in the Redwood National Forest likedancinghippiesatt he R edwood National Forest .
Sheldon you are always like this S heldon , youdothisallthetime .
Then zoom in infinitely and then blow it way out of proportion .
Please give an exampleN ameonetime I 'veeverdonethat.
Like the last time you put GPS trackers in the trash How about when you put GPS trackersinyourgarbage because you believed in North Korean spiesbecauseyouwereconvinc ed N orth K oreanspies
stealing your scratch paper werestealingyourdoodl es ?
And the chicken nuggets that you believe are made of human flesh. T hestrangely - shaped cloud that was fol lowing you around town .
And the time you wore my T-shirt by mistake Thetimeyouputonmyshirt bymistake
Thought I was growing taller again and wereconvincedyou  ' dstartedgrowingagain .
I said ' give an example ' I said , ' N ameone . '
Your listening skills really need to be practiced Youreallyneedtoworkony our listeningskills .

Penny Penny .
Penny Penny P enny . P enny .
Naihao [Hello] Y ello .
You have to move that chair out of the building Youneedtoremovethatcha irfromthebuilding .
It 's a health hazard I t  ' sahealthhazard . Okay calm down I took off the furniture covers O kay , relax . I took off theslipcovers ,
Sent the cushions to dry cleaning and fumigated hadthemdry - cleaned and thenfumigat edthecushions .

Really? Really? It 's cleaner than my couch now. Yeah. I t ' scleanerthanmycouch.
I also found half an egg in the pancake F oundhalfa Hot P ocketinthere .
It looks good I tcertainly looks sokay .
Has a strong smell of toxic chemicals H asastrongtoxicchemica lsmell .
It 's so reassuring T hat  ' sreassuring .
Why hydon  ' tyogiveitatry , S heldon ?

Well A llright .


This chair is very comfortable I tisacomfortablechair .
Why don 't you admit that you overreacted W hydon  ' tyoujustadmityouoverr reacted ?
No need to thank you No , thankyou .



It 's like living with a Chihuahua I t  ' slike livingwitha C hihuahua .
Penny Penny Penny .
Penny. Penny.
What 's the matter, little fur boy What  ' sup , buttercup ?
You have to throw that chair away Youhavetogetridofthech air .
No Nope .



Penny Penny Penny P enny . P enny . P enny .
W hat  ' stheword , hummingbird ? For your safety, please come to us and wait. For your safety
Let me call the police and ask them to remove the death chair as I calltheauthoritiessot heymayremovethechairo fdeath .
Don 't No.


Penny Penny Penny !
P enny ! P enny ! What instructs the little physicist What  ' sthegist , physicist ?
As a self-appointed member of this street CDC Undermyauthorityasasel f-appointedmember I declare ofthe C entersfor D isease C ontrolstreetteam . . .
This house should be scrapped . . . thesepremisesareconde mned .
As a person with a keen sense of fashion, A samanwithakeensenseof style,
I must say that chair doesn 't fit your house at all. I musttellyou, that chair does not workw iththeroom.


Penny P enny ! Penny P enny !

Penny Penny .
S o, hereweare.
We went back to our room and went to bed together B ackinbed together .
Yes went to bed together Y ep , hereweare .

Okay, let me get straight to the point. O kay , so I - I guess I  ' lljustjumprightin .
Ok Allright .
U h , you  ' reanaughtygirl .
I want to whip you with love A nd - A nd , uh , I - I wanttopunishyouwithmy love ?
What a mess?
Not good Notgood ?
Terrible again T hat  ' sterrible .
T r y   a g a i n .   好 的   O k a y .
You . . . you are not naughty at all U h , uh , you  ' re . . . notnaughty .
你 你 轠 轠 舠 舠 诶 轠 轠 轠 轠 轠 轠 轠 轠 轠 轠 轠 轠 轠 轠 轠 轠 轠 轠 轠 轠 轠
You are . . . You  ' re . . .
Are you a dirty bad girl You  ' rea - adirtygirl ?
To Oh , yes .
To the extreme of filth, Yes , I am .
Well, I understand the doorway. Yeah, yeah.
U h , okay . You are a . . . You  ' rea , you  ' rea . . .
You are a nasty You  ' rea - adirty . . . obscene disgusting . . . revoltinggirl .

God, Leonard, please shut up God, Leonard, stoptalking.
Otherwise, wait for me in five minutes. Why hydon  ' tyoujustgivemefivemin utes ?
I google the process and I 'll call you back I 'll G ooglehowtodothis .
I ' l l   c a l l   y o u   r i g h t   b a c k .
Shhhhhhhhhhhhh-shh-shh. Shut up and listen to me.
J u s t   b e   q u i e t   a n d   d o   w h a t   I   t e l l   y o u .
Well it 's good as always O kay , likeusual .
G ood . Take off your shirt Takeoffyourshirt .
Okay take off my little top A llrightie .
S h i r t   c o m i n g   o f f .
Wow, man, small tits, oh T a - da !
M a n   n i p p l e s .
- I said shut up - sir - I saidbequiet . - Yes , ma  ' am .
Now take off your shorts Now takeoff your shorts .
Take off the shorts, taking shortsoff.
Well T herewego.
Naked , naked , naked !
Wonderful Wonderful .
Now it 's my turn to take off myclothes.
Cool Cool .

You see babyHere I am , baby .
Did you miss them Youmissthese ?
Damn Oh, damnit!
Oh leonard is this disarmed?!
O h ,   L e o n a r d !
A l r e a d y ? !
No, no, it 's not like this No , no ! No - no - no !
My screen doesn 't move Thescreenfroze .
It may still be buffering I t  ' sprobably just buffering you just wait Justgiveitasecond .
Well Fine .
How are your parents S o , howareyourmomanddad ?
I really don 't want to talk about my parents right now Y eah , I reallydon  ' twanttotalkaboutmypar entsnow .
Ok of course Yeah.
S u r e ,   s u r e .
If your video is stuck I fyourvideo ' sfrozen, try resetting the TCP/IP stack.


I didn 't think thank you I didn  ' teventhinkofthat .
T h a n k s .
You 're welcome but please let me know You  ' rewelcome . P leaseletmeknowwhen waiting for you and your girlfriend youandyourgirlfrienda redone
Stop hogging the bandwidth for ryourself - abuse
Five, six, seven, eightF ive , six , seven , eight . Tall, dark, young and cute* * T allandtanandyoungandl ovely
As she walked by everyone she met . . . * * A ndwhenshepasses , eachoneshepassesgoes . . . Amy Amy A my ?
A m y ?
A m y ?
oh . . . * * O h . . .
You should notice that your habitual knocking behavior Youareawarethatyourrit ualisticknockingbehav ioris is a symptom of an obsessive-compulsive disorder.
This is not I snot .
Not not I snot , isnot .

If you deny or deny, you can deny it, please enter D enial.
D e n i a l ,   d e n i a l .
C o m e   i n .
Thank you T hankyou . Would you like to hear me play bossa nova on the harp W ouldyouliketohearmepl ayabossanovastandardo ntheharp ?
Don 't want No o .
How about I change the theme song from Howaboutthethemesong to theclassictelevisio nshow D iff  ' rent S trokes ? The world doesn 't follow the beat anymore . . . * * No owtheworlddon  ' tmovetothebeat . . .
Don 't want No o .
Well, I 'll take a few songs. Well, that  ' severysong I know .
What  ' sup ? You and Penny are good friends, right? You  ' regoodfriendswith P enny , right ?
Best friends B estfriends , besties , forever friends are like sisters BFF s , peasinapod , close enough to wear a pair of pants sisterswhowouldsharet ravelingpants .
You go on G oon .

I wish she could hear from you I washopingshemightlist entoyou know the dangers of bringing home unclean furniture aboutthedangersofowni ngunhygienicfurniture .
Are you for general educational use For general education urposes, or did she come back with a bar stool soaked in cholera virus orhassheacquiredabars tooldippedincholera?
Cholera is a drinking water-borne infection.
- You are making fun of me - that 's right - You  ' remockingme . - Yes , I am .
Penny has retrieved a chair from the street P ennyhasdraggedachairi noffthestreet This chair of unknown provenance will endanger the health and happiness of every resident in our building whounknownprovenanc ejeopardizesthehealth andwelfareofeveryresidentinourb uilding .
Sheldon can 't just because you S heldon , just because you haveafo cuson have cleanliness borderingo nthepsychotic cleanliness borderingo nthepsychotic doesn  ' t mean I havetoparticipate .
Well you make a price A llright , nameyourprice .
Kiss me where I 've never been kissed
You mean something like Salt Lake City? You mean like Salt Lake City?
Nevermind I will tell Penny.
I ' l l   t a l k   t o   P e n n y .   谢 谢   T h a n k   y o u .
Now, will you listen to me playing the harp? Will youlistentomeplaym yharpnow ?
No I don 't like the sound of the harp N o . I dislike the sound of theh arp .
Overuse of the harp in classic tv sitcoms
The nightmares of my past have been re-enacted with experienceanepisodefr ommypast .

Sorry Mommy don 't be mad at me I  ' msorry , Mommy .
D on  ' tbemadatme . Stop playing D on  ' tdothat !
Howard I don 't know about this , Howard .
What are you having trouble with remote lovemaking What ? You  ' rehaving troublewithth elong - distancelovemaking .
This is your magic weapon T hisisyouranswer .
There are two ports on it to stimulate the mouth T herearetwointerfacest hatsimulateahumanmout h .
You match a Priya in India with a Youhaveone, Priyahasonein India.
You just move your lips and tongue W henyoumoveyourlipsand tongueonyours , you can transmit a signal It feels like you are really kissing her ittransmitsexactlywha tyou  ' redoingtohers .

See no Internet kissing S ee ? Internetkissing .
Come and try Giveitatry.
Forget it I don  ' tthinkso .
I 'll try I 'lltryit.
Like this? Likethis?
Almost stick your tongue in A lmost . R eallygetyourtongueint here . activate the sensor toactivatethemotionse nsor .
Like this? Likethis?
It 's almost time for a French tongue kiss. C lose . Really F renchit .
Is it better?
Yeah, that 's too punctual. Yeah, yougotit, yougotit.
I 'm shaking. It feels so realistic. I 'mimpressed.
T h i s   i s   v e r y   l i f e l i k e .
Wipe you biting my tongue W hoa ! Youjustbitmytongue !
Just nibbles I just want more fun I - I nibbled .
I   w a s   b e i n g   p l a y f u l .
Why are you making everything so sleazy? W hydoyouhavetomakeeverythingweird?
Sorry Sorry.
Is it better?
On time Oh , yeah .
Very nice ha P rettycool , huh ?
If you buy it in the store, it 's probably two hundred bucks. Probably would cost, like, 200 bucksinastore.
It 's a good deal I doappreciateabargain .
My deceased grandma used to have a set of this furniture T hisentireensembleonce belongedtomydeadgrand mother .
No you  'rekidding . Share everything except underwear panties E verything except bra and panties .
Victoria 's Secret Lingerie
This is an exclusive little secret between me and Victoria A ndthey  ' realeopard - spotted secret I sharewith Victoria . And now it 's A ndnowme with me .
I have only one question about this sofa chair I justhaveonequestionab outthechair .
And what  ' s that ?
Aren 't you worried that this is unhygienic? A ren  ' tyouworriedaboutitbei ngunhygienic ?
Not quite . . . No , it  'scompletelyfine . . .
I understand H mm .
I   g e t   i t .
It 's Sheldon S heldonsentyou .
It was he who asked you to come to me He eputyouuptothis .
- No he didn 't - really - No , hedidn  ' t .
-   R e a l l y ?
Yes he has is he Yes , hedid .
H e   a b s o l u t e l y   d i d .
Omg Amy you 're not enough friends M y God , A my , that  ' sreallycrappyofyou .
Really I tis ?
Of course you let Sheldon use you to manipulate me Yeah!
L e t t i n g   S h e l d o n   u s e   y o u   t o   m a n i p u l a t e   m e ?
I thought we were friends I thoughtyouweremyfrien d .
No we are friends please don 't be angry with me No , I amyourfriend .
P l e a s e   d o n ' t   b e   m a d   a t   m e .
I can 't believe I can ' tevenbelievethis.
You 'd better go. Youknow, maybeyoushouldjustgo.
No sorry really sorry No o !
N o ,   I ' m   s o r r y .   I ' m   s o   s o r r y .
I take back what I just said. I takeitallback!
Look at me sitting on your couchL ook ! I  ' m , uh , I  ' msittinginyourchair .
Totally fine T here  'snothingwrongwithit.
This chair is awesome I t  ' sagreatchair .
Please don 't kick me out of your life P leaseletmecontinuetob epartofyourworld .

what 's wrong What  ' swrong ?
Something in the chair is biting my hip Something in thechair  ' sbitingmytushy . But it doesn 't matter I t  ' snotimportant .
Oh w!

Stand up and wait.
G e t   u p ,   g e t   u p !

Swear you won 't tell Sheldon S wearyouwon ' ttell S heldonwhathappened!
I swear I swear!
Can I tell my doctor I think I need to get an injection Can I tellmydoctor ?
I ' m   p r o b a b l y   g o n n a   n e e d   s h o t s !
Of course yes, sure!

Baby I think I figured it out Oh , hey , babe , I think I figuredthisthingout .
Leonard listen to me first Oh , Leonard , listen . . .
No, listen to me No o , youlisten ! You are my girl You  ' remywoman ,
I 'm going to give you more pleasure than ever and I  ' mgonnamakeyoufeelthin gsyouhaveneverfeltbef ore .
leonard . . . that 's how hard to say my name T hat  ' sright , saymyname . . . beg me beg me to hurry andbegmeformore,  ' cause . . .
I will try to get you to the top I 'mgonnagiveittoyou.

My parents are next to M yparents are here .
Hello Leonard Hello , Leonard . . .
Can I grit my teeth and shout your name too if I mayalsosayyourname . Look at the sofa chair C heckitout .
F r e e   c h a i r .
Not Yeah .
Hey , youknow , ifthiswasin S heldonand Leonard  ' sapartment ,
I wouldn 't have to sit on the floor all the time I wouldn 't twindupsittingonthefl oorallthetime .
Are you coming Onthree ?
- One Two Three - Lift - Three ! - Three !
Which second-hand is willing to throw away such a good sofa chair Whatkindofidiotthrowsa way

