 Previously on " The Originals " ... This town was my home once . I want it back .
 Our community is under attack .
 Resurrected witches with vast power ? It 's the harvest .
 Four girls were meant to die and be reborn .
 Someone jacked that power .
 I believe that when you love someone and that person loves you in return , you 're uniquely vulnerable .
 Celeste , she died because of me .
 I 'd appreciate it if you 'd call me by my real name ...
 Celeste .
 What about Hayley ?
 None of my treachery will harm this family as much as your feelings for her .
 This blade contains all the power I harvested from the vampires .
 It will do things worse than death .
 And are you ready for the final offering ?




 Someone help me .
 Thank you all for coming .
 It means more than I can tell you .
 We gather today for the first public service of our newly reopened church .
 St. Anne 's can finally once again be the heart of our community , where we can congregate as a people united .
 Here , this hour , we come together to praise God and give thanks .
 The events that took place at our church were tragic .
 Problem ?
 No .
 Then pay attention .
 We 're meant to seem like devoted parishioners . ... And it is that hope in our hearts and with the help of many benefactors that allows us to be here today .

 So we gather with renewed spirit made stronger , committed to the ideals of peace and love .
 Amen .
 Amen .
 Each tomb is well cared for .
 Families honor their dead with displays of affection and respect ...
 Is someone there ?
 This tomb belongs to the Deveraux family , known throughout the quarter for their strong connection to witchcraft .
 Please help me !
 And if you look close , these fresh bricks tell us someone in the family has recently fallen .

 Let me out !
 Hello , Monique .
 Welcome back to the land of the living .



 What is it ? What 's going on ?
 It 's a miracle .
 Monique ?
 Ohh !
 Lovely sermon this morning , father .
 Quite inspirational .
 I wasn 't expecting you to join us .
 Oh , we were hoping for some word from your human sources on the recent Haitian invasion .
 My guys have their ears to the ground .
 And no one has seen or heard any sign of whatever his name is .
 He 's called Papa Tunde .
 And right now , he 's wandering the corridor with the power he absorbed from every soul I had buried in the garden .
 So you might want to put your ear a little closer to the ground .
 Or I could steer clear of whatever war is brewing between your kind and his before I find myself in ...
 I wanted to congratulate you on getting the church up and running .
 I can see this is a bad time .
 Nice to see you , Marcel .
 Cami .
 Well , don 't look at me .
 I tried to send her away .
 Yes , Diego , what do you have for me ?
 Uh , we got a special delivery .
 Would you care to elaborate ?
 Either our witch problems are over or they 're just getting started .
 Marcel .
 Father .
 God be with you .
 Thank you . God be with you .
 Thank you . God be with y ...
 Oh , I doubt that , but I do appreciate the thought .
 Bastiana .
 Toursion fou , mort de I 'espirit .
 Give your nephew Sean my regards when you see him in hell .
 Can I get you anything , brother ?
 A magnifying glass , a pipe perhaps ?
 You have a theory that you 'd like to share with us , Niklaus ?
 Back in the day , the witches wanted to send a threat , they 'd just kill a chicken and leave it on your doorstep .
 It 's rather a large and ominous chicken , wouldn 't you say ?
 Papa Tunde defeated Rebekah with ease , almost got the two of us as well .
 If he was supposed to be their prize fighter , why leave him for dead in our front yard ?
 Well , don 't you all look cheery .
 Listen to this ...
 A girl literally exploded from a grave today as Sabine was giving her tour of the city of the dead .
 It was Monique Deveraux .
 What ?
 The tourists thought it was part of the show , but the witches are celebrating
 like it 's some kind of bloody miracle .
 Maybe it is .
 They think that all hope is lost , but now suddenly a harvest girl is resurrected .
 This is how we 're gonna get Davina back ...
 Kill the witch who took her place .
 I have a theory about who one of them could be ...
 Celeste . I mean , it 's got to be .
 Davina was trying to tell us .
 She was drawing pictures of Celeste .
 She was warning us that a great evil was coming .
 First Papa Tunde returns to settle old scores .
 Now your murdered lover is back .
 This isn 't witches attacking vampires .
 They 're declaring war on us .
 It 's not too early for scotch , is it , with all the witches ' shenanigans and subterfuge afoot .
 It is entirely too early if one intends to drive , yes .
 Funny . I don 't have any plans to go anywhere .
 She 's not safe here .
 You have to take Hayley to the plantation house until this is over .
 Are you worried about Hayley or whether or not you can trust me ?
 It 's precisely because I trust you that I 'm asking you to do this .
 Here 's a novel idea ...
 Why don 't you let Hayley decide for herself ?
 Why are you dictating her fate ?
 You know why .
 Then perhaps you should take her yourself .
 Well , then that would make me the very hypocrite that you 've accused me of being .
 Rebekah , I cannot legislate my feelings .
 My actions , however ...
 So would you kindly do this for me ?
 You know the mama wolf loves to be told what to do .
 She 's not gonna like it , but I will do it for you ...
 If only to end this silly quarrel between the two of us .
 What the hell do you think you 're doing ?
 Listen , everybody 's running off , looking for resurrected witches .
 Meanwhile , I think I saw one at the church ...
 Genevieve .
 What ?
 I can 't be sure .
 I only caught her out of the corner of my eye .
 Been with Klaus since .
 But it looked like her .
 And you and I both know she would have a reason to want to be back .
 A lot of unfinished business , a lot of secrets that you and I don 't want getting out .
 I have to take Hayley to the plantation .
 You need to find Genevieve and end this .
 End it like we did the last time .
 Tea , please .
 I 'm busy .
 Cami , just hear me out .
 You know , I came to your reopening because I wanted to try and make amends .
 And then I see you talking with Klaus out in the open , like it 's business as usual in the quarter .
 It is business as usual .
 For the past 3 centuries , the O 'Connells have always tried to keep the peace .
 Save me the family history .
 It 's all lies on top of lies .
 Cami , p ... pour me a drink .
 I have to tell you something .
 Uncle Kieran , what 's wrong ?
 I 'm in trouble .
 What happened to your brother Sean is about to start happening to me .
 What ?
 Look , uh ...
 Look , uh , I 've been hexed .
 And I don 't know how long I have .
 Wait . I know some people .
 There has to be some sort of ... I don 't know ...
 Antidote or ...
 Cami , I need you to promise me one thing , that when it gets bad ,
 I need you to be as far away from me as possible .
 No . No .
 There has to be some sort of way .
 Of course there is .
 If you want to save your Uncle 's life , all you have to do is take this ...
 And make sure it ends up in Klaus Mikaelson 's heart .
 Well , we all just want to protect me and the baby , right ?
 I thought I was gonna have to drag you to the plantation kicking and screaming .
 Yeah .
 Hey .
 I 'm on your side , remember ?
 So what gives ?
 Tonight 's a full moon , Rebekah .
 So what ? You 're preggers . You can 't turn .
 Yes . But I wanted to invite a few people over .
 Of course .
 Every red- blooded American werewolf will be a bundle of fur and sharp teeth tonight whilst your cursed crescent clan will be ...
 Human but only for a few hours and won 't be again until the next full moon .
 So I asked Josh to get a message out to Eve in the bayou .
 Josh isn 't dead yet ? Well , good on him .
 I love a nice survival story .
 Who the bloody hell is that ?
 Kegs out back , right ?
 Ahem .

 Right .
 It appears you weren 't going to wait for me to grant you permission to throw a kegger .
 Listen , you all want me safe , fine .
 I 'll do as I 'm told .
 I 'll play damsel in the glass tower .
 But tonight 's the one night a month that I can meet my family .
 Now , you could rat me out , send me to my room , or you could help me throw one hell of a party .
 Elijah .
 To what do I owe the pleasure ?
 My family needs an ally among the witches , and you 've helped us in the past .
 Perhaps together we can avoid an unnecessary conflict .
 They may be willing to make a deal if it were with the noble Elijah .
 But there will never be any peace as long as it involves Klaus .
 Is that what all this is about ?
 You want my brother out of town ?
 I 'm just telling you how they feel .
 They 're desperate , but they 're not dumb .
 My people are scared .
 You have a niece on the way .
 It stands to reason you 'd be willing to discuss how to run him out of the city .
 Let 's walk together .
 You can take me on one of your famous tours .
 You should eat after everything you 've been through .
 I was dead .
 But you 're here now .
 Aunt Sophie , what happened to mom ?
 Your mother loved you so much .
 She had faith that she could use magic to complete the harvest and get you back .
 In the end , she sacrificed herself for the cause , for the witches , for you .
 And do you have her faith ?
 I lost my faith .
 Then I realized that if I didn 't believe ,
 I would be letting you down .
 I tried to get it back . I tried .
 Monique Deveraux .
 Everyone in the quarter 's been talking about you .
 Classy .
 You kill her mother and now you 've come to threaten her ?
 I 'm not here to threaten anyone .
 What do you want , Marcel ?
 There were 3 more girls sacrificed during the harvest .
 I want to bring them back .
 Who are you kidding ?
 You don 't care about those girls .
 You just want Davina back so you can use her power again .
 I just want her alive .
 He 's telling the truth .
 How do you know that ?
 I can feel it .
 He 's loyal to her .
 He 's here to help .
 I got your message .
 Where 's Kieran now ?
 In the attic resting , praying .
 He 's gonna go crazy and die , isn 't he ...
 Just like Sean .
 And we 'll still be in this stupid fight because he lied to me about the witches and vampires ...
 And you .
 Camille ...
 I can see why you hate me .
 Truth be told , I have done some dreadful things .
 But the lies your Uncle told were meant to protect you .
 He is a good man ...
 With a loyal heart .
 And he is your family .
 As for these witches , their attack on Kieran should be proof enough they 're the enemy .
 In that we are united .
 Klaus ...
 This is Papa Tunde 's blade .
 A witch gave it to me .
 Said it would cause untold pain and torment , even to an original .
 She said if I stuck it in your heart , she would heal Kieran .
 And yet you chose to reject their offer .
 Maybe if I were more like you , I could do it .
 But I 'm not ...
 A monster .
 I 'm not stupid .
 If there 's a war going on ,
 I want to be on the winning side .
 Let 's see what we can do about saving your Uncle , shall we ?
 Hello again .
 I 'm looking forward to meeting you soon .
 You 've got to be kidding me .
 A vampire is trying to reverse a witch 's hex placed on you , and it 's the cup you find sacrilegious .
 Are you sure this is going to work ?
 Not remotely .
 But I can 't attempt to use my compulsion to counter Bastiana 's curse if the good father has vervain in his system .
 Thus ...
 We bleed him out .
 I never said this would be pleasant .
 Just do what you have to do .
 So help me God , Marcel , if you don 't call me back with an update , I will kill you myself .
 Oh .
 I beg ... Your pardon .
 I was expecting someone furrier .
 You 're one of them , aren 't you ?
 An original .
 Yes . You might want to say that with some more respect .
 I suppose you 'll be wanting Hayley .
 Or I could just talk to you .
 I 'm Oliver .
 I didn 't catch your name .
 I 'm Rebekah .
 Hayley , the party 's here !
 You got enough power left to find these witches ?
 I know the harvest was an epic fail , but I can still do a locator spell .
 Before I do that , we need to make a deal .
 What deal ?
 If I betray these witches , they 're gonna come looking for me .
 And if I 'm caught , I 'm dead .
 I said I 'd protect you .
 If you could do that , you wouldn 't need my help in the first place .
 The quarter isn 't safe .
 Vampires on one side , witches on the other .
 No way am I letting Monique get in the middle of that .
 In order to get her out ,
 I 'm gonna need money .
 Do we have a deal ?
 Find the witches , I 'll give you anything you could ever need .
 Well , come on ! You can do better than that . Sorry .
 I 've got a burdened brain tonight .
 No , no , no , no .
 Tonight is not a night for burdens .
 It 's to celebrate .
 It 's to enjoy life for the few hours that we get to live it .
 It 's to hug our friends , our family , and to dance our asses off .
 I seriously doubt you invited us here to wait on us .
 You 're Hayley . I 'm Jackson .
 It 's nice to see you again .
 You 're the wolf who 's been watching me .
 I got to keep my eye on you , precious cargo and all .
 Right .
 Got to protect the miracle baby . No .
 That 's not what I meant .
 I don 't care about the baby .
 Sorry .
 That came out wrong .
 I mean , of course I care .
 You 're a labonair .
 A baby , it 's a big deal .
 But personally , my interest is in you .
 You don 't even know me .
 Our parents knew each other .
 They were of the same people but not the same bloodline .
 Now , you know how pack hierarchy works , right ?
 Everybody has their part to play , and we had our part , too .
 What part was that ?
 You were supposed to be my wife .
 So this next part of town is one of the few areas where any of the original French architecture remains .
 Most of the buildings were destroyed in the 1700s , when the city burned for the first time .
 Am I putting you to sleep ?
 As surprising as you might find this , it 's not every day that someone asks you to betray your own brother ...
 Celeste .
 How did you know ?
 As Davina was drawing your likeness ...
 I dared to imagine that your presence was near .
 And when Sophie discovered that there was no magic in your remains ,
 I wondered ...
 Could you have possibly cheated death by using your power to place your essence into the body of another ?
 And if so , then who ?
 And then I recalled the lovely Sabine .
 Are you gonna continue following me , Elijah ?
 Or do you want to talk ?
 You know who I am .
 Original vampire , always wears a suit ?
 Your visions of my brother 's child precipitated the death of the last elder within your coven ...
 Tell them what you saw .
 Ensuring that the harvest ritual could not be completed ...
 Unless you were to control it .
 You 're playing a very long game indeed ...
 To what end ?
 Oh , Elijah ...
 My lost love ...
 After all this time ...
 Don 't you understand ?
 I died because of Klaus .
 And even after all his vindictive lies about witches led to my death , you stood by him all because of your vow , " always and forever . "
 What have you done to me ?
 It 's a simple enchantment .
 You needn 't worry .
 I 'm not here to kill you , Elijah .
 I 'm here to teach you the error of your ways .
 " Always and forever " was the greatest mistake of your life .
 Drink up .
 It will heal your wound .
 I think you 've suffered enough .
 You will overcome what the witches did to you .
 You will resist the dark urges of their hex .
 Did it work ? Ohh .
 How do I know if it worked ?
 All I know is that the vervain is out and I 'm at the mercy of this murderous bastard .
 I bet you find that really funny , don 't you ,
 Cami , you little ...
 I 'm ...
 I 'm sorry .
 I don 't know why I said that .
 Well , I guess that 's our answer . Wait .
 Klaus , where are you going ?
 What are we going to do ?
 I 'm going to find the witch who did this .
 And then I 'm going to do what I do best .
 I 'm weaker than I thought .
 You want the deal , Soph , you got to hold up your end .
 I 'm on a clock .
 Ok .
 It 's working .
 That 's one . I need all 3 .
 I 'm giving you whatever I can pick up .
 Keep trying .
 Or don 't .
 Who needs a locator spell when I have all the leverage
 I need right here ?
 No ! Monique !
 You 've poisoned me with a kiss . Uh !
 At least you haven 't lost your sense of irony .
 We may have time for more .
 But first , I 'm going to cure you of your greatest flaw ...
 This absurd devotion to your lunatic family .
 Celeste , your anger is with me .
 Now , if you have come here seeking revenge ...
 Oh , I 'll have my revenge , starting with Klaus .
 He is gonna know pain and torment
 like he 's never felt before ...
 Unless you choose to save him , of course .
 But then that leaves Rebekah , your tragic sister .
 She 's about to find herself in quite the predicament .
 You could save her .
 But then that leaves Hayley in jeopardy .
 No . No , no ...
 Ah , this poor girl .
 She has no idea how dangerous it is to be loved by you .
 Oh , well .
 With your body weakened by my spell , you won 't be able to save them all .
 You 'll recover with just enough time to choose one .
 Who will it be ?
 I can 't wait to find out .
 Witches of the French quarter ,
 I have with me Monique Deveraux .
 What a shame it would be were I forced to send her back to the death she 's just escaped .
 Should you wish to prevent this ...
 Bring me the witch Bastiana .
 What the hell do you think you 're doing ?
 I 'm opening negotiations .
 You know my rules . We do not hurt kids .
 Spare me the hypocrisy of your moral code .
 It didn 't stop you from killing Monique 's mother .
 Bastiana ! I know you 're close .
 The stench of witches hangs in the air .
 Mark my words .
 I will end this girl with the very blade you meant for me .
 I 'm not saying it again .
 We do not kill kids .
 I decide who lives and dies here , Marcellus .
 Aah !
 I 'll take it from here .
 I know it 's a lot to take in .
 You think ?
 I just wanted to meet my family .
 I never imagined I 'd meet my husband from some weird- ass arranged marriage .
 I guess you don 't know about any of this because there was never anyone around to teach you .
 The crescents aren 't just any pack of wolves .
 The bloodline goes back to the very beginning ... two families ...
 Ok ?
 Yours and mine .
 I guess that makes us kind of like royalty .
 This is a joke , right ?
 I mean , if you 're royalty , where 's the throne ?
 New Orleans used to be our town .
 And we lost it all because of some infighting .
 The vampires came after us .
 And if our families were united , we could have taken them .
 So our parents decided to bring the two lines back together .
 And you and I were betrothed .
 I 'm sorry .
 This is ridiculous .
 Look , obviously things didn 't work out the way anyone thought they would .
 Our pack made a huge misstep with the vampires when we refused to back down .
 And Marcel had us cursed by a witch .
 You are the last one of your bloodline , Andrea .
 Or , Hayley , whatever you call yourself .
 These people will follow you .
 You can help them ... you and what you represent .
 And what is that exactly ?
 A time when things were different , when our people fought back .
 And after everything you went through to find us ...
 You 're the one who 's gonna break our curse .
 What are you talking about ?
 Your witch friend .
 She told Eve she was coming here tonight to set us free .
 Wait .
 What witch friend ?
 I 'm sorry .
 I really do like you , but this is the deal we made .
 What deal ?
 With whom ?


 Hayley .
 Elijah , something 's going on with the witches .
 Listen to me . You were right .
 Celeste is back .
 Niklaus , Rebekah . You 're all in danger .
 What 's going on ?
 It 's a trap . I didn 't make a deal with any witch .
 What ? Hayley , you have to find Rebekah .
 And you stay with her until I get there .
 Elijah , it 's a spell .
 They 're trapping us inside .









 You know what to do .
 We have to get out of here .
 Here . Breathe through this .
 Where 's Rebekah ?
 I don 't know .
 She went off with one of them .
 Elijah , my friend is still in there .
 On your feet .
 Help me .
 It 's been such a long time , Rebekah .
 I 'm going to enjoy this .
 Missing something ?
 You won 't hurt me .
 I 'm the only one alive who can break the curse on Hayley 's family .
 And Genevieve knows where your sister is .
 Bastiana has Klaus tucked away someplace safe .
 He 's suffering horribly , I might add , and all because you chose to save the little wolf instead of your own blood .
 What a horrific ending ...
 To your pathetic , diseased family .
 I guess " always " isn 't forever after all .
 I have to go . The moon .
 Listen , Jackson ,
 I want to thank you for protecting me , not just tonight .
 I 've been dreaming to thank you about meeting you , since I was a kid .
 I never thought it would go like this .
 Hey ...
 I won 't stop until I find a way to break this curse .
 I promise .
 Come on . Come on . Come on .
 Klaus , where are you ?
 Mr. Mikaelson is currently indisposed .
 What happened ?
 What did you do ? I did nothing .
 Someone completed your task for you .
 If you got what you wanted , then my Uncle ...
 Will die soon and in great anguish .
 You see , dear , you failed to hold up your end of our bargain .
 You chose instead to side with evil as your Uncle has done many times before you .
 But take heart .
 His punishment will atone for his attempts to prevent the harvest .
 His suffering will purify him .
 You 'd do well to heed his lesson , girl .
 To oppose us is to oppose the natural order .
 By choice or by force , the witches of the French quarter will rise again .
 We looked everywhere for him .
 Tore apart the cauldron , the city of the dead .
 Wherever they got him , he ain 't in the quarter .
 Marcel !
 Where is my brother ?
 I got guys out looking for him right now .
 Elijah !
 Klaus threw one of his classic temper tantrums , snapped my neck , tried to take on a coven of witches by himself .
 He got dropped .
 I don 't know where he is or how to find him .
 They also have Rebekah .
 Every one of you will help me to find them .
 I 'm going to kill them all .
 Come on . We have to go .
 I don 't want to go .
 Monique , this isn 't a debate .
 I just stabbed an original .
 He 's gonna kill me as soon as he 's recovered .
 Look ...
 I 'm sorry for everything .
 I should have come and got you before that stupid harvest .
 But you can still have a normal life , one without all this crazy witch nonsense .
 But I am a witch .
 And I don 't want to go .
 Monique ?
 The ancestors said you didn 't have enough faith .
 I was hoping they were wrong .
 I should have known better .
 Monique ...
 You tried to stop the harvest .
 Please don 't do this .
 Now you want to run when we need to stay and fight .
 Please . I 'm begging you , don 't ... don 't ...
 The four of us , when we return , we 'll have enough power to rid the city of vampires , and we 'll kill anyone ...
 Who doesn 't keep the faith .
 Monique ...
 Please ...
 You should have believed .
 Stop .
 Please .
