0 0 : 0 0 : 0 0 , 1 0 0 - - &gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 0 1 , 8 0 0 (Part 1 replay of The Despicable Wife) Hi Maisy
Are you having an affair with my husband?
(The hostess is in financial crisis)
It 's great to be home
what is that?
monitor, they monitor me all the time
So how do you work?
I can 't work, can 't do anything
(The curtain is lifted)
That 's Angela (Secret Past)
I think you remembered wrong
My wife 's name is Mary Alice (woke everyone up)
I 'm an idiot, you 're a liar
Apparently a murderer
(even in this respected community you can still hear scandals)
(Someone yells to expose the scandal)
Idle, you thief that 's not your newspaper!
(some whispered)
Write 2 0 and I 'll give you some free porn
(some with gunshots)
out of my sight!
Occasionally, some scandals are so good that others are overshadowed by
Does your husband know that he has priority to sleep in this bed?
more than sleep
Also working baby, how do we start today?
use this
Oh, I charge a little more for this
Maisy, what did I arrest you for prostitution?
Turn around and put your hands on the bed
I 'm sorry, I 'm going to ask you out, now
Hi, let me go!
This is impossible
you must be mistaken
I also hope we are mistaken
- hurry up! - no no
Do not touch me
Get your hands off!

(Yes, the headline scandal of the arrest of Maisy Gibbons was quickly spread throughout the city)
- = Eden Forum http: / / www . ydy . com = - Honorary production This subtitle is only for learning and exchange, and is strictly prohibited for commercial use
- = COSL - YTET Group Studio = - Transliteration: Pompong Proofreading: Pompong hepburnlss

(People often say that good news travels fast)
(But every woman knows bad news travels faster)
hey, you can 't believe it
Maisy Gibbons got caught - are you serious? - Yes
- Hi, did you hear that? Maisy . . . . . .
- She . . . . . . Maisy Gibbons was handcuffed, did you see that?

Stay here, I 'll be right back
Ladies, be quiet
This is just a reminder to prevent
If you are careful . . . . . .

What happened
Got a big headline?

This document has all the information including how to get rid of lice
Lice, that sounds disgusting
Does anyone know where it came from?
Sorry, this can 't be revealed
we have no right to blame anyone
hey guys, here I am
I think parents have a right to know who brought this to our school
calm down, ladies
It 's useless for us to point fingers here
If we tell this kid, he or she will be laughed at
I 'm, uh, sorry...
- Please see this flyer . . . . . .
- Don 't scratch, don 't scratch, I 'm serious

we 're leaving, stop scratching
- hi, bye- bye

what the hell
- G abrielle - What 's the matter?
Gabrielle, this is in trouble
I can 't hear me saying we 're in trouble
- The water is flowing back - what?
Where is the source?
Oh, it was there
Mike, it nearly killed us
what happened?
The pipe was broken, so it collapsed
The entire system needs to be reworked
How much will it cost?
I can do it but it will cost about $6,000 or $7,000
Well, I 'll let you know if it 's going to be repaired if there 's a problem with the money. . . . . . .
Oh no, it 's not about the money
It 's just that Carlos and I have more important things to do
It 's hard for me to imagine what could be more important than this?
We 'll definitely fix it, better call me early

Why?
I 'm afraid of being caught
They say that what happened, seems to have something to do with me
Innocent can prove that you are innocent. How can Mike be as innocent as you?

Hi Lynette, I know I don 't want to answer the phone
But you gotta come and play poker I know the maisy Gibbons dirty
Hello Susan, it 's me
We need to talk to the person who made you not want to answer the phone
I know you 're listening
How are you?

Hi
You know, I can stay home if you need to
no, no, it 's ok
I know you 've been looking forward to meeting your dad
I 'm fine you don 't look fine
Oh, just a little sad
I broke up with Mike
It 's not a small problem, it 's a serious problem

Mom, everyone can see how much you love him
I used to love your dad too, but I don 't survive the same
Your dad is here, have a good time
Last chance, are you sure?
I 'm sure, let 's go


You find better, mom, a really good person, I know


What 's the matter with you, R ex?
You don 't like playing golf with Dr. Walice?
I didn 't fight, I still feel sick
Not yet? Did you tell him?
Said, he said he didn 't know why the medicine didn 't work
He 'll check again tomorrow
It seems that T ish is very popular with everyone
She must be talking about something funny
call her over
Today I will tell her an interesting story
T i s h ， T i s h
I know you definitely want something good to share
Come on, don 't be so selfish, first of all,
Are you friends with Maisy Gibbons? no
oh god this is great
Maisy was arrested
Can you imagine her making money by prostitution at home
Unbelievable? ? ? ?
Even more ridiculous
She has a little black book with the names of all the clients. Do you think that book will be published?
Of course it will, it 's always like this
Nancy, wait a minute

Let 's hear your jokes, R ex why don 't you laugh?

I 'll pick it up
Hello?

Hi Timy, yes
- Can we take a look at it? - Can
Look, it 's this little white thing
It looks like, oh god looks like a sesame
so cool
but they are not the same as sesame seeds
Oh, what a pity
you must be disappointed
When Tolfer is done, let 's get the kids together again. See you Timy. What do you think?

She canceled Tolfer 's birthday party on Sunday and he had a rash
rash, eh?
Yes what 's the matter
She spent a lot of money for that party
If she called me in Switzerland I believe she really canceled so why would Timy lie?
Because she saw Potter scratching at school
Now the whole world knows
Why are you making such a fuss?
A lot of kids have it, it 's not a big deal
- Okay, but this little bitch has a big mouth- Lynette
One day they won 't be invited to birthday parties
If rumors get out they 're going to say goodbye to the party
oh oh
Well, it doesn 't feel cool now, does it?
It 's all here
I 've looked everywhere this is your file
Sorry again, I suddenly changed my mind but it doesn 't seem like the right time to sell the house
Z ach wants to finish high school before moving
Don 't take it to heart I 'm looking forward to a new house
Where 's your house key?
oh maybe i forgot
I 'll bring it back tonight
No one at night, Zach went to school
I have a business meeting tonight
come by tomorrow
Or can I keep it?
What?
Paul, I know you 've been alone since your wife died
6 months is long enough
Hello

Oh, hello, Felicia

E die, I found this in my sister 's stuff
has your name on it
Ah, my necklace! I left it there three months ago
She said she was flushed down the drain

I miss those times when we stole from each other
Felicia, I heard they caught Mike Delfino, the suspect who killed your sister?

Oh, he didn 't kill him
Jewelry found in his garage
But his fingerprints don 't match
That means he did it with gloves on
Gloves are wise, but he throws that bloody jewelry all over the place for others to find?
Please, if you killed someone, would you do that?
I don 't know, I 'm not a murderer, I just wanted to say
If I were you, I wouldn 't believe him
E die, that 's so pretty
Is it an antique?
yes, it should be
I know there 's a place for antique jewelry you 'll love
In Soltlic City, have you been to Soltlic City?
No, I 've never been to Utah
It 's a shame that place is too conservative for me

Have you been there, Paul? no
That place is amazing
I used to be a nurse there
You must go there if you have a chance
goodbye
There is no water pipe in the house, Gabrielle has to go down no matter when and where.
whenever possible
I am sorry
Nevermind, I was about to post the latest news from Maisy
Aren 't you ashamed that we take pleasure in the misery of others?
But unfortunately E die, go on

I got word from a very reliable source that Maisy is going to appeal
Obviously she has the bargaining chip to turn the salted fish over
I have a hard time imagining who would
Pay Maisy to have sex with her
Apparently a man who is not satisfied at home
The point is that Maisy will publish all the client lists in her little book.
- Really? - Yes

Can you imagine what it will be like after the release?
I 'm all down with blood


i bid
B r e e ？
What 's wrong?
she called

Yes Yes
I buckle
It 's hard to believe you 're so lucky every time. Not at all.
I 've been bluffing
real? you are too similar

The only good thing about my first husband is that he taught me how to bluff
He taught me how to gamble
While playing poker?
no, it 's in bed
I have to put on all kinds of expressions
you don 't have to answer me

thanks
Where did Susan go today?
I have no idea
wow, Tom must be doing great in bed

Obviously you don 't cheat

ok i said
She 's down and doesn 't want anyone to know
She 's sad about Mike, isn 't she? Tell me, I 'll find out sooner or later
She was so sad about the breakup and stayed in the house every day
why don 't you tell me?
Because it 's privacy I can only tell my friends I 'm a friend of Susan

i don 't hate her

E die, if you are her friend, you should give her some support, okay, how?
friend to show sympathy
Understand her pain and listen carefully
Sometimes you just want to support her
But she didn 't pay attention to this rotten person at all, what should I do?
Then bluff





I have to take a shower again. Let 's go to Bree 's.
I 've been to Bree 's house twice
Then go to Susan 's house
I hate going to Susan 's house
Weird candle smell

- Where 's Lynette 's house? - You don 't understand
I don 't want to go to anyone else 's house anymore
Knock on the door and then explain why we haven 't fixed the pipes why are you yelling at me?
Because it 's your fault?
My fault?
Yes, if you are not imprisoned
we need the plumbing
If I 'm not incarcerated, I 'm going to work hard to make money to make you happy. Did you find you 're too materialistic?
Am I too materialistic?
When johnson bought that new 7 series it was you who signed it and replaced it with something better
Who drives it every day? I don 't have time to fight with you
I still have clothes to wash

L u s a   B r i g a l ？
Mrs. Scavo, right?
Mom of twins?
I just wanted to come over and tell you
They are both better now

I just can 't forgive what happened
Give them a bath every night, trust me
The scariest 15 minutes of the day
I believe you
I 've been thinking maybe it 's because of the place I took them to last week
Those lambs are so dirty
Mrs Scavo, it 's not like that
Lice can only be passed from person to person
If you give birth to the wrong child, you can 't clean the whole world. Really?
Yeah, so don 't beat yourself up too much
But I still feel guilty
is our child
Caused the lice storm
not your child

Not them?
No, I know it 's another kid
This has happened four times
Ah, I think too much
Thank you
Whose child?
i can 't tell you
You know our no-blame principle, right?
To protect that kid you can understand
Of course
No, I don 't understand who you have to tell me

Mrs. Scavo is like this, parents want to protect their children
It 's human nature
if you don 't speak up
They 'll find a scapegoat I don 't want my kids to be a scapegoat
Please consider the position of others
I beg you
They 've been turned away from a birthday party
a very very grand party
There are bounce houses, clown shows . . . . . .
i hope i can help you
For God 's sake there must be justice
Timy Brelon won 't let us in
T i m y   B r e l o n ？
Tolfer 's mother?
Yes
This is boring, sit down
At this point, Maisy Gibbons in prison is happy that someone finally comes to visit her
But she realized that if someone came to prison with a basket, she had to be more careful
Are you kidding me?
hello maisy
I love you because of the things you do
Come on, what do you want to do?
I want you to do me a favor

I guess so too
I heard you have a little black book with the names of all your clients
Yes
I was wondering if you could
Cross out Reex 's name from that notebook
It 's a lot of work
That pay must be small
I have a sum of money that I keep for emergencies

I 'll give it all to you if . . . . . .
I won 't talk about this?
kept a secret
god i don 't know

I 'm not asking too much
All you need to do is cross out a trivial name
If I did it for you, I had to do it for the other wives
That 's not fair, is it?
Maisy, please
we used to be good friends
Where were you when I lost my job a year ago, eh?
Did you come over to see me and do something?
Did you come to see me with a basket when I couldn 't pay the bills?
If you do that, we 'll still be friends
Maisy, I didn 't realize you were struggling financially because I thought that would embarrass you yes, I might embarrass me
But it 's better than saying nothing
I have $14,000 in the account and everything is yours

I 'm not interested in
But at least one thing you deserve
you finally came to see me
Despite impure motives
The others won 't come at all
I was scorned by everyone
That 's what people do to you when you 're a town slut
oh dear
They spit on you not because you 're a slut but because you 're too difficult
Who is it?
I am E die
E die, not right now, I 'm busy
H i
come in
what are you doing?
I think my life is too complicated
I want to simplify
Throw away all that rubbish

Oh
I 'm giving myself a vacation to pass the time
I don 't want to be rude but what are you doing here?
Listen, I 'm so sorry about you and Mike, take it easy, I 'm not going on a date with him
i don 't care anymore
don 't get me wrong
I still have thoughts of sleeping with him
Some hills have to be climbed I should have locked the door just now

How long have you been sitting here?
I have no idea
5 minutes, or 3 hours?
ok let 's go out
Suit up
Why?
Because you 're going out with me
stop wasting time
let 's go to the bar
Why should I go out with you?
Because generally, women do it when they 're depressed
They put on skirts and go to the bar with their girlfriends
Maybe you will meet a strange man you like wow
oh hurry up
will be interesting, i promise
hurry up, get up

Why do you care about me?
I didn 't say I want to take care of you
I just, I just know how to make you forget the sad things

ok, give me a minute and i 'll change

Don 't forget to brush your hair it looks a little scary

Ah, how about that?

not my type
Is that skinny one your favorite? i hate them all

Look at them goofy as if they know everything
what are you saying? I know
They are nothing without us
Maybe 15 years ago, I still liked it, but now I 'm not interested
I 'm lonely and hopeless now they don 't understand they 're sitting there waiting for an affair
make love to us and then abandon us
i don 't want to have sex
i want mike
Hi , i want to stay with her tonight
so i need a little space
I am sorry
But it 's hard to find a man like Mike
I 'm pretty sure he didn 't kill Mrs. Huber
Well, let 's say Mike is innocent
Who would have done that?
I have no idea
Must be a special asshole
like paul young
P a u l ？

Are you serious?
tell you he 's trying to hide something
He hesitates every time I ask him about Mary Alice
Then we found out about Dana
Dana? Who is Dana?
Child of Paul and Mary Alice, dead
you are right
Zach killed her
Crazy, who told you that?
Paul said, he said it was an accident
But I think that maybe that 's why Mary Alice was blackmailed. Mary Alice was blackmailed?
Yes
My daughter and I found a ransom note in Mary 's stuff
What kind of street do we live on? I have no idea

I suddenly remembered the day before yesterday when Paul met Felicia and he tried again and again to convince Felicia to make her feel Mike guilty
See, it 's a typical crime to blame others, he 's definitely not a good person
Z ach and Paul are not at home
Maybe we can sneak into his house and see
i have the key
Oh yeah, we should go and see
Come on, I 'm joking
E die , our chance comes in just ten minutes
Susan, that 's break-in, it 's theft
Matha Huber is your best friend
Isn 't it worth the risk that we should find the real killer who killed her?
- have a good evening - thank you

Hi, Hi
I asked the doctor today

He still doesn 't know why the medicine doesn 't work and he told me to try it again
I said you don 't try to fool me

Re ex , everyone else is watching us

Yes, what 's wrong?
I may be wrong
But Maisy may have published her list
Do you think they are laughing at us?
no, i think they 're laughing at you
They 're sorry for me why I forgive you so easily
what should we do?
We can pretend nothing happened and after dinner we can walk out of the restaurant with our heads held high and that 's the dignity we can keep
let 's go now
No, I won 't let them see jokes
open your menu
Bree, it 's a shame everyone 's staring at us
You should expect this outcome when you pay a personal check for your one night stand
If you want, you stay here, I 'm leaving
Re ex, I 'll scream if you walk out of the restaurant
- Bree? - i will scream
tell everyone about your infidelity
And your perverted sex habits
If you want to know what real humiliation is, go one step further
What do you want to eat?
The environment here is very good
What are we looking for?
Cover Matha Huber 's pillow?
I don 't know, everything suspicious
this must be expensive
Do you believe in evil?
Of course, I work in real estate

I am not kidding
This house looks so cold
chilling
when Mary Alice was alive
She brings a lot of warmth and light
something
Can I even smell you feel this way?
The only thing I feel is that you 're drinking too much
Something must be happening here
Terrible things you can 't even imagine
Oh, damn it!
How are you?
I accidentally fluffed
oh my gosh, Angela

Angela, this is the name Mary Alice calls herself
what are you saying? we heard on a tape
It 's hard to say, I 'll tell you later
let 's put it in

Who is here?
I think it 's Paul
you said he was gone
I think I said it wrong

hurry up!
I took the strap out
hide!

P a u l
Ah, E die, gosh, you scared me to death
I 'm sorry, I saw you freaked out
Yeah, what are you doing here?
I 'll come and return the key
I was going to write you a message
You return the keys at 11:30 in the middle of the night
What is the intention? you are right

We don 't have to hide like children
my gut tells me
I 'm not just kidding this afternoon
I really wish I could keep your keys
use on my urge
you must be drinking too much
I finally have the courage now
tell you how i feel about you
Oh, obviously I feel more comfortable
sorry to embarrass you
this is your key

goodbye
E die, me, I 'm not embarrassed
I 'd be honored if I could
Susan, Susan, I have something to say
Mike , the timing is too bad
I drank too much
Why didn 't you return my message? we broke up
I don 't want to be disconnected
Oh come on, can we make it clear?
you lied to me
when? When did I lie?

The police showed me your resume
you killed people
You shouldn 't believe I 'm a cold blooded killer
Yes I don 't believe I don 't yet believe Carl cheats I don 't believe Mary Alice committed suicide
Let 's face it, I 'm blind and seeing the wrong person
I was going to tell you but there was no right moment
It 's a lie too
Because there are so many good moments - Susan . . . . . .
- Every time we go out to dinner you can say, oh yeah, I used to kill people
When you say, 'Hey, let 's go jogging,' you can say, oh yeah, I 've killed people
every time we go to the movies
That hero killed that bastard you can turn around and say to me by the way, I did that before but you didn 't say
Do you want to hear if I 've ever done it?
it doesn 't matter
'Cause I don 't believe every word you say anymore
At least you should believe this
There is someone in there! Calos, I 'm leaving
you have to wait a while
Why should I wait? I 'm going to a party
This toilet is not yours
I stole it
Baby I 'm sorry
you just have to wait
thank you, Bree
I finally made this decision when I saw you at home
Next time I will use limestone for a makeover
Gabrielle, how are you?

Of course, why ask that?
Something seems wrong with you lately
Which aspects?
You borrow everyone 's bathroom
Someone saw you and Calos doing laundry in your jacuzzi in your backyard two days ago
The reason is simple
I, uh . . . . .
Are you having financial problems with Calos?
Gabrie, if yes, it 's ok
- Yes? - Yes
To be honest I feel a little insulted that I am your best friend
What makes you feel like you have to cover up the truth from me?
I don 't know maybe for the same reason you didn 't tell me that Reex was a client of Maisy
Obviously the two are different
Why?
Because it happened to you?

Bree, I get it
Good friends avoid making their friends feel ashamed
And best friends have to pretend that nothing happened
So, I wish you a successful transformation
Say hello to R ex for me
嗨 ， T i m y
L y n e t t e ！
Tolfer is getting better so fast! Mom, can we go play?
Of course you can, go, have fun
Whoa, let 's go to the bounce room, let 's go
Well, you caught me I lied

But you should bring a nurse to this birthday party
I heard that T olfer wanted a snare drum I know you 'll like it as much as he does
Charlie, get out of it
I don 't want you to play with these dirty pigs
Oh come on, they 're clean
Hope you don 't ruin our party
Come on, get out, let 's go!

don 't go out, jump, jump, it 's okay
By the way, I asked Nurse Lusa
I know who was the first to spread lice
Well, little ones, get out!
How can you do this?
Listen, this party is important to Tolfer
I don 't want to see people not showing up
That 's horrible, I have to do something
The best idea you can think of is to make my child a scapegoat?
i didn 't say anything
People have long suspected
- Oh, don 't say that - that 's it, let 's face it
Your child is the dirtiest on earth
You 're not wise to say that. Where are you going?
I 'm going to tell every mother the truth
Then I took the snare back
wait, ok, i, i was wrong
I 'm very, very sorry
Too insincere, too late
Alright alright
I 'm going to tell everyone I got it wrong and it 's not your kid
I beg you, okay?

Why are you standing here still? Go!

-   B r e e ， H i ！   -   H i
what 's wrong?

oh i 've been thinking
R ex and I have been in the country club for a few years now and it 's been a mixed bag so I don 't want to keep my membership
I hope this money can be spent by someone I really care about
Oh Bree, I can 't take it
Gabrie, I think a good friend is someone who can help you when you are in trouble
And best friends, will not accept rejection
I 'll give you every point I swear
Not in a hurry
Everyone loves scandals big or small
After all, what could be more enjoyable than watching others fall from peak to trough?
What could be more fun than ugly privacy being exposed to the public?
Yes, everyone loves scandal if for some reason you don 't like the latest scandal
Never mind the next one coming soon 'De esperate Housewives Season 1 Episode 16' -=End=-
- = COSL - YTET Group Studio = - Listening Translation: Peng Peng Proofreading: Peng Peng hepburnlss - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - This forum subtitles only Any commercial use is prohibited for translation, communication and learning. Otherwise, the consequences will be at your own risk- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
