
Great craftsmen say that watering the body more often
The shape of the pot will be more beautiful
The outline of the pot is perfected by the constant pouring of tea
The tea residue left on the clay makes the surface of the pot a beautiful coat
Some teapots have been baptized with tea since 400 years ago
The museum will close in 10 minutes
The 400-year-old teapot owner agreed to let you make tea with it
Some things shouldn 't just be kept in glass cabinets, they have to be combined with our hands
to exert its effect
These teapots need to be cared for
The pot is about to crack
I don 't think they 'll recover with a brew of tea
Sometimes you have to look carefully to understand its value
look
This pot is even brighter than before
I was thinking . . . uh, I mean . . .
Would you like to have a drink with me?
Of course it 's not for tea, uh, it 's to go to the bar, it 's just you and me tonight
Um. . . ?
I 'm not as good as you think
Is it up to me to decide?
I can not go
I 'm sorry please don 't date me again




Is it the guard?
Is anyone here?
(New Century Holmes)

Please arrive at the cashier area immediately . . .
Unidentified product found in self-bagging area
please try again
hateful!

Unrecognized, please try again
Could you be quieter?
- Can 't read credit card - OK, OK! I heard
Please use another payment method Unable to read credit card
Please use another payment method
send you, keep it



(the clerk who doesn 't know the goods)
- You 've been gone for a long time - I can 't buy anything
What? how come?
Because I had a fight with the credit card machine in the supermarket
Jun KA, are you arguing with the machine? !
Almost there, I yelled at it do you have any cash?
use my card
You can go on your own. You 've been sitting there all morning. Before I leave, you 're the virtuous one
How 's the case going now?
- The diamond case? - I have no interest
- I have informed them


Don 't worry, I 'll do it myself
(Sherlock, how are you doing? Something happened at the bank. . . )
(Hope you can arrange it . . )
- Is that my computer? - or whose
- what? - mine is in the bedroom
What? Are you too lazy to even pick it up?
I have a password
Basically, it takes less than a minute to crack the password
Not to crack the vault
yes, come again

Oh. . .

- Gotta get a job - oh, that 's boring

Listen, that . . . you can lend me some . . .
- Sherlock, are you listening? - I have to go to the bank
So the bank you 're talking about is here . . .


I am Sherlock Holmes
Sherlock Holmes
- Sebastian - long time no see, bro
Eight years ago was the last time I saw you
- This is my friend, John Watson - friend?
colleague
Okay
sit down
Want something to drink, coffee or water?
Do not bother
You 're doing well as a trapeze
Oh, how do you see it?
You run the world twice in a month
That 's right, your old problem hasn 't changed.
We were college classmates, and this guy loved playing this game back then.
it 's not a trick
He can tell your life just by looking at you
- Yeah, I 've seen it - made everybody panic, everybody hated him
Just have breakfast in the morning and he 's a freak who knows who you hung out with last night
- I 'm from observation - go on, enlighten me
You 're right about going abroad twice a month, all over the world
How did you see it? Are you going to talk about the stain on my tie?
Got it with a special ketchup you only get in Manhattan? - No, I . . .
- Is there sludge on my shoes?
I just had a chat with your assistant outside
she told me

I 'm glad you were willing to come. We were hacked.
Right in the office of Sir William, the former president of the bank
That office is left there like a memorial
Someone broke into here late last night
- Has something been stolen? - no
just leave a message


only 60 seconds apart

Someone came here late at night and ran away within a minute after graffiti
How many ways can I get into the office?
Well, this part is the most intriguing
All doors in the bank are locked by this system
All large cabinets and toilets are also piped by this
Was the door not opened last night?
Our security system is flawed
Find a flaw and we 'll pay you five figures
It 's just a deposit
tell me how he broke in
You 'll get a bigger payout later
I don 't need this as a trigger, Sebastian
He 's just, uh. . . he 's just joking
Can I take it for him?
thanks
(Hong Kong Business Desk Eddie Van Kuhn)
You said he traveled the world twice this month
You didn 't ask his assistant at all, you just meant to mess with him
- How did you reason? - Did you see his watch?
his watch?
The time is right but the date is wrong
Said that he flew over the line twice two days ago, so he didn 't go to adjust
- How did it come out in that month? - He is wearing a new Breitling watch
Listed in February this year
Well, should we spend more time looking for clues here?
I 've got a clue. Thank you that doodle represents a message

It 's for employees who work in banking transactions
We have to find out who this message is from . . .
You can find out who is the one who left the message.
But there are 300 employees here. Who are we looking for?
- From the column - what?
View from pillars and partitions
Very few places to see graffiti
So the scope is greatly narrowed Again, that message
It was last night at 11:34 left that says it all
- Yes? - Traders have to work at all times
Some will trade with Hong Kong late at night
The message is for someone working late at night
There aren 't many people named Van Kuhn Taxi in the phone book!

(Van Kuhn)

What to do now? Sitting here waiting for him to come back?
- Specializing in new tenants - what?
- the number plate upstairs is new - may have just been changed
- Who gets bored to change house numbers - Hello?
Hi, I 'm the downstairs tenant and I don 't think we 've seen each other
Yes, uh, I just moved in
So, I accidentally left the keys in the apartment. You want me to open the door and let you in?
Yes, can I borrow your balcony by the way?
What?
Sherlock?
Sherlock, are you all right?
Anyway, let me in.
Do you think he is in debt?
The suicide rate of young people in the city is still high
- Don 't know if this is suicide or not - please
The door is locked from the inside and you have to climb down from the upstairs balcony
Judging from the condition of his clothes, he went on a business trip for three days
Check to see what 's in the closet
- Thanks, you 'd better do it yourself - any questions?
Yeah, I 'm not desperate enough to look through someone else 's dirty panties
Why are those bank symbols left there?
- Represents some kind of password? - Of course
Why do you have to draw it? Want to get in touch, why not send an email?
Maybe the dead don 't respond
great, you 're making progress
I do not want
What kind of information is everyone avoiding?
Like this morning?
- Those letters you 're looking at? - Bill?

Yes, the deceased was threatened
not from a gas pipe
. . . to see if fingerprints can be collected from the cup
Officer, first meeting
Yes, but I know who you are and I hope you don 't mess with our evidence
- I called Lestra, is he on his way? - He 's busy, and I 'm in charge of the search
And I 'm not a police officer, I 'm Inspector Dimock
This is apparently a suicide
Indeed, this can explain the situation at the scene
No, this only explains part of the evidence
You have your own interpretation but you choose to ignore evidence that contradicts your statement
- Like? - He was shot on the right side of the head
- so what? - Van Kuhn is left-handed
You have to twist your body like this to commit suicide
left handed?
You didn 't even notice, just look at this apartment
The coffee table is placed on the left hand side and the handle of the coffee cup points to the left
The socket is also used to use the pen and paper on the left
The left side of the phone is because he holds the phone in his right hand and remembers things in his left hand
- Do you want to go on? - No, it 's enough
I 'm almost done
There is a knife on the cutting board with cream on the right side of the blade because he cuts with his left hand so he is left-handed
It is absolutely impossible to shoot yourself in the right temple with a gun
The conclusion is that someone broke in here and killed him in order to explain all the evidence at the scene
- How to explain the gun? - He was waiting for the killer to come
- He was threatened - what?
Graffiti seen in banks today is a warning
He shot when the killer came in
- Where 's the bullet? - flew out through the window
Oh, how is that possible!
What are the chances of this happening!
You 'll know when you get the ballistic report.
The bullet in his head was definitely not fired from his gun, I promise
But if the door is locked from the inside, how did the murderer get in?
Great, you finally asked the right question
Then he tried cutting his own hair with a fork, of course he couldn 't.
What the graffiti represents is a warning that I 'm in a meeting
Can you make an appointment with my secretary?
I 'm so sorry about this, Sebastian
The man in charge of trading at your company was killed
- what? - His name is Van Kuhn
Police are currently in his apartment
- Killed? - sorry to bother you
Do you need another appointment for your lunch digestion?
Or meet at the Metropolitan Police at 9:00?
He graduated from prestigious schools all the way . . . a very good person
Worked in Asia for a while . . .
You hand over Hong Kong affairs to him?
Lost five million one morning and made it back in a week
Eddie he has a will of steel
- Who would want to kill him? - We have made countless enemies in our line
But not everyone ends up eating bullets
That 's right, wait a minute

Call from our president
The police went to him
Apparently they 'll inform him - it 's a suicide - they got it wrong
Sebastian, he was killed
Yeah, I 'm afraid the police don 't think so
- so? - My boss doesn 't think so either.
I asked you to come here not to check this, don 't get the point wrong
People who work in banks are really ruthless assholes

I want you to go to Crispan
Two Ming Dynasty vases to be auctioned during Ming Chenghua period
- Give your estimate- let Su Lin go, she 's an expert
Su Lin resigned, I want you to go

(Yao Sulin 's house)

- This job is a temp - that 's okay, that 's enough
- You, uh... .
- This job is overkill for you
Just get paid
Well, two doctors are going on vacation this week and one is on maternity leave.
The job content may be a bit generic to you
Oh, it 's okay, ordinary is a good thing
Ordinary work is fine
- It says on your resume that you were a soldier - I 'm a military doctor

What other expertise do you have?
I learned the recorder in school
oh . . . well, i 'm looking forward to your performance
I said, can you get me a pen?
- what? When did you say it? - An hour ago
Don 't you know I wasn 't home at the time?
I went to that clinic to apply for a job
- How is the result? - it went well, she 's great
who?
work but you say she? !

is it
Forget it, come and see
'The Wall Intruder' happened last night
Journalist shot dead in apartment
The door is locked and the window is bolted from the inside
It 's the same as Van Kuhn 's case.
Omg! Shouldn 't it be . . . ?
he killed the second man
Brian Lux, freelance journalist killed in apartment
door locked from inside
Admit it, the two cases are similar
Both victims were killed by people who could walk through walls
Inspector, do you really think the Eddie Van Kuhn case is nothing more than a suicide case?
I think you should have read the ballistic report?
Was the bullet that killed Van Kuhn fired from his own gun?
- no- no, if you had believed me sooner
The investigation of this case will make great progress
I want to investigate this murder
See you at the apartment in five minutes
four storeys high
No wonder victims thought they were safe
Lock the door with a chain and bolt it, and think it 's safe
They never thought there was another entrance
- I don 't understand - we 're looking for a murderer who can climb walls
- what are you doing? - The murderer is crawling on the wall like a worm
That 's how he got in
What? !
He climbed up the wall and ran along the roof to get in here through the skylight
real or fake? ! Like Spider-Man?
He climbed six floors in the Docklands apartment complex
- Jumped off the balcony and killed Van Kuhn - oh wait!
That 's how he broke into the bank and ran along the windowsill to the platform
I have to find out what is the connection between the two dead
The borrowing date coincides with the day he died
Sherlock?
So the killer went to the bank and left the scare code
Van Kuhn panicked and went back to the apartment to lock himself up
He died a few hours later
The murderer found Lux ​​in the library, so he left a password that Lux would see on the bookshelf and then Lux ran home
He also died late that night
Why did they die, Sherlock?
Only a password can unlock the answer to this question
The world runs on codes and ciphers John
Whether it 's the million-pound bank security system or the card machine you sneer at
Passwords are ubiquitous in our lives
Yes, I understand, but . . .
These are computer-operated electronic passwords and electronic coding techniques
But this is different
This is an ancient graphic
It cannot be cracked with modern methods of cracking the cipher
- Where are we going? - I need to ask someone
What? ! etc
You obviously heard me and I won 't say it again
- Do you need to ask someone? - About graffiti
I need to ask an expert

This is new work
- very interesting - my name is . . .
City Killing Celebration
very sensational
I have two minutes to draw before the community service police come
Can I ask while drawing?
- Do you know who drew it? - I 'm familiar with paint
It 's a lot like Michigan 's . . . would use paint I guess zinc
Got a clue about this graphic? Have you seen?
I 'm not even sure if it 's a word
Two people were killed, Leidse
Cracking this graphic is the key to finding the killer
You only have this clue now?
- Just a little bit? - Are you going to help us?
I 'll ask around
- Someone must know the pattern - Hey!

Do you know what you did? This gallery is a public facility recognized by the government
No, no, wait a minute, I didn 't draw this
I just happened to be helping that guy get it . . .
Just cooperate, okay?

She 's only halfway through the restoration of the artifact
How could she suddenly resign?
family problems she wrote in her resignation letter
But she was helpless, she came to England alone
- Andy! - Look at those teapots, those pottery
These are the things she loves
It 's been weeks since she 's been working on the restoration.
I don 't believe she will leave them . . . and walk away
Maybe she was bothered by other reasons?

you have been lost for a long time
Yes, you know what to ask
Detention cops like to be slow, right?
It 's just some formalities, according to fingerprints
The case is on file. I have to report to the Magistrates Court on Tuesday.
- what? - Me, Sherlock! Going to court on Tuesday!
- They say I have an antisocial personality! - yes, that 's fine
Please tell your little friend that he is welcome to turn himself in at any time
I still don 't understand this symbol
Wait a minute, you have to go to the police station again to collect information on the murdered journalist. His personal belongings should be locked there.
Get his journal or anything that shows his whereabouts
I went to see Van Kuhn 's assistant
Re-comparing their whereabouts must have something in common

I 'm going to Scotland Yard
He flew back from Dalian on Friday
Looks like he had several meetings with the sales team
Can you print a copy for me?
- No problem - what was his schedule on the day he was killed?
- Can you tell me where he has been? - Sorry, he didn 't record that day.
but i have all his receipts
- that friend of yours . . .
- listen, whatever you say
I 'm 100% on your side . . . he 's such an arrogant bastard
Oh, you swear so lightly, usually other people swear harder
This is what you want, right? the reporter 's diary
What kind of boss is he, Amanda? Do you care about your subordinates?
Oh no, I wouldn 't describe him that way
Eddie only pays attention to things that are of great value
Like this hand cream he bought for you, right?
look at this
The receipt for the taxi he took the day of the accident was £18.50
That 's probably where he goes to work.
It 's not a rush hour ride, you see, it 's a 10:00 ride, and it costs 18 pounds
- You can take it all . . .
- West End, I remember him saying
Tube tickets, a little at Piccadilly
So he took the subway back to the office
Why did he take a taxi to the city and then take the subway back?
Because he 's going to deliver a heavy item
It 's hard to take an escalator with a large package.
Sending East West? !!
He went to a place near Piccadilly station
Drop the package down for delivery, and then . . .
On the way back he stopped because he was hungry

So you buy lunch here on your way to the station but where do you go after that?
Where are you going by taxi?
- Oh! - correct
Eddie Van Kuhn brought a package here on the day he died
No matter what 's in there . . .
I 've pieced it together from credit cards, pill receipts, after he flew back from China
- Just here - Sherlock
I don 't know where he must have gone on this street, but . . .
- It 's that store over there - how did you know that?
Lux 's diary is written, he also came here
- He wrote down the address - did he?


Hello
Do you want to buy . . . Lucky Cat?
No thanks, no need for £10! £10!
your wife will love it
uh, maybe... .
Sherlock . . .
- look at this label - i see
This is the same as that password graphic

This is an ancient counting system called Suzhou Code Zi
Only street vendors are using it now
Graffiti in banks and libraries is the number of this counting system
Number symbols used in ancient Chinese dialects
It says 1 5
What we thought was graffiti was actually the numbers 1 5
As for the parallel line drawn like a blindfold, it also represents numbers
- stands for the Chinese number 1, John - we found

The two victims returned from China and both went directly to the shop selling lucky cats
What did they see?
It doesn 't matter what they see
And it has to do with what they bring back from abroad
You don 't mean duty-free goods, right?
thanks
Think back to what Sebastian told us
It has something to do with Van Kuhn saying he made his money back in a short amount of time
- Lost 5 million - made it back in a week
That 's how he makes money so easily
he 's a smuggler
Their profession is the best cover
Business people often travel to Asia on business
Lux is the same, he is a reporter who often covers China
Both of them are smugglers
Lucky cat shop is where they unload
But why do they die?
It doesn 't make sense if they show up in the store and deliver
Why would someone intimidate them and have to kill them when it 's done
What if one of them stole something?
- What 's the meaning? - Steal
Steal items from smuggled goods
The murderer didn 't know which of them did it, so he just threatened both

tell me
When was the last time it rained here?
It rained on Monday
(Yao Sulin 's house)
That apartment has been empty for at least three days.
Maybe on vacation
Do your windows stay open when you go on vacation?
Sherlock!

someone came here
Someone broke in and knocked over the vase like me
Can you let me in this time?
Can you not do this to me every time?
I 'm not the first to come in
- what? - Someone came in before me
What did you say?
he wears size eight shoes
Not tall . . . but strong
I really play the piano to the cow
Small but strong hands
this stunt guy
Why didn 't you close the windows before leaving... ?
oh i 'm so stupid
That 's right
others are still here

Next time if you 'd like to take me in with you . . .
John . . .
John!
oh i 'm sherlock holmes i always go it alone cause no one can match my ingenuity



The milk is sour and the laundry starts to stink
Someone left someone in a hurry three days ago?

Yao Sulin, we have to find her
How to find it?
Start from the location on this note
Your voice is getting so hoarse. Did you catch a cold?
i 'm fine
When was the last time you saw her?
Three days ago, in this museum
This morning they told me she quit her job
Everything is still her work is not done
What was she doing here on her last afternoon?
She shows tourists the process of making tea with cultural relics
so she might have sorted things out and put them back here
We need to find Yao Sulin soon
- Hope she 's still alive - Sherlock!
Oh look who 's here
I found what you want
Tuesday morning you remember to turn yourself in and say that the bag is yours
Forget about the courts
Hey, you are amazing!
Want to hide a tree forest would be the best place, wouldn 't it?
People passing through this place will never notice anything unusual or recognize these messages
There I just saw
Did they come here before this is the same paint?
That 's right
John, if we 're going to crack this code we 'll have to find more evidence
Why don 't you answer the phone, I just kept calling you
I found it
The graffiti is still there
I don 't understand, just Mingming . . .
still
I saw it 10 minutes ago
A lot of graffiti on the wall
someone doesn 't want me to see
- Sherlock, what are you doing... ? - Shhh! John, focus
I want you to concentrate on closing your eyes
What? Why? What are you doing?

I want you to expand the capacity of visual memory
Try to draw the doodle you just saw
- Can you draw it? - Can
- Do you remember? - Yes, of course
Do you remember graffiti?
- Right - how much do you remember?
Do not you worry
Because human visual memory is only 62% accurate
- I said don 't worry, I remembered it all - really?
At least I can get my phone out of my pocket and take a picture


The numbers are all in one set, John, you see
Numbers . . . are all in pairs
God, I have to sleep
- Why is he graffiti next to the tracks? - who knows
Thousands of people pass there every day
20 minutes of sleep first . . .
Of course
Of course, he wanted information, he wanted to
Underground accomplice contacts, no matter what is stolen, he will come back
There must be some message here written as a password
We can 't crack the code without Yao Sulin
oh so good
Two people returning from China were killed
The murderer once left a message to them with the numbers of the Suzhou code
Yao Sulin is in danger
That graphic is like everyone else 's message
He also planned to kill her
Listen, I 've tried every way to contact her friends, colleagues have tried and I still don 't know her whereabouts
I think she might be thousands of miles away
- What are you looking at? - tell me about these teapots
This is her favorite tea set These teapots must be repaired quickly
The clay will start to crumble if the surface dries out
Basically, as long as you keep making tea with it, you 'll be fine.
There was only one teapot shining here yesterday
Now, there are two

Want to serve it with a cookie?
This is hundreds of years old and I don 't want to break it
Hello
Did you see the password map?
Then you should know he 's coming to kill me
You are wise to avoid him so far
i have to make an end
must complete this work
It 's only a matter of time
he will find me sooner or later
Who is he? Have you seen him before?
When we were young, we met in China
I recognize his . . . - handwriting - cipher map?

Only he can do it, Zhi Z hu
- Zhi Zhu? - Chinese called spider
Do you know this pattern?
You know, it 's the symbol of an organization called 'the same'
- what? - Historic criminal syndicate base in China
Everyone has this mark on them
Everyone who helps this group smuggle stolen goods
Smuggling stolen goods?
Are you saying you are a smuggler?
I was 15 years old
Both parents died
I can 't support myself
Every day, live by the way, unless I die for the gods
who are they?
They call themselves the Black Lotus Society
when i was 16
I smuggled thousands of pounds worth of drugs across the border into Hong Kong
I fought so hard to let go of those days
So I came to England
I found an opportunity to work here
Everything went well and started again
But he came to you
right
I thought, after five years... maybe they 'll forget me
But they 'll never let me go
We have very little living space . . . impossible to get rid of them
he came to my apartment
Wants me to help him find his stolen items
Don 't you know what he 's looking for?
i refuse to help him
So, you knew him well when you were in China?
Oh of course
he is my brother
we are two orphans
no choice
If you don 't work for the Black Lotus Society, you 'll starve like a beggar on the street
My brother has become their puppet
The person holding the highest power last name 'Shan'
'Shan' is the head of the Black Lotus Society
After I refused to help my brother
He said I betrayed him
The next day, when I went to work, I saw a password map waiting for me
Can you unlock these codes?
- These are numbers - yes, I know
Here, the part where the man 's eyes were drawn is the Chinese number one.
This one is 1 5 but what does it mean?
all smugglers know
It 's all based on a book . . .

he came
spider found me
no, wait, sherlock
Sherlock, wait a minute!
come here
Get in, get in!




I have to help him and lock the door after I leave


Be careful!
Will these skulls be more than 200,000 years old?
Thank you
beam
big brother
It 's you

oh no

How many murders does it take to convince you that a lunatic is on the loose?
A young girl was shot tonight
Three people died in three days, you should catch them soon
Brian Lux and Eddie Van Kuhn both worked for the transnational smuggling ring
That 's a group called the Black Lotus Society that is currently operating blatantly in London.
Can you prove it?
- What would you like to eat? Pork or pasta? - Oh, it 's you

I think gourmets must not be so distressed, right?
I would choose pasta
I wouldn 't choose roast pork because you 're always doing autopsies
What do you want to eat?
Not eating while I work digestion makes me think slowly
So you will be working here tonight?
- I have to examine some bodies - some?
Eddie Van Coon and Brian Lux
they are my responsibility
Can you make another exception and show me their bodies?
But . . their autopsy report is done
- You changed your hairstyle? - what?
Hairstyle, you usually have a mid-section
That 's right, uh . . .
very nice
This hairstyle . . suits you better
We only want to see the soles of the feet
- The soles of your feet? - right
Would you mind if we take a look?
Now for Van Kuhn
- Oh! - so. . .
So if these two people didn 't happen to go to the same Chinese tattoo shop
- That means I 'm telling the truth - what do you think?
I want all the books in Lux and Van Kuhn 's apartment
Do you want their book?
They 're not just a crime syndicate, they 're a cult

Her brother was spoiled by one of the bosses
Su Lin mentioned his name
Yes, the head of the list
We still can 't track his whereabouts
wrong! We already know almost
She also answered our questions
Why is he going to see his sister?
- Why does he need her professional assistance? - because she works in a museum
- That 's right - and a specialist in antiques
- Yes, I get it - she knows about expensive antiques, John
For example, antique Chinese cultural relics bought on the black market
After the Cultural Revolution, there are thousands of treasures hidden in China
The Black Lotus Society is selling these cultural relics
See the dates above . . . here
John wrote 'Just arrived from China four days ago'
Sell ​​anonymously
Seller does not provide name
'Two treasures from the East never made public'
One in Lux 's suitcase and one in Van Kuen
success. . .
Winning Antique Auction
Look, here 's another one
Arrived from China a month ago
Chinese terracotta figurines sold for £400,000
Look, a Chinese painting sold for £500,000 two months ago
These were auctioned off anonymously
They stole the cultural relics from China and smuggled them into the British market one by one
The auction time of each cultural relic coincided with Lux and the others ' trip to China
So what if one of them becomes greedy in China?
What if one of them stole the artifacts?
That 's why spiders come
Excuse me, are we doing charity work, Sherlock?
What?
A young man is outside with boxes of books
So the numbers are retrieved
for reading
Point to specific text at the top of a specific page
Okay, so. . . 1 5 and 1 mean?
Turn to page 15. The first word is what we want
- OK, so what 's the message? - I had to let the book do the talking
That 's the cunning of the ciphers in the book
To find common words in the books of the two
Okay, got it, it shouldn 't take a lot of time, right?
We found this in a museum . . . is this your handwriting?
Yes, we wanted Su Lin to decode it for us at the time
Oh
Is there anything I can help with?
help you
If you could be quiet, it would be of great help to us.
cigarette
imagine

Oh. . .

Sorry to keep you waiting, but no appointments until next Thursday
How long will it take?
Feel sorry
What 's the use of making an appointment if the doctor doesn 't keep his word?
uh, what 's wrong?
The new doctor you recruited and he hasn 't responded to the walkie-talkie for a long time.
I 'll go talk to him
- sorry- sorry. . .
John?
John?

It looks like there are no more patients. I thought I 'd have to see a few more.
- Oh, I saw a patient or two for you - one or two?
Well, maybe five or six
Sorry, this is very unprofessional
yes, that 's right
I accidentally stayed up late yesterday . . .
Oh, is it
see you then
That . . . why did you stay up late last night?
I went to a party like a book club
Oh, see, she likes to read, doesn 't she? your girlfriend?
no, not with a girlfriend
- Well, I mean...
- I don 't have a date tonight either
book in hand
1 5 pages, entry 1
Increase
nostril
I gotta go out and breathe
- Yes, I already have an appointment - what?
Where do two people who have a crush on each other go to play?
I just suggested that
no, no, it better not be mentioned by you
Where are you taking her?
uh, watch a movie
Nothing new, old-fashioned, expected. . .
Why don 't you take her here?
only one show in london
Thanks, but I didn 't ask you for dating advice
No one has taken me to the circus for years.
is it good
A friend recommended me so I booked
Oh! What kind of nature is it like a tour group?
I 'm not so sure either
I think they are probably all from China
I think it 's a coincidence too!
great thank you
Hello, I have booked two tickets for tonight 's show
- May I ask your last name? - Sherlock Holmes

Here are three tickets booked under this name
No, it 's not possible, I only order two
I called myself and bought one
i am sherlock
- hello- hi
Can 't you give me a night 's rest?
The Yellow Dragon Circus is only performing in London for one day, so fitting!
That group sent killers to England . . .
Just dress him up as a tightrope walker, please, Sherlock, stop it!
We 're looking for a killer who can climb high and climb ropes
Where else can you find someone with such talent?
It is difficult to get an exit visa in China
They need good reasons to go abroad
Now all I have to do is check out this place quickly . . .
Well, you can let me take Sarah out for a drink
I need your help
I have a lot to do tonight
Like what?
- Are you acting stupid? - What is so important?
Sherlock, I 'm dating
You go after the murderer and I am...
how?
I just want to get along with Sarah
Hey . . . are you ready?
All right

You say it 's a circus, it 's not a circus
you look at the audience
Sherlock, this is simply . . . an art show
This is not their line
Sorry, I forgot, they 're not circuses but transnational smugglers



Classic Chinese escape show
- Um? - One end of the crossbow is tied with a thin wire
The soldier had to escape before the arrow could be fired


Oh!

She 'll cut the sandbags to let the sand out
Slowly the subway ball will sink into the bowl

- The close call- Scared me to death!


ladies and gentlemen
We are here from the banks of the Yangtze River under the moonlight to present you an exciting Chinese Spider-Man show

look
It was so



Got you
- Come on - let 's go!
I sent several police cars over to that performance hall and it was empty.
Listen, I saw the black lotus sign at the circus and this sign was there
Seen on the two corpses, it is a sign of 'same'
Lux and Van Kuhn are part of a smuggling ring
One of them stole valuables in China
Circus performers are gang members
- They came here to snatch that thing back - snatch what?
we don 't know yet
you don 't know?
Mr. Holmes, I did exactly what you asked.
Leschu seems to think your opinion is worth adopting
I ordered a raid
Please tell me this action can have some results
without the additional personnel cost of overtime
They will go back to China tomorrow
No, they won 't go back until they get something back
we have to find their lair
frequented places
There must be something else hidden in this password
Well, I think it 's probably time for me to say goodbye
- no, you don 't have to leave, stay - yes, you 'd better leave now
he 's joking please stay
Is it just me hungry or is anyone else hungry too?
Oh my God
So this is your job
You and John, you make a living by solving mysteries
I 'm a detective consultant
Oh
Oh!
What are these strange words?
These are numbers belonging to the ancient Chinese dialect
Oh yes, of course I should have guessed
I made punch and a bowl of dessert to go with it
Mrs Hudson, you are a lifesaver
It 's not Monday or I 'll go to the supermarket
Thank you so much


- So these numbers, are they passwords? - right
So a set of numbers represents a word?
How did you know?
You see, two words have been translated, here

- John- Huh?
John, look here
Su Lin had already started to translate the code to us when she was at the museum
we didn 't see
nine hundred
Do you mean nine million?
Nine million pounds, what are you going to do with it?
we have to find the complete sentence
Where are you going?
We must have seen that thing in the restoration room of the museum
What have you seen?
Books, John, a book that 's the key to cracking the code
Su Lin decoded with that book while we were still being hunted in the museum
She has already started to decode the answer must be on her desk
taxi!
Feel sorry
thanks


book in hand
Wait a minute, wait a minute!
etc!
What does he want to do?
hey, what are you doing?
- Wait a moment! - Give me back the book!
yes, that 's right
A peaceful night is every doctor 's wish
I also like going out at night like a couple of Chinese gangsters or something - but a girl is still too dangerous - yeah

Uh, shall we order takeout?
OK
page 15, entry 1 . . .
page 15, entry 1
dead
you threatened to kill them
This is the first password
9 . . . 0 . . . 1 5 . . . uh, 1 5 and 3 6
3 6 ， 3 9 ， 3 9 . . .   3 9 . . .   9 . . .
'nine', 'hundred', 'change' . . .
God, it 's so fast I 'll get it
Want to tidy up the table?
- Put those on the plate? - right

7 0 . . . 3 5 . . .
Jade. . .
Jade
Sorry for the long wait. How much?
- Do you have any in stock? - what?
- Do you have any antiques on hand? - I do not understand

'9 million pounds for a hosta'
'Dragon 's Den, Black . . . '
'Trolley Tracks'

John! John, I unlocked
The book that the code points to is on the London sightseeing map . . .
The book has its own golden house
Yan Ruyu in the book
- This is a Chinese proverb, Mr. Holmes - I am not . . .
I 'm not Sherlock Holmes
Forgive me I can 't believe you
Oh!
Debit card, the holder is . . .
Sherlock Holmes
use my card
Yes, but the card is not mine, he lent me
And a cheque for £5,000 signed to Sherlock Holmes
Yes, I 'm just keeping him safe
The circus tickets were also booked by Holmes
yes, that 's right
- May I ask your last name? - Uh, Sherlock Holmes
I know you have a hard time believing me
But I 'm really not Sherlock Holmes
- We heard you say - what?
'I am Sherlock Holmes and I always go it alone'
Because no one can match my ingenuity
Did I really say that?
I was just pissed but you wouldn 't believe me
i am single
Are you . . . are you single?
We have three chances to kill you and your companions, Mr. Holmes.
Do you know what it means if a killer can 't shoot a gun?

That means the killer didn 't do his best
tramway
have
It 's not empty this time.
If we wanted to kill you, Mr. Holmes, we would have done it already.
We just want to spark your curiosity
- Do you have the goods? - What kind of goods?
- Treasure - I don 't know what you 're talking about
I 'll make it a little clearer
Everything in the Western world has a price
And her life, you exchanged the information
sorry, sorry

- Where are the hairpins? - what?
Queen 's hairpin worth nine million pounds
We had a buyer here long ago but someone in the organisation was greedy and stole it and brought it back to London Mr. Holmes, you 've been looking for this
please, please, listen to me, I 'm not . . .
I 'm really not Sherlock Holmes, please believe me
I haven 't found what you want
- I need a willing audience - no, please, don 't!
Ah, thank you, ma 'am
you will do well

Ladies and Gentlemen We are here from Moonshine Shore on Northwest Route 1 to present to you
Sherlock Holmes ' beautiful little girlfriend performs an escape trick, please!

You 've seen the show, so you won 't be surprised
you know how it will end
I 'm not Sherlock Holmes!
I do not believe you
you should believe him
Sherlock Holmes is nothing like that guy
How would you describe me, John?
- Resourceful? very energetic? Hard to see through? - Is it unpunctual?
That 's a semi-automatic pistol, if you shoot
Bullets are fired at a speed of one kilometer per second
so what?
so. . .
The radius of curvature of these walls is at most 4 meters
If you miss, the bullet will fly around
can hit anyone
Maybe bounce back from the tunnel and hit yourself



never mind
you 'll be fine it 's over

do not worry
The next date won 't be like this
we 're leaving right now you don 't need to mention us in the report
- Mr. Holmes . . .
- I have high expectations for you, Inspector
you have a bright future
Always at your command
Of course
Thanks
- So, nine million pounds - that 's right
- One million, nine million pounds for the Dragon 's Den, Black, Tramway
This is an instruction to all men in London
It 's a message notifying them of what they 're getting back
- Just this hosta? - worth £9 million
Take it to the tramway, it 's their den in London
Wait, nine million pounds worth of hairpins?
- Of course - why is it so expensive?
see who wears it
Two smugglers in London
They flew to Dalian to smuggle vases in
One of them hid an item, the small hairpin
- Worth £9 million - led by Eddie Van Coon
He stole this treasure when he went to China
How do you know it was Van Kun and not Lux who stole it?
- I don 't even know who the murderer is - it has something to do with hand soap

- I 'm Amanda? - he gave you a gift
oh hello
He gave you a small gift when he came back from China
- how do you know? - You 're not just his assistant, are you?
Someone must be messing around
- no- then I don 't know why...
Hand soap in his apartment
300ml capacity, almost running out
What 's the meaning. . . ?
I don 't think Eddie Van Kuhn is the kind of guy who buys hand soap unless he has a girlfriend coming to him
And the brand of hand soap is the same as the bottle of hand cream on your desk
Listen, we 're just having fun
The relationship ended in a blink of an eye, and it didn 't last long. He was my boss.
What happened? Why does it end?
I don 't think he pays enough for me
never take me to heart
often let me dove
We were going to go on vacation for the weekend but he broke his promise
Fly to China because of a notification
So he bought a small gift there and wanted to apologize to you
Do you mind if I take a look at your present?
Did he really climb onto the balcony?
Just nail the planks between the windows and your problem is solved
thanks
He said he bought it from a street vendor
oh i don 't think so i think he used to steal
Yes, that 's Eddie
He doesn 't know the value of this thing and just thinks it 's for you
Yeah? How much will that cost?
£9 million
Oh my god
Omg!
Nine million pounds? !
The thousand-year-old hairpin sits on her nightstand every night
He doesn 't know the value of hairpins and doesn 't know why he was hunted down
He might just buy a lucky cat for her
- You care, right? - What do you care about?
She ran away, single gang leader
It 's not enough to catch two of her subordinates
They must have a wide network of connections, John.
There may be tens of thousands of subordinates scattered all over the place
You and I are just scratching the surface
But you cracked the code, Sherlock
Maybe Dimock can lock them in after all he knows
No, I cracked the code though
Other smugglers can pick other books to code

Without you . . . we could not have come to London without your help
thank you very much
We didn 't expect that . . .
That man will ruin our business
The man named Sherlock Holmes
Now your safety may not be guaranteed
(M: they won 't track me down)
I won 't reveal your identity
(M: I can be sure)


