You guys who were so fucking busy last week went like this . . .
Karen When will I be back? !
never come back !
You 'll get a job at Best Buy when you grow the girl you 're with alone
You won 't be there too long by then because you 'll know the truth and you 'll never be able to reach your potential
I will put the child up for adoption
How much can we get for this child?
I 'm going to introduce you to a bunch of families who want to adopt
- So you 're an agent? - I 'm gay!
You pretend to be dating M andy to fuck her brother
- I won 't do this - what to do ?
Let 's talk about that girl sitting on my couch wearing your wedding ring
don 't give up on me
Are you free this afternoon? We need a coach
- Will Fiona go to the game? - Never miss a game
call me 'coach' who is your friend?
I heard how much would it cost you to get me an alibi?
1 5 0 0 blocks
- What are you doing? - Send cash to my sons
frank will be very happy
No Frank 's share
You and Monica have passed Frank
I 'm getting married to Monica
She still hasn 't divorced me!
I never intended to make up with you Frank
- fired? - you won
Go to school or leave! What are you doing?
I 'm not going back to school so I guess I have to leave
- goodbye S heila - goodbye P eg
frank your mother died
My mother is dead!
Lip is back !
Honorary production
Translation: Mats Yali Shan Da Yi Mo S tarcrossed Quan Jun Ge Hong Messi Abu Proofreading: grass child is sick


L i p ?
D e b b i e ?
L i p ?
Good morning, darling
mom ?
- We don 't have money. How about some mimosa juice?
hello? what?
when ?
Ok, how much will it cost?
I will answer you later
thanks
- Grandma died? - I 'm sorry honey
She 's my mother and I 'm the one that hurts the most
The call was from the Cook County Hospital mortuary.
You have to claim the body or they 'll cremate her
I won 't run around trying to please her anymore
- Grandma died?
-   D e b b i e !
Liam look at you my little brown bear
Look how old you are!
- How long is she going to stay? - How long is she going to stay?
Are my camo pants still in the dryer?
I a n !
I an here - why is she here? - I sent your mother home

wait, you live here now?
- I made breakfast - no thanks
Your mom put a lot of effort into making breakfast! Sit down and eat it!
- Shit- I an wait
I 'll wash his mouth with soap
You can wash mine I want to bubble fart
- Carlie ! - Mom ?
You 're so old! Come on baby I made breakfast and sit down

What about Lip ?
My mom came out of nowhere today
Is she going to stay?
never left
Did Lip skip class today?
He dropped out so Fiona kicked him out of the house
I think he should be with Karen to know Karen is like cancer
You cut this piece off and it 'll come out somewhere else
- how are you ? - hmm
How is Mickey in the juvenile detention center?
He calls me a bitch so it should be fine
you should go see him
He 's a little mad at me and thinks I 'm cowardly
- are you? - kinda
It 's great that your mom is gone, isn 't it?
It feels weird that someone who was still here... just passed away
Yeah you said then where will their souls go?
Maybe it 's like when Kar isn 't in the womb
It was originally a pair of twins and then she directly absorbed the other
You mean maybe P eggy 's soul was absorbed by us?
possible
Oops !
Online says I need a nursing degree to give me a nursing home license
Online study at University of Phoenix Rivers
I 've seen commercials on TV



K aren . . . I know it 's your decision
but i think you should consider keeping the kids
and Jody
- no offense to L ip - that 's ok
Now that Frank 's gone, can I throw away his various deodorants and put my stuff back in the medicine cabinet?
darling you both sit down
darling . . . your grandma passed away frank hit hard
He needs some alone time
Mom, he packed his bags and left
Sometimes two people who love each other too much
They need some time so that their love will be stronger when they get together again
- ok mom - thanks for the talk Mrs. Jackson
Of course
K aren . . . will Lip stay here tonight?
Told you he was just a friend and needed a place to live
L ip is a good guy but I hope you see J ody 's good
- J ody is an idiot - give me some time
'Then the window will paint a picture in your heart
There behind the swinging curtains the men are walking'
I 'm pretty sure she wasn 't referring to J ody but thank you mom anyway
All right
Are you really going to do this every morning?
- What? - Show up and try to woo me?
I 'm here to find Lip

- Why can 't I be friends with your brother? - Yes, I can 't
- Are we going to have a funeral? - No
- Who died? - Grandma

i 'm sorry guys
A funeral needs a body and your dad hasn 't brought her back
So is she lying somewhere so lonely?
We can have a memorial service, this one doesn 't need a corpse
I spied donuts!
Look here Steve a bleeding chrysanthemum
Great buddy!
go to school quickly
- What about lunch? - Damn it!
Already had this for breakfast
Did you know that astronauts sometimes eat three breakfasts a day?
Lip never came home after losing her temper
- Go to Karen 's house- Karen 's house? Isn 't she married?
- Aren 't you? - Theoretically yes
goodbye
- Oh what a sweet regret - will you send us?
- Of course - no he won 't
I 'm serious Steve don 't come here again

Who is that ?
Will you still be here after school?
- Of course - I told you earlier
Shut up! You don 't believe her either
You know what I think? I think you should change your room color today
Hurry up and go!
- Have fun at school! - Then
I come
Where is the Lip ?
Oh? Are you sure you want to ask me?
It 's impossible not to know that he 's your favorite
Not so Fiona
It 's you who loves you the most
Did B ob leave you or did you abandon her?
Your father came to me and he said he needed me
you need me too
he 's lying we don 't need you
sorry now i 'm back i wanna try to start over
give me a chance
Lip dropped out of school
I gave him the choice to either go back to class or leave the house
- You kicked him out? - He went by himself
He is our family Fiona
It 's Lip who chose to leave the house. Do you think this is familiar? (Implied her mother did the same)
Two women in my life are gathered in this kitchen
I really can 't compare which of you is cuter
I don 't have time to listen to this, it 's time to change Liam 's clothes
- Where are you taking him? - Take him to where I work
Not so stupid to keep him at home
- Who takes care of him? - His mother
Please give me a chance to prove I can take care of him
- you stay home all day? - i promise
You 're not going to leave him? Not going to the circus or whatever?
I really just want to take good care of my child Fiona
Thank you
we 're gonna have fun little brown bear baby
The milk and water are in that tumbler
If you want to feed him water, see if there is any left in the cup
clear
He has to drink from a big glass
I 'm going to grab a big mug for a beer
would you like to see
Okay
When we came in I saw the bird man slipping out
Mom always lets him in when I 'm not home
It 's like having a Labrador.
so fucking stupid
how long are you going to stay
you mean here ?
Mom wants to know if she can charge you rent
Your mother wants me to pay the rent ?
- well how much - one hundred per week
What about your father 's insurance premium?
That money was withheld by the claims department
i can live in the basement
That saves you 20 bucks but still has to pay rent
fuck your Karen
- Isn 't that what it 's like to be fucked? - You know what?
go to a fucking adoption party
Good luck with your adoption plan without the consent of your biological father
I 'll let Frank accompany me
Maybe there is no need for the biological father of the child at all

I 'm glad I didn 't find a corpse of a prostitute in the toilet
There will be opportunities later
What about Liam?
Monica dumped Bob and came to play at our house
She has to take care of Liam
Maybe he 's stuck his tongue in the socket by now
It 's so unfortunate
The first thing she did was blame me for rushing Lip away
you didn 't chase him away
Maybe I was forced by me to give him an ultimatum
I miss him a lot
Especially when Monica is at home
Lip will always be on my side in this battle
That 's what I 'm worried about if I have a kid or two with Kev
The little guys unite against you
This has happened before
Monica and Frank got back together for a long time and then had a baby and left
Never allow this time
Don 't let her ruin De ebbie and Carl 's life again
How can these people be lazier than pigs with the trash can at their feet?
human nature
With options people always do the wrong thing
can 't stand it anymore
I have to go home and see Liam in case something happens
I can 't believe Monica
Maybe it would be nice to enjoy her occasional visit
It 's like you 're the goddess of luck
If you can take it easy

- hello? - where have you been
I don 't know if I need to report to you but you have to know the school
All right
I 'm sorry for the shit that happened
I 'm going to find a new place today
Okay
and. . .
I want to go with you for the rest of the adoption work, okay?
I want to be a part of the choice for this child 's future
Come if you fucking want to come but I don 't need mercy and charity
R on I want to talk to you
what the fuck are you doing here
my wife is in there
- The problem is that I 'm pregnant and it 's yours - god horse?!
I want an abortion but I don 't have the money
I can 't apply for a credit card either because I 'm underage
Wait me a moment
We used to be happy, right?
Sometimes see 'Adoption' on the screen
I 'd pronounce it 'oh spice' (pronounce that word apart) silly isn 't it?
Sometimes I read ' butt . . . ermilk ' ( a word meaning cheese )
But . . . ' ermilk  ' s ' is not a word
Look what you just said
You say 'buttermilk' (cheese) is not a word

I did say so
Did you hear it
I 've been hearing some weird noises these days
Me too
don 't say i 'm crazy
But I sometimes feel that Eddie 's soul is still in this house
E d d i e ?
E d d i e ?
My mother left a lot of money before she died
- How much? - There are 75,000
God I think in Sheila that
take it back take it back i want
- ok ok - give it to me


My god, please do it in the kitchen?
Thought you were working darling
- Where 's Liam- he 's sleeping!
I also have to remind you that this is our house and we can love love anywhere in the house
Your kids are going to eat at that table!
Let 's go to the room next to her.


The word Circle doesn 't start with an S? How the fuck is that possible?
Cat! I know that broken word that is cat!
Did you order this hairless show again?
It 's all about developing ideas, baby, developing ideas
- see you after get off work - ok
Karen, that bastard actually wants to charge me rent

Do you want to come and play with me in the 'third world'?
- you got it? - yeah i got it
I 've been in line for a long time
can i stay with you for a few days

Kevin come to the kitchen
L ip can 't live here
We can 't get involved in the Gallagher 's infighting
Are you on Fiona 's side?
If Fiona knew we were taking you in, you had to kill us
What if we adopted Lip as a son
Isn 't it reasonable?
please calm down my jokes
go home Lip
sorry bro you can 't live here
Are you doing wool?
ok thanks for your help K ev
Don 't come to me next time trying to evade taxes or pass a liquor test or any other trouble
I like to wash my car in the evening
When the water dries too fast during the day, it will leave marks
I see
Did she call you here?
It 's not that she didn 't know I was here
she needs you B ob
Meeting you was the best thing in her life
I don 't want to have anything to do with that bitch anymore
What 's more, she 's back in the arms of that nasty idiot Frank
forget it
don 't you love her?
It doesn 't matter if you love it or not
Living with Monica is like being next to a black hole
She sucked my soul and drained my bank account
That bitch spends all my money on retreats and home renovations that will never be done!
thank goodness frank showed up
Frank came to her ?
Come to cry to his mother like a little idiot
Damn they are so pathetic!
Monica is your trouble now
The distinguished Gallagher couple Frank and Monica arrive!
shit
It 's really time to come, your account hasn 't been settled yet, bitch
How is your baby doing?
so much better than when you were there
please let me catch my breath
- Hey Monica - Hey Gus!

New tattoo? Yeah yeah nice huh ?
K ev ! Do you remember
How could I forget the Irish car bomb?
- get me a drink too K - B all - you can 't drink irish bombs
You look good, Moni, have you started medication again?
No shit that makes me dizzy and fat
Besides, I don 't have bipolar disorder.
give me a dollar
Nice to meet you Monica gave you Frank

Dance with me
I bet they only last two weeks at most three baby I love you


she went to a better place frankie

oh my god i 'm getting horny
you are going into my . . .
Come in, take off your coat and stay for a while
naked
Are you kidding me?
- my darling- this is like a library

Can you play somewhere else?
I have to go to school tomorrow and the kids are sleeping
Please! You know how loud Carl can fall asleep
Guys I found some chips and semi-hard doughnuts
Half-hard still cools you! We still want to graduate and live a good life

So why don 't you shut up and give us a good night 's sleep?
Don 't talk to your mother like that, little bunny

- God! - Apologize to him
- What? - Apologies!
- I was wrong - what happened?
put earplugs on and go back to sleep D ebs
D ebbie ! Hey baby
De ebs go to sleep now
De ebs do you want to come and play for a while ?
- think- no
- Don 't meddle with the housekeeper - Monica has to leave
She is your mother F i You only have one mother
This is simply watching a hurricane hit the coast
You lived with Monica for so long before she left
Give D ebbie a chance to spend time with her mother
Why am I always compromising?
Tonight will be a legendary night
It is De ebs ' unforgettable memory
don 't spoil it
Maybe once in her life 20 minutes De ebs then go back to sleep
go down

don 't take my seat
This seat? This is your seat?
Well it 's yours now buddy

Mom hid the money here
Bao Ci is absolutely quiet (drinking too much and talking big)
i four rabbit hunters
The house is only making noises . . . don 't be afraid
The wind is . . .
wind blowing house


K a r e n ?
K a r e n ?
look under the sofa cushion
Ma always likes to hide things under the mat
OK
no
- go- what?
No! No no no! Wait a minute
Eddie ? is that you ?
I don 't even know what you want . . .
But I . . . I 'd like to talk to you
Shall we talk Eddie?
Okay, this question is kind of silly, isn 't it?
Because if you can 't you can 't tell me

Hey professor, are you free?
There is a class of freshmen waiting for me, staring at the whiteboard
I just want to know if you have any work to do for me
The one outside of class?
uh no . . . I dropped out of school and my baby is about to be born
Can you get me a teaching assistant or something?
You can 't do shit without a diploma
Then tell them I 'm an idiot scholar or something
I 'll just tell them you 're an idiot
Come back to me after you graduate with a 4.5 GPA
Turns out you 're a capitalist lackey in a scholar 's guise
Do you think I 'd like to see you live the life of a J erry Springer talk show?
Congratulations . . . you 're just a high school grad with a pregnant girlfriend
All you need right now is a McDonald 's job
If you worked hard enough, your dead fish-eye photo would still be on the employee of the month honor roll next to the counter.
That must be pretty good, right?
go back to school
good boy
what is this ?
The world can 't hold another child named G allagher
Birth control pills . . . you either go with the flow or go
This can be taken with the medicine prescribed by a psychiatrist. I checked.
That 's how you taught Lip?
Same education, different results
- thanks. - no big deal
If they hadn 't shut down the birth control center, I could still go and prescribe medicine for you
no thanks for everything you do
Thank you for taking care of my children my home my husband
Everyone has a helping hand
Not what you do F i
I know how much sacrifice you made
I may never be able to compensate you but I will try
Thanks
That whole . . .
Is that the end of the B ob thing?
Are you sure you don 't need these?
Who knows if it 's out of use recently?
What happened to the guy who came in yesterday morning?
With you
I remember him he was cute
He 's definitely my thing

- Mom! - No I 'm not going to kill him
better not i already have a sexy brazilian rival
Does he have a girlfriend?
--Old woman --Fiona!
Are you going to teach me a lesson?
So . . . how do we get rid of her?

she 's gone! she 's gone!
- Nice house - E stefania her dad 's

You know you basically have the same surname now, right?
If you let me stay here for a while I promise to put my sister back in your arms
How long will you stay?
until I recover
Been looking forward to living with the Gallagher family
But I always thought it would be Fiona
As long as you hide me for a little while, she 'll be at your door in no time
Listen . . . do me a favor in exchange for letting you stay
I 'm planning a big deal
do not know
The last time I did you a favor, I ended up handcuffing myself as a cold bench.
Do you hack your voicemail?
Maybe as long as the price is reasonable

Hello do you remember me? I 'm L ip

this. . .
Are there bathrobes in the bathroom?
Put on your bathrobe, my ruby
- Omg - Ruby
- bye- good
Damn, do I have to go out and have the keys?
I 'll let the front desk leave you a handful
I 'll do my best Mr. Murdoch
It 's a pleasant surprise to receive your invitation
I thought you 'd never come back
My recently deceased husband is reborn
So we went to that church with guitars and the pastors wore Hawaiian shirts
I 'm so glad you accepted my invitation
Actually, I have a request
Is there anyone else at home?
No ah
Do you believe in evil spirits?
I believe people can be haunted by evil spirits for doing evil things
Only the repentant evil spirit will leave
Is there a way to drive the evil spirits out of the house? Because the house wants to run a hotel business
In Matthew 5:22 Jesus said we must repent and forgive to love
Do you have someone you want to forgive?
Is there anything you want to regret?
Relax
come
Go to that light!
I don 't have this, so I should pray more.
J ody ! bro
hey frank
you missed lunch
Going to the convenience store to buy something
Me too
I 'm so sorry about your mom, it 's so hard
Yeah, I still have a lot to say to her
There are still many questions
She loves you so much, Frank, I just don 't know how to say it
Well I know now
I also know she has a lot of money in her pocket
She still wants me to execute her will
Do you know where she put the cash?
- in the mat - i knew it
But later
Thank you to Sheila a thousand oceans and let me send the rest
What? Sent?
- Where was it sent? Who was it sent to? - 'Who'
- what? - to whom (correct Frank grammar here)
Who the fuck did she send the money to?
They 're all G allagher
- W yatt C layton like- my fucking bros?!
What did they do on her deathbed? Hold her hand?
No that 's . . . that bitch
Oh shit !
chatted back
Nima 's
Damn Carl, your sweatshirt seems to have shrunk
I thought you were Carl
Mom, this is little Hank
- is this your mother? - hey little guy
I made some cookies oh right on the table
Did you go and get your grandmother 's body?
Not yet, baby is too expensive
- i have some money - no
look at you
Really naughty and dirty Dorothy
did you find it ?
no hair at all
she sent the money to my brothers
De eb I made you a cheerleading uniform that fits right on your bed
- Where 's grandma 's body? - She doesn 't look good in cheerleaders.
- where is she? - on the ice, baby
don 't worry
I heard that if there is a mother, there must be a daughter
You will be charming when you grow up
baby i made cookies
Now should we forgive you for abandoning your husband?
Would you like to watch a Carl game with us?
I 'm going to the Carl 's game
I keep going to Carl 's games because I really care
I an C layton G allagher
You haven 't brought your old mother back from the morgue and you still want to teach me how to treat my old mother?
Makes sense
Your dad told me about the kid at the convenience store
You must be very sad when someone you care about goes to prison.
But you should never be ashamed of what you did
I do not
I was proud when I was with Roberta
That relationship wasn 't perfect but we were never ashamed
maybe you should
How about I take you out for a walk when Carl 's game is over?
make you happy?
Maybe
Move your eyes less and move your hands more
I 've hacked into voicemail
I just have to figure out a way to copy the message and keep it unread
Don 't tell me what you want to do?
The less you know, the better
Now I 'm going to take those little beasts with excess testosterone to victory
Encourage them to give a passionate speech and let them pay attention to the lady
- where are you going? - competition
- Rugby - me too
- Can Lip bring E ste here? - What do you think?
L ip bring you here later you follow L ip
ok i got it from L ip
Follow you, follow Lip, you know?



come on Carl
Mineral water 1 yuan Beer 3 yuan
give me two bottles
Your family is so cool, redhead
hurry up
Hurry up !

L ip ! Come and sit down baby
Come and sit with us
I left the team for a while and you all betrayed?
- No one told you to leave the team. - Actually, you forced it.
L ip don 't be mad at Fiona, come on
Monica you shut up
Most of my life has nothing to do with you
- I sit? - What? Well, do whatever you want
Are you a nanny now?
is a roommate
Where do you live with Steve?
No curfew, no ultimatum, no collaborating behind my back
She just appeared so suddenly, what can I do?

Are you serious? Just walked away in a huff like a little brat?
It 's a pity that there is no way for you to fall!
Your son is such a thorn

Well done !
Good! Well done D ' Shawn
Remember to pass the ball to your teammates next time.
You let Lip live with you?
This kid is sleeping on the subway and he 's homeless
They 've got 10 points, let them keep up with the ball
you go to the periphery you go to the periphery
hurry h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h e h
- my friend flying crow . . . - how? . . .
He said the smoking method is the safest way to drive away evil spirits in the house
go ghost
In the name of Christ the Redeemer we ask you to leave
You don 't want to make him angry, so let 's go, okay?
I 'm really sorry for what Karen did
She kicked you out of me . . . I think I 'm to blame for her actions
do not do that
It 's not your fault, she 's been through too much these days
Yes, but even so you deserve better
You are a good man J ody
we should pray for this
Okay
Why don 't you eat your own fries ?
because i want to eat yours
I heard E stefania 's call while I was doing business
Found out that she was in love with someone at all
she 's playing with S teve
- So what? - So do you think I should tell him?
What 's the benefit of telling him about you?
It 's not my business
That 's it, if you don 't have money, don 't mind other people 's business
So you mean if I had money you would consider leaving the kids with me ?
How rich?
Because if you 're really rich, you can 't still want this child
You may think you 'll want him now but what about later?
- hi- hi
I am A lana and he is Jeff
I 'm sorry I didn 't wait for you to come.
I can 't let this little guy go hungry
Are you 17 years old ?
Oh yeah we are all
What are you driving? Your car?
Well I drive a Lexus A lana and a Volvo
You are so rich with two cars
Is Lip here?
Oh no Lip is not at home
what a surprise
- Kick him out- what?
he must go to school
I 'm not his father, more importantly, you are not his mother
yeah if i fuck i 'll slap him with a spoon
You don 't have to always take everyone as their responsibility Fiona
- What did you say ?
- Monica is back
Enjoy the moment, take the general education exam and read the book
Hold
Want to hear the truth?
I took this kid just to annoy that older girl
Wish she could come here and scold me
It 's dangerous she might screw your head off
Not yet
Actually I came to see E stefania
really ?
Hey E ste Fiona wanna take you out tonight

drink and dance Fiona

you 're an asshole
Enemies are more intimate, aren 't they?
he can 't live here
Promise me you 'll drive him away
Ah Lip
- what 's going on? - your business
Me and B ob used to come here often
Lots of gays, lesbians, bisexuals and gays who want to have kids
Feeling a little weird coming with you
Don 't be ashamed baby understand?
But don 't think about coming out at school
Someone 's going to take a knife and chop you down
Am I old enough to come in?
Don 't be afraid that you are the money tree here
They need fresh blood to keep old customers coming back
Oh look that guy over there must be looking at you
Are you kidding me?
Relying on the 9 o 'clock direction makes you somewhat forget about the child who went to the correctional center, right?
He 's in jail because of me
I 'm sorry you 're so sad baby

Want to dance? Okay okay
Let 's get rid of those responsibilities
Stop fighting for our loved ones
okay
Did Fiona mention me?
Why do you want to ruin the happy family you had with E stefania?
i don 't love her
But every time I think about what her dad would do to me if I dumped her, I get cowardly
That 's good because she doesn 't love you either
She has a lover called Marco
Are you fucking kidding me?
No I hear them calling pretty hot pretty intense
vile bitch
she 's so mean
How can you stand her? You...
- E stefania ? - Not fucking Fiona
You know what? She 's right that she wants me to kick you out
you should go back to study
Well I might go back in May
Just in time to take your wife to the dance
Okay I 'm going to change my clothes uh my my clothes
- ok- wait a minute?
OK

Why don 't you just donate her to the research institute?
I don 't want her!
listen please don 't throw her away
How much did I . . . bury her?
So much? I 'm dizzy right now
Can we talk again tomorrow morning?
please? thank you
My mom still hates her when she 's dead
Hi everyone!
Wow. . .
- Who is she? - Uh, Steve 's wife
Oh that Brazilian!
We brought back donuts and a bucket of fried chicken
Look at my big cigarette, what are you doing?
bring it on
this is very bad
- Oh please - F i !
F i can you . . .
it 's good now
come dance with mom
Why didn 't you invite us?
Vodka Lemonade Blender
everyone be quiet

D ebbie would like to take this opportunity to say a few words to Granny Gallagher
I guess what I 'm trying to say is we 'll all miss Grandma
If she 's looking at us now I want her to know we love her
- To Grandma- Grandma !
come
I like this
It 's the best thing in the world to be back with you


Mom? Can I come in?
no darling not now I have to . . .
I 'm a little busy right now

Where did you die?
do not be angry
I went to buy your mother 's ashes
you need a break baby
I can 't believe she 's really gone
- Your mother . . . is a real slut - Amen
breakfast of champions
G a l l a g h e r !
I gave you money! I gave you money T erry!


What the hell is this Mikovich?!
let go of me you crazy bitch it 's none of your business
Frank what the fuck have you done?
Why is it always my fault?
- my little princess. . .
- Let him go!
My M andy is pregnant this little bastard has to be responsible
good son
Honorary Production Translation: Mats Yali Mountain Da Yi Mo S tarcrossed Quan Jun Ge Hong Messi Abu Proofreading: Cao Er Sick
The subtitles of this forum are only for translation, communication and learning. Any commercial use is prohibited, otherwise the consequences will be at your own risk.
