 00 : 00 : 02, 966 -- > 00 : 00 : 04, 200 Previously , on " The Originals " ...
 This town was my home once , and in my absence , Marcel has got everything I ever wanted .
 I want it back . Marcel :
 I hereby pledge my allegiance to you . - Celeste .
 - Celeste ?
 Whoever she was , she was smoking hot .
 I believe that when you love someone , you 're uniquely vulnerable .
 She died because of me .
 Klaus :
 Davina , she 's a powerful weapon .
 Yaah !
 I knew that I was supposed to be killed so the harvest could be completed .
 Marcel : She is dead !
 Do you hear me ?
 Rebekah : 4 were supposed to rise , and none did .
 Where did all that power go ?
 - Tunde :
 Someone called us forth .
 - Who ?
 Celeste :
 I did . I 'd appreciate if you call me by my real name ...
 Celeste .
 Oh ... I remember this cemetery .
 Hmm .
 Hasn 't changed a bit .
 I 've been coming here over a century wearing one face or another .
 [ Drums playing ]
 Clara Summerlin , will you come on ?
 We 're gonna miss everything .
 [ People cheering and whistling ]
 Genevieve : Told you .
 Every witch in the quarter is here , come to see the great Papa Tunde .
 [ Drums stop ]
 Witches of the french quarter , thank you for your welcome .
 It is good to be among people of the faith .
 I , too , practice ancestral magic , honoring those who walked the path before us .
 From them we draw strength ...
 And you will need strength , for a great darkness is coming .
 The city your forefathers left you is now overrun by pirates , beasts , and vampires .
 [ Wind whistling ]
 Tunde :
 I practice other magic , as well ...
 Sacrificial magic . Channeling power from the lives of my offerings ,
 I use this strength to vanquish my enemies , and I will punish your enemies for their greed .
 In return , you will accept my family into your coven ...
 And me as your leader .
 Gentlemen , make yourselves at home .
 Mayor O 'Connell appears to be running late , but there 's much to discuss , so I shall begin .
 Klaus : One moment , please , brother .
 You know how much I enjoy these illicit , little gatherings .
 Do not be troubled .
 Despite my brother 's reputation , I can assure you , we 've invited you here to broker in peace .
 You have my word . And , lucky for you , my brother always keeps his word .
 You two are from the guerrera crime family , a brutish pack of thieves and killers , and that 's nothing compared to what you become on a full moon , is it ?


 Yes , yes , yes . Of course , a bite from your kind is not lethal to an original .
 Conflict between us would not end well for you at all .
 Let 's state our proposal here .
 My brother and I control the ports of the city , but with prohibition soon to be the law of the land , there 'll be a certain uptick in the kind of federal presence we prefer to avoid .
 Therefore , I 'd like to suggest a system whereby ... under our supervision , of course ...
 The guerrera family can traffic alcohol into the city of New Orleans for a profit .
 We would still be in charge , but our rule would remain a secret .
 [ Clap clap clap ] This all sounds very good , but , tell me , how will it benefit the witches ? Tunde :

 I am sorry .
 This is a private meeting .
 Yes , for kings of the city , but I , too , am a King , and I have rules .
 I 'm impressed .
 You 're either quite ambitious or quite mad .
 What 's your name , mate ? I am Alphonz Bellatunde Delgallo ,
 Papa Tunde to my followers , and I come to ask that the witches be granted fair tribute for allowing your existence in our city .
 Are you suggesting that you speak for the french quarter witches ?
 I do now , and I expect our future negotiations to go very smoothly .
 As a guarantee , I brought a gift .
 I await our next gathering .
 Well , I suppose we 'll need a new mayor .
 Hey , Marcel , maybe you know what 's going on .
 Klaus ordered us to meet here , and now he 's a no- show .
 What do you want from me ?
 It 's a new regime .
 Get used to it .
 Klaus :
 Dearest brethren , your attention , please .
 No doubt , you 're all surprised to see Thierry Vanchure , who 's supposed to be rotting in the garden for the crime of killing one of our own , and I personally decided to issue him with a pardon .

 I hope you 'll all welcome home Thierry .
 Welcome home , mate .
 [ Applause ]
 [ Laughter ]
 You 're in a good mood . You should visit Mystic Falls more often .
 Well , as much as I might like to ,
 I have pressing responsibilities here .
 Now , as you all know , the witch Davina is no longer with us .
 Without Davina , we can no longer monitor the activity of our witch neighbors .
 However , since their harvest failed , their magic will soon be gone forever .
 Until then , I say we keep them on their toes .
 Diego , I wonder if you might lead a rousting in the cauldron .


 Marcel , I 'd hoped you would join Diego .
 Nah .
 I 'm gonna take a personal day .
 Elijah :
 Now , you may doubt him .
 Today I saw Niklaus demonstrate mercy towards an enemy .
 Tell me that 's not progress .
 Please , Elijah . Who do you think convinced Klaus to let Thierry out ?
 Why would you do such a thing ?
 Because , despite Klaus ' reprieve ,
 Thierry despises him .
 I like that about Thierry .
 I also like that he used to date a witch , so he knows about french quarter covens .
 Maybe he can lead me to whoever stole off with the harvest magic .
 Rebekah , we are all devastated by the outcome of this ritual .
 That 's just it .
 There was no outcome .
 We both know that power like that doesn 't just vanish .
 I say someone stole it .
 I 'd like to know who , and then I 'd like to make an ally out of them .
 To what end , exactly ?
 I 'm tired of being threatened and controlled by our tyrant brother .
 If you want to stop a bully , you need the power to stand up to them .
 I expect such behavior from Niklaus . It 's so very disappointing when it comes from you , Rebekah .
 Do you not see that , in his way , he 's making an effort here ?
 He 's invited us back into our family home .
 He yearns for our family to be reunited .
 He 's in a brilliant mood now , but for how long ?
 Yes .
 It 's his trick , Elijah .
 He lulls you into a false sense of camaraderie and kinship , and then he turns on you like a snake .
 I fall for it every time and wind up with a dagger in my chest for my trouble .
 No more . I believe that he is approaching some semblance of peace here .
 Leadership may , in fact , be a good thing for him .
 Now , sister , please , I ask you , if you cannot support him , then at least do nothing to provoke him .
 Klaus :
 Ugh , is this what 's it 's come to ?
 I bear the full weight of our kingdom while you pout like a child .
 You wanted to be King .
 Besides , you look like you guy it covered .
 If the men see you shirk your duties , they 're likely to do the same .
 I told you , I am not in the mood for vampire Hijinx .
 No .
 You 'd rather sit wallowing in sorrow for your lost little friend .
 Don 't push me right now . I am sorry Davina is gone , ok ?

 I 'm sorry , but this mournful attitude is unworthy of you , and it 's boring to me .
 Diego : Hey , guys , we got a problem .
 We came to mess with the witches , just like you said , and these two , they went missing , found them like this ...
 Not even staked , just dead .
 Where are you going ?
 Someone has to account for this .
 You want revenge , get it yourself .
 That mark is tied to some bad mojo .
 Any of y 'all got any brains , you 'll head back to the compound and stay the hell out of this .
 [ Thunder ]
 We 're gonna find whoever did this , and I will show them what suffering is .
 Klaus :
 Thierry :
 Used to run things down here for Marcel .
 Thought you 'd like to see what I found before Klaus did .
 Not a day out of the garden , and you 're already proving yourself useful .
 We made a deal , and if it screws things or your brother ,
 I 'm all for it , though , to be honest , this stuff makes my skin crawl .
 I 've never seen anything like this .
 I have , a long time ago .
 Somebody is copycatting a very dangerous witch .
 They draw their power from sacrifice .
 I just don 't understand why someone would leave it here for us to find ...
 Unless they wanted it to be found .
 Tunde :
 Mademoiselle Mikaelson . That 's not possible .
 Sure , it is , chérie .
 It 's magic .
 Symbole du masque et de I 'ombre , embrase- toi .
 Embrase- toi .
 Symbole du masque et de I 'ombre , embrase- toi .
 Embrase- toi .
 Symbole du masque et de I 'ombre , embrase- toi .
 Embrase- toi .
 Symbole du masque et de I 'ombre , embrase- toi .
 Ah !



 Klaus :
 Someone will die for this . Remarkably , I don 't disagree .
 However , I would like to know where they learned such dark magic .
 I had hoped never to see that symbol again .
 I recall it is the signature of a fool who once stood against us .
 Clearly , some upstart witch is salvaging old tricks .
 I 'll do for him as I did the other .
 Diego .
 When night falls , I want you to gather every vampire in the quarter .
 Get me the head of whoever did this and put it on a stick .
 Yeah .
 That 's gonna be a problem . Everyone is freaked out , man .
 We haven 't had witches killing vampires in a long time .
 Marcel made sure of that .
 Marcel has run off like a scared child .
 You lot are left with me .
 Now , who of you will fight to defend our home ?

 Not a single one of you will stand with me , so afraid are you of this new threat ?
 You should know better .
 I 'll handle this myself .
 Cami :
 Sophie , the restaurant is an epic disaster ... again .
 Do you think maybe you could come in today and ...
 Voice : User 's mailbox is full .
 Looks like I should 've been here last night .
 Good- bye .
 Marcel :
 Before you try anything , I 'm on vervain .
 Klaus mentioned you broke free of his compulsion .
 Yeah .
 Good for you .
 Sophie around ?
 No . Why ?
 Got a witch problem .
 Thought she might have answers .

 Mind if I wait ? It 's a little early for day drinking .

 Let me guess , Klaus problems .
 I thought you 'd be on top of the world now that you have Davina back .
 Davina is gone .



 Was it Klaus ?
 I told him , if he hurt her ... It wasn 't like that .
 The power that she had was too much .
 We tried to fix her with this crazy- ass ritual , and something went wrong .
 Now she 's ... I don 't know ...
 Floating in limbo or waiting on her ancestors .
 [ Crash ]

 Marcel ...
 I 'm sorry .

 Yeah .
 Me , too .
 There you are .
 Here I am .
 Davina 's drawings .
 Yeah . Morbid , I know .
 I was just thinking , we never figured out why she drew those pictures of Celeste .
 Anyway , I 'm just killing time now that I 'm on vampire lockdown .
 Whoever did this , we will deal with them .
 It won 't be long .
 I 'm not worried .
 Just think it 's kind of funny that it took some big , supernatural threat for you to even come into the same room as me .
 I do apologize if you feel neglected .
 I have been occupied .
 My siblings are in some quarrel . Niklaus remains agitated .
 You 'll recall that even our slightest interactions seem to ...
 Infuriate him . So Klaus is a dick , and you want to be a good big brother .

 So we can 't hang out .
 That sum it up ?

 I get it , Elijah .
 It just seems like a really crappy deal .
 [ Cell phone vibrating ]
 El presidente ?
 He likes to keep track of his people .
 Why are you loyal to him , exactly ?
 For someone who says she can 't stand the guy , you sure ask a lot of questions about him .
 My interest is purely academic .
 I know what you 're doing .
 You 're mad he used you , and you want to get back at him .
 Maybe you 're hoping I 'll let slip some chink in his armor .
 Friendly advice ...
 Don 't do that .
 It won 't end well .

 Let me tell you a story about someone who went up against Klaus .
 [ Music playing ] This was right after I returned from world War I. Marcel , voice- over :
 I 'd been trying to get away from New Orleans for a while .

 Something kept drawing me back .
 Why don 't you get me some Martinis ?
 Thank you .

 Aren 't you gonna welcome me home ?
 I wouldn 't want you to think that I was happy to see you .
 How long you gonna hate me ?
 You left me in a box for 52 years .
 Twice that seems like a good start .
 Come on , boys .

 Klaus : There he is ...
 Our war hero triumphantly returned .
 Oh , good to have you back , Marcellus .
 Welcome home .
 Mm .
 Ha ha !
 The prodigal son has finally learned to hold his liquor .
 The army 'll do that to you . Well , it 's good to have you back .
 Niklaus was beside himself in your absence .
 Now that you are here , perhaps you could help settle an argument .
 You see , you 've traded a war abroad for one here in the quarter .
 Some rogue witch wants a piece of the city we built , and Elijah , for reasons beyond my comprehension , insists that negotiation is our best recourse .
 On the topic of your failed comprehension , you forget , as a soldier ,
 Yes .
 Marcel has seen not only how small the world has become and how fast news can travel , but also the very horrors of war itself .
 Surely , Marcel would agree with me .
 The best way for us to defend our home is by exercising discretion .
 So who 's the witch you want to kill ?
 His name is Papa Tunde .
 I think he 's a charlatan . Well , Marcel shall be able to decide that for himself . Elijah :

 You invited him here .
 Of course .
 We 're not savages , are we ?
 Thank you for accepting our invitation , and welcome .
 I hope you 'll allow me to play the role of host .
 If there 's anything you need ...

 Anything at all ...
 Pleasure before business , then .
 Ha ha ha !
 Ha ha ha !
 Marcel , voice- over : I didn 't get it at first .
 Klaus was the one who wanted to go to war .
 So why was he inviting his enemy into his home ?
 Why be so generous to someone who he 's gonna have to kill ?
 But , you see , that 's the thing .
 It was all part of Klaus ' plan .
 He was sussing the guy out ,
 learning his weaknesses , his strengths , getting him to let his guard down .
 That 's how Klaus does it .
 Then he goes in for the kill .
 Because he 's a two- faced sociopath .
 There 's nothing enviable about what Klaus does .
 He 's a monster .
 We 're all monsters , Cami .
 If you 're powerful like Klaus is , you just don 't have to bother hiding it .
 Davina was powerful .
 She wasn 't a monster .


 It is done .
 The power of the original sister flows through me .
 And will that be enough to make Klaus suffer ?
 I will hurt Klaus Mikaelson as he hurt me .
 When I am done , he will wish that he could die .


 You gonna open this place today ? And risk you eating the clientele ?
 Oh , and here I thought you were starting to like me again .
 [ Cell phone vibrating ] [ Beep ]
 Ah , you 've deigned to break your despair
 long enough to pick up the phone .
 I figured you 'd just keep calling .
 Klaus : I 'm in the cauldron now .
 You could meet me here .
 We could start burning passersby at the stake . Sorry . I 'm gonna chase down my own lead .
 And where might that be , the bottom of a bottle of scotch ?
 I 'm at Sophie Deveraux 's place . I figured I 'll sit here and drink till she shows .
 Or you could snap out of this funk and come and help me end this .
 [ Beep ]
 [ Beep ]
 Sophie :
 Big , bad Klaus Mikaelson .
 Sophie .
 Just the witch I was looking to brutalize .
 Perhaps you could explain the attacks on my men .
 [ Beep ]

 Rebekah is not answering her calls .
 You worried about whoever killed those daywalkers still being out there ?
 Frankly , I 'm worried that she had something to do with this .
 She 's very displeased with Niklaus , perhaps even conspiring with others .
 Thierry , is it ?
 That 's right .
 My sister is rather fond of you .
 Strange , she 's not typically drawn to unremarkable men .
 Would you care to explain your sudden magnetism ?
 I don 't know what you 're ...
 You can either tell me what you know or I can distribute tiny pieces of you throughout the quarter .
 She asked me to keep an eye out on witch stuff .
 I found something , and when I showed her , we were jumped by some guy .
 He desiccated her with his touch .
 Like a coward , you left her .
 What was I supposed to do , fight some warlock that took out an original ?
 Where was this , exactly ?
 The docks , warehouse 57 .
 I was just doing what she asked .
 You cannot tell Klaus about this .

 I shall take that into consideration .

 I 'm coming with you .
 No .
 Stay here .
 Compound is safe .
 Rebekah is in trouble . I 'm going .

 Do not leave my sight . Understand ?
 Me calling things off with you wasn 't lack of interest .
 I was hoping to save you from all this .
 Well , thanks , Romeo , but I 'm in it .
 So when are you gonna get to the good part with Klaus and that Papa guy ?
 Papa Tunde said he wanted to empower the witches .
 Mostly , he wanted money and territory . Klaus and Elijah weren 't about to give him either .
 He didn 't like that , so he went on a rampage .
 No one was safe ...
 [ Panting ]
 Marcel , voice- over :
 Not the humans in the faction ...
 Not the guerrero werewolves .
 He even went after the witches who opposed him .
 Elijah offered a truce ... He gave his word , in fact ...
 But Klaus , being Klaus , he had another idea .
 You 're late , Elijah .
 It 's not like the noble brother to keep me waiting .
 I 'm sorry , mate . Elijah is the brother you meet when negotiations are to be had .
 I 'm the one you get when negotiations are closed .
 You do not scare me . You have no idea the power I possess .
 Oh , in fact , I made it a point to learn all about your power .
 I noticed how you 're almost always near those twin sons of yours , how they bear your distinctive mark .
 Got me to thinking .
 You channel their power , don 't you , which , of course , begs the question , what would happen were that power to be taken away , if those sons whose lives you depend on were suddenly struck down ?

 What of that power then ?

 I will kill you for this .
 I cannot be killed . You , however ...
 Aagh !
 That 's horrible .
 Oh , to Klaus , it 's just business .
 And don 't you think there 's something fundamentally wrong with that ?
 Don 't you worry you 'll end up one of his victims or , worse , just like him ?
 Tunde : Poor Marcellus .
 You remain always in the shadow of your father .
 Climb out from beneath it , will you , so you can die like a man ?





 Cami , you need to run now . Don 't look back .
 Just go .
 I think she should stay .
 I prefer an audience , and I 'm about to put on quite the show .
 [ Rattle ]
 [ Crack ]
 [ Crack ]
 Cami : Marcel ?
 I said , get out of here . You cannot defeat me .
 I channel the power of an original vampire .
 Soon , I will have all 3 , but first , I will take you .
 [ Glass shatters ]



 Sophie :
 It 's a complex spell , old- school stuff rooted in sacrificial magic .
 Whoever did this to your guys , my guess is , they were an offering to gain more power .
 More guys they kill , more power they get . [ Cell phone vibrates ]
 [ Beep ]
 I didn 't expect a call from you so soon .
 You need to get to Rousseau 's now .
 Some lunatic witch doctor is killing Marcel .
 Get as far away from there as you can .
 [ Beep ]

 Elijah :
 Rebekah . [ Whoosh ]
 Oh ...
 What 's happening ?
 Some kind of boundary spell .
 Someone is channeling her .
 Typically , it 's a lethal process , but , because she 's an original , she cannot die .
 Instead , she 's an endless source of power .
 So what are we supposed to do ?
 You have to get her out of there .
 As I recall , you 're one of the few people
 Niklaus Mikaelson ever gave a damn about .
 You know what he did to my family . Aah !
 The sins of the father are paid for by the son .
 I will take pleasure in telling Klaus how you died .
 I remember killing you .
 I rather relished it .
 What a joy it is to relive fond memories .

 Tunde : You 're here .
 Good .
 I can crush you before the eyes of your son , then I will consume you both .
 This time , I 'm stronger .

 You 're not listening .
 We cannot enter the circle .
 There 's some kind of confinement spell or ...
 If I can 't remove her , we can 't break the link . Sophie , on phone : It 's a convoluted spell .
 It 's like a witch 's recipe .
 You can spoil the balance by adding a more potent ingredient , a mystical binding agent ...
 I don 't know ...
 Volcanic ash , rock salt , anything up to and including eye of newt .
 What about the blood of a witch ?
 Do you have the blood of a witch ? [ Beep ]

 I need a favor .
 The baby .
 She 's a quarter witch .
 Uh !


 [ Whoosh ]

 - Is he dead ?
 - Get out of here .
 Is Marcel dead ? Did that guy kill him ?

 He didn 't finish him off . Marcel needs blood to heal .
 Go . Find me someone off the street .
 - I 'll do it . - No .
 Not you .
 I don 't want you involved in this .
 You don 't control me anymore , remember ?

 It 's ok , Marcel .
 It 's ok .
 It 's ok , Marcel .
 [ Chomp ]
 [ Slurping ]




 Ah ! I should rip out your coward heart . What , Rebekah ?
 We made a deal to take out your brother , but at he end of the day , it 's every man for himself .
 I am so sick of self- serving narcissists . Are men simply incapable of committing to an alliance ?
 [ Crack ] Oh ...
 I asked you to cease these petty moves against our family , and yet you conspire with this fool .

 Is this what its come to , making moves against your own blood ?
 Don 't you try and shame me .
 Nik grows more powerful by the day , and you do nothing but encourage him .
 I offer him my counsel because it 's clear to me that he needs to make the city our home .
 Now , perhaps leading these ... derelicts will curb some of these impulses ,
 Grant him some degree of happiness .
 You always talk of Nik 's happiness .
 Over 1, 000 years , he has robbed me of any chance at my own .
 What about me , Elijah ?
 Am I not a concern for you ?
 We all make sacrifices in the name of this family , Rebekah , but know this .
 I will never stand against you or Niklaus .
 What about Hayley ? Nothing I conspire to do , none of my treachery will harm this family as much as your feelings for her .


 You 're a hypocrite , Elijah .
 You would choose love over family and then condemn me for doing the same .



 Fancy meeting you here .
 That symbol is already up and down the cauldron , more of them popping up everywhere .
 I suppose Papa Tunde is marking his territory .
 I 'm told you saw him , as well .
 Yeah .
 Brought up a lot of memories .
 Memories that are best left buried .
 [ Music playing ]


 You 're sauced .

 Celebrating Klaus ' defeat of the mad Papa Tunde ? Not celebrating , drowning sorrows .
 I 'm the one who brought Tunde to town .


 What ?
 I made some inquiries while I was abroad , wanted the most dangerous witch anyone could find .
 Why on earth would you do that ?
 For you .
 I figured if someone as bad as Tunde comes in , maybe Klaus gets chased off .
 Very least , he 's occupied enough that he can 't stop me for trying to get you back .
 You mean to tell me that you would tear down everything my family built , everything you helped us build , risk your own life on the off chance that I would show you the slightest bit of affection ?


 I would .
 I did .
 I 'd do it again .
 Klaus has killed a thousand tundes .
 All his life , there 's only ever been one man he has truly feared ...
 My father Mikael .
 The vampire who hunts vampires .
 If he came here ,
 Klaus would flee and never turn back .
 All we need is a witch who can help us find him .
 [ People talking ]


 Not long ago , you all united against me .
 You failed .
 Since then , in my benevolence , I have wiped the slate clean , yet it seems clear you think that I am the one who needs to earn your respect , your loyalty .
 You 're mistaken .
 It is you who must prove yourselves to me .
 Our community is under attack .
 I require soldiers .
 I need warriors , not cowards .

 Each of you has a decision to make .
 You either fight alongside me or you leave ... now .

 [ Murmuring ]
 We don 't owe you anything .
 If staying in the quarter means living under your rule ,
 I 'd just as soon get the hell out .





 Marcel :
 I got to admit ,
 I thought you 'd lose a lot more guys than that . Well , good riddance to them , I say .
 We 've no room for slackers of cowards in our kingdom .
 Now that you 've regained your composure ,
 let 's move on to the next item of business , shall we , with a little help from our dear friend Sophie .

 I got no reason to help you , and I sure as hell don 't have a reason to help him .
 Klaus :
 Now , now , don 't be difficult , luv .
 You 'll only live as long as you 're of use to me , and right now , your best use is to explain why a witch I killed 100 years ago has come back for revenge .

 Sophie : Come on .
 Resurrected witches with vast power ? It 's the harvest .
 4 girls were meant to die and be reborn .
 I don 't know how , but someone jacked that power , and they used it to bring back 4 witches , just not the right ones .
 So there 's still a chance .
 If we can get that power back , we can save Davina .
 Let 's concentrate on the immediate problem , shall we ?
 Papa Tunde wants revenge .
 He 'll continue to attack us , channeling power from the vampires he sacrifices .
 He kills , he grows more dangerous .
 So how do I end him ?
 He needs sacrifices to gain power . Hmm .
 You keep him from killing any more nightwalkers , that 's a start .
 Unless ... he finds the one place with a load of vampires ready to be sacrificed .
 [ Music playing ]


 Is it done ?

 This blade now contains all the power
 I harvested from the vampires .
 It will do things worse than death , even to an original .

 And are you ready for the final offering ?
 In the name of the witches of the french quarter , it is my honor .

 Thank you , Papa Tunde .
