 00 : 00 : 12, 160 -- > 00 : 00 : 14, 800 You !
 Another beer .
 This one taste like monkey sweat .
 Please !
 What ? ! You lecture me in manners ?
 You , dressed like prostitute !
 Eh ! It 's six o 'clock in the morning . I want my breakfast .
 Can we just get on with the game , please ?
 Come on , then , little boy , make your bloody move .
 Yeah , all right .
 I 'll call you five grand .
 Let 's see what you got .
 Hang on a minute . I 've been looking at you all night .
 I 'm flattered . You 're not really my type , love .
 Trying to work out why I knew your face , and it 's just come to me .
 Oh , yeah ?
 I think you 're Kennedy .
 The card counter . I think you 're Sean Kennedy .
 Security !
 ALARM
 Argh !
 Kensington .
 Stop !
 When will you be free ? I need to cash these chips .
 I can 't exactly go back in the casino .
 Well , well , well , what have we here !
 I 'll call you back .
 Five bloody grand you took off me .
 I want my money , you cheating pig , or I call the police !
 Look , ok , ok , ok .
 Look , mate , that 's only fair , all right ?
 Five grand , yeah ?
 There you go . Sorry about that .
 You want to cash the chips ?
 I 'll do it .
 I 'll give you cash for them , right now .
 - How much ? - How much you got in there ?
 About 40K 's worth .
 I 'll give you ten .
 LAUGHS You 're having a laugh , mate !
 - No chance ... 20 , final offer .
 - 15 .
 20 grand cash , right now .
 You make a bit , I make a bit . What 's not to like ?
 What 's not to like ?
 I 'd like to cash these , please .
 - Is this a joke ? - What ?
 I 'm not cashing these .
 What do you mean you 're not cashing them ?
 Why ? Well why d 'you think ? They 're fake .
 Obviously they 're fake .
 I think you 're Kennedy .
 The card counter . I think you 're Sean Kennedy .
 Security !
 Kensington .
 20 grand cash , right now .
 You make a bit , I make a bit . What 's not to like ?
 What 's not to like ?
 Argh !
 Listen , cheers , Caz . You played an absolute blinder as usual . Thanks , babe .
 Really sweet of you , that .
 Sure we can 't give you a lift anywhere ?
 No thanks , Ash . Not feeling too clever , to be honest .
 I could do with a bit of a walk and some fresh ...
 Whoa ...
 Ooh !
 Ambulance .

 sync and corrections by Bellows www . addic7ed . com
 You 're going to be fine , love .
 Tough as old boots , you are .
 Less of the " old " .
 Yeah , well , you know what I mean .
 I don 't want to die , Ash .
 Hey , hey , hey , hey ! No- one 's doing any dying .
 Besides , there 's a queue . And Albert 's first .
 Charming !
 You 're going to be fine , yeah ?
 I 'll come back with a bunch of grapes .
 Are you next of kin ? Well , as good as .
 There 's no- one else .
 Your friend 's had a very serious heart attack and she 'll be in for quite a while .
 Now , she 's going to need some stuff from home .
 Is there any way you 'll be able to sort that out ?
 Yeah , yeah , yeah , consider it done .
 Heart attack ?
 All right , thanks for letting me know , Sandra .
 Yeah , I know it couldn 't have been an easy call .
 Right , thanks again . Bye- bye .
 Poor old girl .
 I 'll have a whiskey , Eddie , large one .
 I know how you feel , mate . I might join you there .
 Very upsetting news .
 - You already heard ? - Yeah , Ash phoned me .
 Well , I suppose it wasn 't a surprise to anyone .
 She just went down like a sack of potatoes .
 It 's awful .
 In the end , they had no option but to put her down .
 They shot Carol ?
 No ! El Matador , at 10 . 30 at Chepstow .
 I 'm talking about Carol .
 Oh ! Carol is recovering in the hospital .
 And unless the NHS is in more trouble than I thought ,
 I don 't believe they 're planning on murdering her .
 Right .
 Good , cos ... yeah , she 's er ... she 's a ... she 's a lovely lady , Carol .
 Remember the Downing Street switch ?
 - What , that was Carol ? - Uh- huh .
 Yeah . - And the London Eye float .
 - Yeah ? The bearer bond scam of 2000 . All hers .
 She even ... she even took Mad Frankie Fraser for ten quid when she was five years old .
 ( No ! )
 Yeah , in her day ...
 Carol was one of the best .
 So there 's no fella on the scene , then ?
 Not if this is anything to go by .
 Whoa !
 Now that is what I call comfort food .
 No wonder she 's not well .
 What the hell ...
 " Eat Yourself Slender " ?
 Now , this I 've got to see .
 ' Hey , I 'm Dr Dean Deville ,
 ' and I 'm here today to tell you about the EYS plan ...
 ' the diet plan that has taken the slimming world by storm .
 ' Eat Yourself Slender is the diet plan that allows you
 ' to live the lifestyle you deserve
 ' while simultaneously helping you to lose weight .
 ' How 's that possible ?
 ' Simple ! By understanding how metabolism really works .
 ' For the last five years , I have worked with a team of top nutritionists across the globe ,
 ' and what I 've learned has turned the science of weight loss on its head .
 ' Now it 's time to share that with you in the UK .
 ' There are four types of fat .
 ' Good fat , bad fat , thin fat and fat fat .
 ' The Eat Yourself Slender plan allows you to eat all the good thin fat you like ,
 ' whilst at the same time reducing your bad fat fat .
 ' This is Ray .
 ' Look at him before .
 ' And look at him now !
 ' He has lost 22 stone by eating what he wants to eat
 ' on the Eat Yourself Slender plan .
 ' Gail used to be repulsive
 ' but six months on the Eat Yourself Slender plan ...
 ' and Gail 's got the figure she always wanted .
 ' So , don 't delay .
 ' For only £99 . 99 a month , you too can be part
 ' of the Eat Yourself Slender plan .
 ' Be the person you always wanted to be .
 ' The Eat Yourself Slender plan .
 ' Because the rest of your life starts today . '
 Carol had been on the diet for six months .
 She was nine and a half stone when she started , 13 when admitted to hospital this morning .
 And if you read these , you can see why .
 It is a recipe for heart disease , high blood pressure , raised cholesterol .
 It 'd be funny if it wasn 't so dangerous .
 Meanwhile , Dr Dean Deville and his wife and business partner Dana have gained quite a few pounds over the last few years .
 Yeah , over ten million of them , according to Companies House .
 Please tell me we think they can afford to shed a few .
 They sold Carol a diet plan that nearly killed her .
 I think we should take them for everything we can .
 Yeah , definitely .
 Oh , yes . OK . Good .
 So , who are they ?
 Albert ... history .
 Where did they come from and why did they leave America ?
 Emma , check out their business interests and anything else they may be involved in .
 Mm- hm . Sean , check out the science . Their labs and qualifications .
 I 'll do hobbies and personal interests .
 Ash , the legal implications .
 How the hell do they manage to keep selling a product that is clearly so dangerous .
 Right ? Let 's do this .
 ' I 'm Dr Dean Deville ... Dr Dean Deville ...
 ' I 'm Dr Dean Deville , and I 'm here today to tell you about the EYS plan . '
 Dean and Dana Deville . Oh , these guys are pros .
 They 've been doing what they 've been doing in one form or another over the years .
 They always manage to stay just one step ahead of the law .
 ' With Pro- Butrimol- F and active vita- beta- retinal 5 action ,
 ' this is probably the best vitamin in the world ever , ever . '
 In 2005 , they moved onto the internet and became the king and queen of the infomercial .
 ' Just £9 . 99 is all it 'll cost to end the pain of arthritis forever , forever .
 ' And say goodbye to swine flu misery with Pig- U- Go . '

 There 's no evidence to suggest any products they sell have had scientific testing .
 And as far as qualifications are concerned , well , they 're from a mail order place in Tupelo .
 Dr Pepper is more qualified than these two .
 They circumvent any legal issues arising from this by selling them as health supplements and like Albert said , always just getting away with it .
 Last year , they made profits of over £2 million getting away with it .
 Most of this , it 's invested in art purchases which they store in safety deposits , to sell for profit at a later date .
 It looks like they have an interest in art , but it 's done purely for financial gain .
 So I think it 's pretty clear that the accumulation of money is their main hobby , but what 's their weakness ?
 - Arrogance . They think they 're untouchable .
 - Yes .
 But the UK 's much more strictly regulated than the States ... it must be getting harder for them to stay one step ahead of the authorities .
 So , I mean if you were them , wouldn 't you be looking for a way out now ?
 A way to find the big one , the ultimate , that one last
 legitimate product that would allow you to retire ?
 - So that 's what we offer them ? - Yes .
 And we use their arrogance , this feeling they can do anything , to blind them to what we 're doing .
 So what 's the actual con ?
 We are going to sell them a genuine wonder product that will make them billions .
 Which is ?
 MOCK AMERlCAN ACCENT : Which is the best diet drug in the world ever !
 All right , so what 's the convincer ?
 Yes , these people are scammers themselves .
 And pretty good ones . They 'll spot an ordinary convincer a mile off .
 So in order to outsmart them , we 'll have to be very clever .
 Who 's heard of the Montagne scam ?
 The guy that stole the Venus de Milo .
 Yeah , and more importantly , sold it again .
 So , our convincer , we are going to sell the Devilles this .
 The Lucien egg , one of a pair of Faberge eggs , and this one is currently residing at the Tenguiz Gallery .
 - Who owns the other one ? - The Devilles do .
 The eggs together are worth much more than the sum of their parts , so unsurprisingly , the Devilles have made repeated attempts to buy the Lucien egg , but Josh Tenguiz simply isn 't interested .
 They also tried to sell him their egg at a grossly inflated amount
 - but still , no deal .
 - So ?
 A few years ago , the Devilles were interviewed by police in connection to the purchase and profitable sale of some stolen artwork .
 They claimed they did it in good faith and there were no charges .
 I think the jury 's still out on that one but I think it 's safe to say these people would stop at nothing to snaffle up a bargain .
 So Emma , Sean , I want you to check out security at the Tenguiz Gallery .
 Ash , we 'll go and see an old friend of mine . Albert , Dali Macmanus .
 Wherever he is , whoever he is these days , I need you to find him .
 And one last thing ... We can 't rush this .
 To draw these people in successfully , we need time , so be patient and remember that revenge is a dish best served cold .
 Freddy the Face , long time no see .
 Hello ? No , I can 't talk right now .
 No , I 'm going into the gallery .
 No , I should be quick .
 OK , hold on ...
 Cheers , darling .
 - Well , I 'm done , you ready ? - Yeah , let 's do it .
 Oh , my goodness .
 Excuse me , somebody ! This is something bad here !
 There 's something bad here in this bag .
 Evacuate the gallery as quickly as possible !
 Come on !
 ALARM RlNGS
 If we 're thinking of trying to steal this egg , we 're in trouble . Why ?
 Because everyone of the exhibits in this gallery is coated with an invisible chemical .
 A chemical which reacts to an infra red light if taken through any of the 56 internal doors and sets off the alarms .
 - Basically , we 're buggered .
 - We 're buggered .
 Excellent .
 DOOR BUZZER GOES That 'll be the pizza .
 Could you get that please , Sean ? Yeah , don 't worry about it , I 'll get it .
 Just push the door mate .
 Oh , my gawd , I 'm gonna have a bleedin ' ' eart attack !
 What 's the matter , lift broken ?
 Nah , it 's not the lifts mate , no , I 'm just a fat git .
 Glutton dressed as glam . What d 'you think ?
 Oh , my God !
 So over the whole time we set up the convincer , me and Mickey will be in weekly contact with the Devilles .
 But each time we meet , Freddy the Face will have fitted me with a smaller fat suit .
 So by the time the convincer 's over , I 'll appear to have lost six stone in as many weeks and they will want to know how .
 - What ?
 - It 's scary how well you carry it off . Yeah .
 Sure you don 't want a bit of salad now ?
 PHONE RlNGS
 - Hey , Em .
 - The Devilles are attending an art launch at three .
 - Oh , that 's fine . We 'll see you there .
 - Bye .
 Do you think we can make some money out of this one ?
 You never know .
 - Another glass ? - It 's free . Of course .
 - Five seconds .
 - Got it .
 It 's Balloon Cat , Mr Branson , yes , and Jeff Koons is hotter than ever right now .
 I think it 's a steal at half a million , if you 'll pardon the pun .
 A painting like that would be worth ten times that at auction .
 Yeah , I can talk to you later . OK , bye .
 - Excuse me , did we meet ?
 - I don 't think so . Dana Deville , Doctor .
 Danny Mullen , dealer .
 Oh , you 're a dealer ? You got a card ?
 My husband and I are always on the lookout for exciting new pieces .
 I think I may have one . Here , there we go .
 " If you don 't ask , you don 't get " .
 - And what does that mean ? - Exactly what it says .
 On the face of it , some pieces may seem tricky to source .
 But I say , I definitely can 't help you if you don 't ask .
 But if you do ask , you get ?
 I haven 't failed yet . What , ever ?
 Nope .
 What if I asked you for something that wasn 't even for sale ?
 As I said , I haven 't failed yet .
 - Did she bite ? - I don 't know .
 The Koons that was stolen from Madrid last month ?
 - The what ? - The Koons , from L 'Escuela .
 It was an early one , worth maybe a million .
 Well , I think that might just have been the man who stole it .
 Then there was Jessica , my uncle 's missus , she was fit as a fiddle .
 Bang , massive heart attack - dead before she hit the ground .
 Oh .
 You know , erm , it 's really nice of you to come and see me , Eddie .
 I hope you don 't think I 'm being rude but do you think there 's any way we can talk about something other than premature death from coronary heart disease ?
 Oh .
 Oh , 'course .
 Sorry .
 Stupid of me . I 'm sorry , Carol .
 How about deaths from cancer ?
 Same , really . Yeah .
 Go on then , what 's your favourite ?
 Hey , now you 're talking .
 You know when I was a little girl , it was the pink donuts , deffo , but you know when you get a bit older , it 's the blue ones you like ...
 Well , this man 's clearly a player in the art world .
 Clearly .
 OK , hand me his card .
 We 're going to have to meet .
 And I said , " Belushi , you keep taking that crap ,
 " it ain 't gonna do you no good . "
 The very next day , he was dead , and I took that as a sign .
 What sort of a sign ?
 Primarily that he was sicker than I thought .
 And also that I had a gift and it was my duty to share that gift and bring wellbeing and healing and happiness to others .
 And that 's when you joined the ClA ?
 Five years black ops and the extraordinary thing is that ...
 Oh , enough of you , my sweet !
 I think our guest is a very busy man so let 's cut to the chase , shall we ?
 All right .
 Fine by me .
 Mr Mullen , have you heard of a Faberge egg called the Laurentian ?
 Hmm ... 19th century , it 's not really my speciality .
 Well , we own it , it 's one of a pair .
 The other 's called the Lucien Egg and it 's in the Tenguiz Gallery .
 Now they were conceived as a pair , they were made as a pair .
 And I 'd imagine worth a whole lot more as a pair .
 Great minds , Mr Mullen , great minds .
 Except that we 've approached the owner on a number of occasions to buy the egg and he refuses .
 Drivels on about its aesthetic beauty , how it makes him feel alive just to hold it and we 've run out of patience now .
 And so , as requested , we 've got four words for you , Mullens .
 Four simple words that require one simple answer .
 Can . You . Acquire .
 The ...
 Sorry , five words .
 Can you get us the egg ?
 Well , if we already know that Tenguiz won 't sell it to you , there really is only one way of obtaining it .
 Indeed .
 OK .
 As I say , this isn 't really my area , so I 'm guessing that each egg on its own is worth maybe a quarter of a million ?
 As a pair , maybe three quarters ?
 The Tenguiz is a very secure gallery . It would take organising , which is expensive .
 I have a team of trusted experts I always use .
 I 'd want 50K , cash on delivery .
 Do you know who we are , Mr Mullen ?
 Of course , I always do my research .
 Then you 'll know we 're successful business people , who did not get where they are by being taken for fools .
 And believe me , I have serious respect for that .
 But I 'd need to know you trust me or this won 't work at all .
 Now , excuse me , I 'm late for my next meeting .
 We 're not saying we don 't trust you .
 OK , how 's this ? I 'll involve you in the planning .
 But this will take some time to organise .
 So , we 'll have regular briefings , updates , at yours , at mine , wherever you want .
 If you don 't like something and you have a better idea , we 'll change it .
 What do you think ?
 Weekly briefings .
 You 'll thank us for our input .
 Then I think we have a deal .
 I think we do .
 You won 't regret it .
 I 'll be in touch .
 What time do you call this ?
 I 'm sorry but I got held up .
 Stop with the excuses .
 Three quarters of a mil ?
 More like two .
 Nearly £2 million profit !
 The best art theft deal in the world . Ever !
 ' There are four types of fat .
 ' Good fat , bad fat , thin fat and fat fat . '
 When setting up the convincer , Ash and I will be in weekly contact with the Devilles , but when we meet them ,
 Freddy The Face will have fitted Ash with a smaller fat suit .
 So by the time the convincer is over , he 'll appear to have lost six stone in as many weeks .
 ' I 'm Doctor Dean Deville , I 'm Doctor Dean Deville ,
 ' and I 'm here to tell you about the EYS plan . '
 The stakes are high .
 Breaking into The Tenguiz Gallery to get the egg is a tall order .
 OK , that 's how you get in .
 ' You , too , can be part of the Eat Yourself Slender Plan . '
 So , the chemical the objects are sprayed with is called Aceto- Styteline .
 It reacts with the infra- red on the doors and sets the alarms off .
 But if you subject Styteline to a 15- nanosecond blast of black light ...
 It temporarily changes its refractive index .
 SHE GASPS
 ' The Eat Yourself Slender Plan lets you eat the good , thin fat you like ,
 ' whilst at the same time reducing your bad fat fat . '
 See you soon .
 THEY LAUGH
 I got to change my lens prescription .
 Through the ducts is the best way to get in .
 HE CLEARS HlS THROAT Er , sorry , here are the , er ... Ah , good .
 Good . Now , this is what we were missing .
 ' The Eat Yourself Slender Plan !
 ' Because the rest of your life starts today . '
 - You sure you 're ready for the break- in ? - Yeah . 100 % .
 See you at the penthouse tomorrow , eight o 'clock , sharp .
 We 'll supply the popcorn .
 My team should be arriving at the gallery now .
 They know this has to go like clockwork .
 - There you go . - Thank you .
 - Champagne ? - Thanks .
 Please , have a seat .
 Sailing bloody close to the wind , bringing them in here .
 The nearer we draw them to us , the more they 'll trust us . According to Mickey .
 Ah , this is Claude . He takes care of all our security concerns .
 Ah , the old " in and out " guy , huh ?
 OK , we 're in .
 There they are .
 Right .
 OK .
 Let 's do it .
 OK , I 'm here .
 OK , cameras 19 and 24 will freeze when I press enter .
 But the system 's on an automatic reboot every three minutes , which I can 't override .
 ' So , you have exactly 180 seconds from when I say , OK ? '
 And , go !
 Here comes the black light now .
 Come on , come on .
 How much longer does he have ?
 45 seconds . Come on , fella , come on .
 Now the moment of truth .
 The black light should block the security alarm .
 Wow .
 Ha !
 It actually worked . What did I say ?
 Come on , Sean .
 Eight , seven ...
 Six , five , four , three , two , one .
 Uh !
 Ha !
 Nice one !
 So , give us 24 hours , let the dust settle , and we 'll meet up tomorrow .
 - You know , Mullen , Bill Clinton once said to me ... - Shut up , Dean .
 - No , Bill never said that . - Goodnight , Mr Mullen .
 Goodnight !
 Softly , softly .
 I bet you haven 't seen one this big before .
 I don 't think I have . And what a funny colour , innit , it 's just ...
 Can I have a quick word please , sir ?
 Yeah , sure , yeah .
 You like Carol , don 't you ?
 Yeah , well , I do a bit , yeah . Y 'know .
 She 'll be ready to leave in a few days . And she 'll need someone .
 To help her change her lifestyle , to help her lose weight and get fit again .
 And I was just wondering that , if you did it together you might find that you wouldn 't need all the cakes and the sweets and ...
 As you can see , it 's got a time and a date on it .
 So I 'm hoping that 'll reveal who paid for five coffees , four flapjacks and a croissant here , Thursday last .
 Beautiful , isn 't it ?
 I think you and I could do a lot more business together , Mr Mullen .
 I very much hope so .
 We will most definitely be in touch .
 Oh , and remember ...
 TOGETHER : " If you don 't ask ... "
 THEY LAUGH
 What do you feed your staff on , Mr Mullen ?
 I 'm sorry ?
 Buddy , you 're either on a hell of a diet or you have terminal cancer .
 Oh . You 're right . He has lost some weight .
 Six stone , actually .
 - What did you say ? - In as many weeks .
 Six stone in six weeks ? How ?
 - Oh , no , that 's private . - Oh . Don 't be like that .
 You wouldn 't want to make little Dana cross , would you ?
 Weight loss is our business .
 It 's a new diet drink .
 A diet drink ?
 Yeah . Just one spoonful , and bingo .
 What diet drink ? Where did you get it , this diet drink ?
 How come I haven 't heard about this new diet drink ?
 Tell me , or you 'll be losing a couple more ounces right here .
 Cos it 's not for sale .
 Er , cos it 's still being tested .
 Cos I sort of ... nicked it .
 My missus works as a lab assistant for Spitz- Kleinman .
 They 're a pharmaceutical company . We know who they are .
 Yeah , and occasionally she 'd bring some of her work home with her .
 Anyway , she was talking about this new weight- loss product they 'd been testing on rats , called , er , Reducio .
 It had been a bit of a disappointment , she said , so ... she bought a few bottles of it home to do some more work on and ...
 It 's OK , Phillips , we won 't tell anyone . Go on .
 Well , I just borrowed a bottle .
 I 've always struggled with me weight and , well , I wanted to see if this was the one , you know , the one diet product that actually worked .
 And boy , did it ?
 Yeah , just one spoonful a day .
 You know , you can still eat anything you want .
 And the fat ...
 It all comes out in your pores .
 You sweat it out !
 Yeah , you sweat all the fat out !
 That is genius .
 And what did your wife say when she saw how much you 'd lost ?
 Well my wife didn 't say anything .
 She didn 't say anything ? You were a freak !
 When you stood on the scales , it just said , " To be continued " .
 She must have said something !
 No . No , no , cos she didn 't know .
 You see , just before I took the bottle , she told me she was leaving me for a body- builder from Purley .
 She left that night .
 DANA GASPS Oh ! Oh !
 Phillips !
 Excellent news !
 What ! ?
 That you have lost so much weight is excellent news !
 But let me just confirm one thing ... that your wife has absolutely no idea the product worked so well for you ?
 No . No , none at all .
 No .
 Do you know when Spitz- Kleinman were planning on starting human trials ?
 Well , er , it could be a matter of months , she said .
 Or even a year .
 Do you , I mean to say , that is ...
 Do you think we could have an incy- wincy little look at this bottle ?
 Maurice ?
 Oh , I mean , I 'd love to .
 Dana .
 HE INHALES DEEPLY
 But I finished the last of it two days ago , I 'm afraid .
 OK , no problem .
 Well , why don 't we pop into the kitchen and get you some lard or refined sugars or whatever it is you generally like to eat , while we have a nice little chat with Mr Mullen ?

 Do you have any idea how much a product like that could be worth ?
 One that actually does what we say it does ?
 We could make billions ! Literally billions !
 We sell it as a health supplement , " aiding weight loss " , to bypass the regs .
 And beat Spitz to the market !
 No more looking over our shoulders , no more fighting off lawsuits .
 Instead , we 'd be feted , we 'd be honoured !
 The Nobel Prize for services to fat !
 Arise , Sir Dean and Dana !
 Of Deville !
 THEY GASP
 Excuse me .
 Sorry to interrupt , but aren 't you forgetting something ?
 He used it all , remember ?
 You don 't actually have the drug .
 What do have is a man who successfully broke into one of the most secure galleries in London .
 How much harder can it be to break in to a laboratory ?
 - And steal the formula ? - Why not ?
 HE LAUGHS Oh , no .
 Equal share , the three of us .
 This is big pharma , you 're talking about . Those guys are scary .
 We pay you a flat fee , then .
 You just help us steal it , don 't get involved in any of the rest .
 Sorry .
 - Same as for the egg .
 - Not interested . - 100 , then . - Nope .
 - OK , double .
 200, 000 sterling . COD .
 Then you 're out .
 A quarter of a million , and I 'll do it .
 Quarter of a million it is .
 But this time , he 'll come along for the ride .
 What ? !
 You want Dean to take part in the break- in ?
 Just as an observer .
 I want to be absolutely certain that we 're handing over a quarter of a brick for the real deal .
 - Er , sweetheart , can ... - Be quiet , Dean . OK !
 It 's your money .
 But as an observer , nothing more .
 That 's a kayaking course .
 That one 's rock climbing up one of them walls .
 Oh , and that 's a ballroom dancing course .
 " The Merengue , the Salsa , the American Smooth . "
 Blimey , just reading about them 's making me hungry . But that 's the thing , isn 't it ?
 Nothing wrong with having a blow- out , if you 're burning off the calories .
 Yeah . I know , I know , I know .
 What ?
 Why would you not even try it ? Just one of 'em , surely .
 - And why wouldn 't you ? - I dunno . It 's just ...
 What ?
 Oh , it 's , going on your own , isn 't it ? It 's the same for me .
 If I had someone to go with , I 'd do it in a shot .
 - Would you , really ? - Like a shot .
 So don 't you know anyone , then , that we can ring and ask , you know , to take you ?
 Yeah , I do know this one fella .
 He 's a bit of a numpty , but I just think he 's painfully shy .
 But I really like him and I 'd love to spend some more time with him when I get out of here .
 Oh . OK , yeah . Pass us a phone , I 'll give him a bell .
 Yeah , all right , there you go .
 It 's ringing . Mine 's ringing now .
 Hello ?
 - Hi , is this Eddie ? - Yeah , speaking .
 Hi , Eddie , it 's Carol .
 I 'd like to know , when I get out , will you go ballroom dancing with me ?
 Hello ? Anybody here ?
 Service !
 Cor , disgraceful behaviour , innit ?
 Just can 't get the staff these days .
 So .
 All we have to do , is get in to one of their labs , plant the formula inside it , and get out of the lab , so that we can get back in again to take out what we 've just put in .
 - Simple ! - Ash , can you handle the data ?
 I 've just lost six stone ,
 I am strong , I am empowered , I am beautiful .
 - Is that a yes ? - Go on , then .
 Sean , we 'll need some promotional stuff .
 Albert , fake IDs ? No problem .
 Emma , we need you inside .
 Now , they 're looking for domestics . Give them a call .
 And I need to work out a way to get us undisturbed access to a lab for an hour or so .
 The key , in jobs like this one , is to contrive a way to walk in through the front door , find the right lab , take the formula , and walk out again , calmly , without attracting attention .

 Here you are .
 And right now , I have a team of experts working very hard to make that plan work . Dean .
 You and I will be officers from the National lnstitute for Health and Clinical Excellence , come to do a spot- check on their clinical facilities .
 Once we 're inside reception , we will tell security we need to inspect two labs , that we will need for no longer than 15 minutes .
 We 'll also tell them we need those labs cleared .
 Dean , you and I will have IDs and numbers to call for verification , though any call they make will be diverted to one of my team .
 You 've done this before .
 HE SMlRKS
 All we need to do now is find out which lab Reducio is being developed in .
 My IT experts are hacking their mainframe to find out ... so that we know which lab we want to " randomly " check .
 Once we have that information , we 're good to go .

 - Healthy lifestyle , healthy fridge .
 - Oh , Eddie .
 Thank you so much .
 You 're such a lovely man .
 Better than a kick in the teeth ...
 Sean Kennedy ? Yeah ?
 DS Rivet , Hoxton nick .
 I think we need to have a little chat .
 Oh , no .
 What the hell 's happened ?
 They 're questioning Sean about the Tenguiz break- in .
 Seems he dropped something that IDs him .
 - Oh , my God . Is he going to blab ? - No , of course not .
 What 's the problem , then ?
 Kid 'll be out in ten , still got time to make something of himself .
 The problem is that the police are watching us like hawks ... so we 're not going to go ahead with the Spitz job .
 Any of us . It 's suicide .
 He 's right , I 'm sorry , it 's over .
 Wait !
 They 're not watching us . They don 't even know about us .
 And ?
 Oh , no .
 You mean we do it ? !
 The two of us ? The break- in ? Why not ?
 We could wear earpieces .
 Mullen could talk us through it . What do you say , Mullen ?
 - I say you 're insane . - Really ? How hard can it be ?
 Honey , it could ... Shut up !
 Come on , why not ?
 We didn 't learn this business overnight .
 - It takes years of experience . - You underestimate me .
 You have no idea of some of the things I 've done to make money .
 We 've never been beaten , never failed .
 Well , you have now . It 's a crazy idea .
 Fine . Walk away from 250, 000 sterling then .
 When we 're so close . So close !
 Come on , Mullen ! We can make this work .
 Remember how good that money felt in your hands .
 OK .
 OK , but we have to move fast , while they 're preoccupied with Sean .
 HE CLlCKS HlS TEETH
 OK , I confess , I can 't take it any longer , I did it .
 But of course you did it .
 We all know you did it .
 Yeah , I did it .
 I went to the Tenguiz gallery and I dropped a bit of litter on the floor .
 I wonder if you 'll find it so funny standing in the dock , facing down a ten stretch .
 Testing , testing .
 Cor- blimey guv 'nor , it 's a real pea- souper , make no mistake .
 Remind me why we thought this was a good idea .
 Dean , they do have American employees .
 Cuppa Rosy- Lee , don 't mind if I do ! Ta very much !
 I bet Sean 's more relaxed than me right now .
 Maybe this time , this time , we may have gone too far .
 Don 't say a freakin ' word or I swear I 'll never do the thing with the mango again .
 Mango ?
 Jessica Amwell , Paul Banstead , National lnstitute for Clinical Excellence .
 We 're doing a lab spot- check in light of the Strep- C outbreak in Munich and we 've selected two of your labs at random , numbers three and 14 .
 ' To inspect , we 'll need uninterrupted access for approximately 15 minutes .
 ' You will wish to confirm our IDs . '
 You can talk to our authentication department on this number .
 Thank you so much .
 MOBlLE RlNGS
 Good morning , National lnstitute for Health and Clinical Excellence
 Authentication department . How can I help you ?
 ' Emma ? They 're clearing everyone out of the lab .
 Put the files in place . '
 We had a scientist up in Scotland last year who caught a new flesh- eating bug .
 By the time they got to him , all that was left was one thumb and an earlobe .
 True story !
 Not too obvious , Em .
 We 're good from here , thank you .
 Mullen , we 're in . ' OK , now what have you got ?
 ' Three computers , I 'm on the first . Opening it up .
 ' OK , I can 't see anything , ' I can 't see anything . '
 What am I looking for ? Facts ? Come on , come on , come on .
 Are we 100 % sure this is the right lab ?
 Let me try another computer .
 OK , second computer .
 - Security ? - Go ahead .
 - There 's a problem at reception .
 - On my way .
 Come on , come on !
 Hang on .
 I got something here , too .
 Reducio Optimum 7 ? ' That 's it , that 's it . '
 It 's here , too .
 These guys have got no idea on branding .
 It should be Fat- U- Sweat .
 ' Perspira- Go ' . ' Or Fatooze . '
 Guys , can we just download the file and get the hell out ? Now ?
 Right , what have you got ?
 Look , this doesn 't match .
 Security breach .
 We 've got it !
 So near , so very , very near .
 This is a very strange sensation .
 I 'm rooting for the mark . It 's all gone weird .
 The Americans are on the third floor !
 ( Try the back exit . )
 ' Boys , the third floor . '
 THEY WHOOP AND HOLLER WlTH DELlGHT
 Come on !
 THEY CACKLE GLEEFULLY
 ' Woo !
 Woo ! ' Go , go , go ! '
 Your money ?
 My money .
 You ... moron !
 You didn 't seriously think we were going to give you a quarter of a million G 's , did you ?
 Why not , we had a deal ? I 'll tell you why not .
 Because we did all the hard work . That 's why not .
 - I think you 're being unfair . - Really ?
 I did a lot of preparation behind the scenes . I did some work you didn 't even see .
 I don 't give a rat 's ass what you did behind the scenes .
 We have the formula ... it 's being made up right now ... and we don 't need you any more !
 Boo- hoo- hoo ! Seriously , what sort of idiots do you think we are ?
 The sort who thought I was attaching a microphone to that brooch when actually it was a camera .
 A camera that filmed you and your husband breaking in to Spitz- Kleinman .
 Cup of Rosy- Lee , don 't mind if I do , ta very much !
 The footage of which I 've put on a DVD and have given to my assistant who is at this moment outside Scotland Yard waiting for my phone call .
 Those sorts of idiots .
 250 grand , cash , please .
 I almost feel bad .
 Yeah , cos they think that 's the worst thing that 's going to happen to them today .
 You know , it almost seems unfair .
 Almost !
 THEY LAUGH
 Are you sure this is the right formula ?
 I stole it myself , so I think I know what I 'm doing .
 Now shut up and give me the bottle ! - I want to sweat some fat .
 - Yeah , me , too ! Huh !
 You 're definitely sweating .
 Oh , my ...
 Yeah , that 's what I thought .
 Cos that formula 's just an emetic .
 HE STlFLES VOMlTING
 A very powerful one , granted .
 HE RETCHES VlOLENTLY
 But an emetic just the same .
 SHE PANTS
 We just gave him 250 grand for something that makes you sick ? !
 Well , at least we still have the egg , honey .
 HOARSELY : 50 grand for an egg that 's now worth 20 times that .
 He may think he had us , he may think he was smart , but we 're still way up on the deal !
 Who 's the idiot now , Mullen ? Who 's laughing now !
 HE RETCHES
 Excuse me ?
 Is that meant to be in there ?
 It 's believed the egg might have been accidentally moved by a cleaner or even a practical joker , but however it happened , Lord Tenguiz declared he was delighted to have his egg back .
 As you can see , the egg is now ...
 Mmm .
 I 'm no legal expert , but I 'd imagine it 's quite difficult to charge someone for stealing something that hasn 't been stolen .
 Wouldn 't you say ?
 ' The egg is now back in its rightful place , and what a piece of art it is .
 ' It was created ... '
 But , but , no !
 He stole it ! He said , if you used the black light ...
 If you subject Styteline to a 15- nanosecond blast of black light , it temporarily changes the refractive index .
 And if you believe that load of old cobblers , you 'll believe anything .
 We saw him leave the room with it .
 We saw him leave the room with it !
 No !
 We do the cons ! We 're the ones who do the conning !
 This really has to be your best work . The best .
 We 're the ones who do the goddamn conning !
 So they had to do the robbery themselves , or they could have gone to the police .
 Or come after us . But now , they can 't do either .
 Yeah , but how would you know for sure they would offer to do it ?
 Well , their arrogance , their greed , their need ?
 All we had to do was convince them none of us could do the job .
 So you dropped the receipt deliberately . Unbelievable !
 How you lot pull it off , I 've no idea . Oh !
 Says the man who pulled off the greatest con of the 21st century .
 It 's quite remarkable , Eddie .
 You managed to convince Carol you 're an attractive man !
 Oi ! We think he 's a bit of all right , don 't we Carol ?
 I won 't hear a word against him . Mwah ! OTHERS :
 Oooh !
 All right , how about a toast , how about a toast ?
 To Eddie , to Carol , to all of us ... and our good health .
 ALL : Our good health !
 Hang on .
 Crudites , anyone ? Low- fat dip ?
 He 's a friend of chairman Mao , isn 't he ?
 Ooh ! Hey , Chinese ... now you 're talking . Who 's got a menu ?
 Cheers , all . Cheers ! GLASSES CLlNK


 sync and corrections by Bellows www . addic7ed . com
