0 0 : 0 0 : 0 2 , 2 6 7 - - &gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 0 3 , 5 3 3 It 's late I t  ' sprettylate . But I still have time to do a few more Youthink I  ' vegottimetorunsomemor esimulations
Simulation of cooling system? onthecoolingsystem?
I 'm still struggling with Sure , I  'mstillfiguringout the thermoacoustic expander thethermo - acousticexpander .
You guys get busy first Oh , while youdothat
I need to let the cerebrospinal fluid I amgoingtopumpcerebral spinalfluid moisten every cell in the brain to clear throughmybraincellsto removethemetabolicby - products oftheday  ' sthoughts .
What the hell? What?
It 's called sleep I should sleep I t  'scalled sleepandit  ' smybedtime .
Good night memedaN ighty - night , y  ' all .
Hey you don 't go Hey , hey , hey , you  ' renotgoing anywhere .
It 's all because of you or we don 't have a two-month deadline.
I know I was there at the time I know , I wasthere .
Then you wake me up! Well, wakeup!
We have to get used to brushing nights We  'regonnaputinalotoflat nights .
How late to brush? Howlate?
How do I know it 's midnight or one in the morning Well , I don  ' tknow , midnight , 1 : 0 0 .
One o 'clock in the morning? O neo  ' clock ?
I 'm not a night owl I 'mnotaraccoon.
If you are tired, go to drink coffee. If you  ' retired , have some coffee .
I don 't drink coffee, but you drink What?
Y o u   h a v e   s o m e   c o f f e e .
I 'm drinking! I amhavingcoffee!
You 're so cranky because of the caffeine! An ndlookhowirritableit 'smakingyou!
Stop arguing! Guys!
It 's no use arguing now. We  'renotgonnagetanything doneifwestartfighting.
Can you endure a little longer? No ow , canyoupleasetrytosold ierthrough ?

Okay Fine .

I really can 't stand it anymore I don  ' tthink I cangomuchlonger .
It 's only been three and a half minutes! You wake up! I t  ' sbeenthreeandahalfmin utes , wakeup !
* The universe was once hot and dense* * O urwholeuniverse wasina hot , densestate * * 14 billion years ago finally exploded . . . wait and see! * * T hennearly 1 4 billionyearsagoexpans ionstarted . . . W ait !*
* The earth is starting to cool down * * T he E arthbegantocool * * Autotrophs coax cavemen to invent tools * * T heautotrophsbegantodr ool , Neanderthalsdevelopedt ools * * We build the Great Wall and we build the pyramids * * W ebuiltthe W all W ebuiltthepyramids *
*Math , Science , History , unravelingthemystery *
*It all started with a big bang* *T hatallstartedwithabig bang*
The Big Bang Theory Season 10 Episode 3 - - = = Holy City Home SCG Subtitles Group http : / / hdscg . com / = = - - For translation and communication use only, commercial use prohibited Coordination: Crispy Sunshine Proofreading:
UU looking for a job
Translation: Pineapple Cake Li Xiaobao Li icht
I had a nightmare last night that my best friend became a tyrant I hadabaddreamthatmybes tfriendbecameatyrant
Forced me to stay up all night to work and forced metostayupal lnighttowork .
I had a good dream when I threw you to bed yesterday Oh, I hadagooddream that when I carriedyoutobed,
I let your head hit the wall and I laughed .
Hi Good morning Goodmorning.
What are you doing? Whatisthis?
I didn 't see you Well , wedidn  ' tseeyoulastnight , and we  ' renotgonnaseeyoutoday today , so we should have breakfast together sowethoughtwecouldhav ebreakfasttogether .
You are so virtuous Oh , thatissonice .
Ow, my head hurts! O w , itdoeshurt !
So what are you going to do today? S o , whatareyouguysgonnado today ?
This afternoon S heldon should have been Well , S heldonwassupposedtogo accompany me to this partywithmethis afternoon , but now it seems he can 't go but I don  ' tthinkthat  ' shappening .
Originally I didn 't plan to go to Oh , that wasneverhappening .
Take me there Oh, I 'llgo.
I like parties very much I likeaparty .
We 're not talking about the kind of party you think Well , tobehonest , it  ' snotlikea ' party ' party , it 's more like scientists from different fields it  'smorelikeagathering get together to discuss their work wherescientistsofdiff erentdisciplinesgetto gether
Learn more about tosharetheirworkandke epcurrent in other fields
The latest scientific research progress onwhat  ' sgoingoninotherfields .
I shouldn 't say it 's a party my pot I don  ' tknowwhy I calleditaparty , sorry .
It doesn 't matter take me there I t  ' sokay , I  ' llstillgo .
Aren 't you bored? Youdon  ' tthinkyou  ' llbebored ?
drinking and pretending to hear people say Oh , I  ' ll have somewine and list entopeople goon aboutcrap I don  ' tunderstand .
To be honest, is there any difference between this and my daily work I mean, howisitanydifferent? thaneverysingledayofm ylife?
I don 't go I won  ' tbethere .
If he doesn 't go then it 's really a party Lookatthat , itisaparty .


Sorry I have to work overtime all weekend S orry I havetoworkallweekend .
It 's okay I t  ' sokay .
Thank you for making me breakfastT hanksagainforbreakfas t .
I didn 't see you all night Well , I didn  ' tgettoseeyoulastnight .
This is all I can do. I twasheleast I coulddo .
You shouldn 't set the gate code to Youhouldn  ' thavemadethealarmcode hisbirthday .
What are we doing today? S o , what shouldwedotoday ?
Thank you very much Oh , I appreciateit , but you don 't have to stay with me all day butyoudon  ' thavetospendyourdayof fwithme .
It 's okay Well, I don  ' tmind .
By the way, do you want to go to the mall to look at baby products? Oh , youwantgottothemalland lookatbabystuff ?
Not really wanting Notreally .
Come on we can share a pretzel Oh , comeon , wecould share apretzel feel the discriminatory eyes of the conservative grandma on the roadside and getsideways glances from racistoldladies .
When I took Howard to see my grandma at Christmas I getenoughofthat when I take Howard
Howard is Jewish
Uh Oh,
By the way, why don 't we start cleaning the baby room? I know , whydon  ' twegetstartedoncleari ngoutthebaby  ' sroom ?
Would it be too early to start now? I sn  ' titalittleearlyfortha t ?
You have to gettoiteventu ally after all.
I 'm so sorry that there 's all kinds of rubbish there
How can you feel embarrassed when I 'm next to you? How canyoubeembarrassed aroundme?
When you give birth, I want to cheer you on, I  ' mgonnabeintheroomwithyouwhenyougivebirth.
I don 't think so. I don 'tthinkyouare.
You thought I wasn 't going to be in the kitchen this morning Youdidn  ' tthink I wasgonnabeinyourkitch enthismorning , look now there I am .
Hi baby P sst , hey , kid .
What? Huh, what?
You look tired Youlooktired .
How about some energy drink? W hydon  ' tyouhavean energydrink ?
Everyone drinks E veryone  ' sdoingit .
no thank you this drink has caffeine Oh , no , thankyou , thosehavecaffeineinth em .
Oh sorry Oh , sorry ,
I thought you were cool I thought you werecool .
Baby is really cool I amcool .
This is Y oo - hoo T hisis Y oo - hoo , a delicious light chocolate milk chocolatemilk  ' sdeliciouswaterycousi n .
Well A llright .
But if you want to experience what it 's like to have superpowers Butifyoueverwanttofeel like youhave superpowers , try this tryoneofthese .
Superheroes enhance their abilities by ingesting chemicals? Superheroes take performance - enhancingchemicals ?
Or you oubet .
Do you know why the Hulk is so strong? You ouknowwhy H ulkissostrong ?
Just get some steroids.
Do you know why Batman is out in the middle of the night You ouknowwhy B atmanwandersaroundatn ight Still fighting? gettingintofights ?
All thanks to the whisky Scotch .
I have a huge amount of work to do now I amfacingagreatdealofwork .
And I do prefer things that celebrities like A nd I dolikethingsbetterwhe nfamouspeoplealsolike them .
Here you are.
I ask I t  ' sonthehouse .
The first can still free? T hefirstone  ' sfree ?
how do you make money flash , how do you stay in business s ?
Want to know my secret? Youwanttoknowmysecret ?
I bought stock in Marvel. I bought stock in Marvel.
嗨   B e r t   H i ,   B e r t .
This is my friend P enny T hisismyfriend , P enny .
Hello Hi .
Hey come in Hey, comeonin.
I 'm going to play some rock music I 'llgonnagoturnonsomero ckmusic .

rock can also be translated as stone which is a geological joke T hat  ' sageologyjoke .
Bert is a geologist Bert  ' sageologist .
Still a funny little expert, Andajoker .
How early are we here? Howearlyarewe?
Oh actually, we 're an hour late. Oh, actually, we 'reanhourlate.
I suddenly wish S heldon was here. I suddenlywish S heldonwashere.
I don 't know where to start I don 'tevenknowwheretobegin.
In The Sound of Music Julie An ndrews said Well , in The S oundof Music , Julie An ndrewssays ,
We sing from the beginning ' L et  ' sstartattheverybeginning .
This is the best place to start.'
I was going to start at the end. Oh, I wasgonnastartattheend.
Thank you so much for being here T hank Godyou  ' rehere .
The first thing to throw away is your malicious toneW ell , I think the first thingwes houldgetridofisthatto ne .
Sorry Sorry.
Might as well keep this one, I should probably keep this in case it 's a daughter incasewehaveagirl.
Nice little house Oh , that  ' saniceone .
Was it your childhood toy? Wasityourswhenyouwerel ittle?
It 's M ydadbuiltitforme that my dad made for me.
Wow, it 's so heartwarming. Wow, it 's ssocute.
This is the husband this is the wife T hiswasthehusbandandth iswasthewife.
They go out on an adventure together T hey  ' dgooutonadventurestog ether .
Sailing Ski Cruises , skiing , horsebackriding .
That is I tape them to the dog T hatwasreallymejustduc ttapingthemtoourdog .
So do they have children? Oh , anddidtheyhavekids ?
Yes but as parents they don 't like their children at all Theydid , butthemommyanddaddydi dn  ' tlikethem , so they send their children to the orphanage sotheyshippedthemofft oanorphanage
I madeoutofashoebox I made out of shoeboxes.
It 's really 'reassuring' for you to say that Yeah, that  ' snotworrisomeatall .
Not every girl dreams of a mother 's dayN oteeverygirldreamsabou tbeingamom .
Sometimes you think you 're never going to have children in your lifeS ometimesyouthinkyou  ' renevergonnahavekids But one day you open your eyes and find yourself pregnant andonedayyouwakeupand you  'reregnant .
No matter how bright your career is now Anditdoesn  ' tmatterthatyourcareer  ' sgoinggreatrightnow Even you and your husband can 't go and thatyouandyourhusb andneverevengottogoan ywhere are tied to death by this dog boy! tapedtoadog !
I actually skipped spinning class because of this. I skippedspinclassforth is .
Why does it take so long for him to go to the vending machine W hyisittakinghimsolong to buy a drink? togetadrinkoutofavend ingmachine ?
This is a long story. Oh, it 's scomplicated.
He felt that the act of pushing open the small door of the retrieval port He foundspushingthatlitt ledoor and reaching into the machine had made him uncomfortable and reachingupintothem achineuncomfortablyintimate.

Gentlemen, I amreadytowork.
To quote The Martian 'Let 's do science well' Toquote T he Martian , ' L et  ' ssciencethefecesoutof this !'
I 'm talking about the book T hat 's The Martian thebook and the movie Not Marvin and The Martianthemovie, not Marvinthe Martian.
A lthoughtoquote M arvinthe Martian, 'I claim this planet'
Named Mars 'inthenameofMars.'
Are you all right? A reyouokay ?
Oh I feel so good I couldn 't say more Oh, I 'mfantastic, neverbeenbetter.
I just had my first energy drink I hadmyfirstenergydrink and I feelgreat .
Hey do you wanna wrestle? Hey, youguyswanttowrestle?
We can arm wrestling thumb wrestling mud wrestling sumo wrestling We ecandoarm , thumb , mud , sumo .
Forget it. We 're not fat enough to wear diapers.N ah , we  ' renotfatenough , orwearingdiapers .
This is Youwantedhimawake you said you wanted to wake him up.

Should we talk to each other or should we go and chat with everyone? S oshouldwetalktoeachot herormingle ?
I don 't know where everyone is going I don  ' tknowwhereeveryoneis .
Well I see Yeah, I mean,
It 's still possible for his size to eat one or two guests, I could see himeatingoneo rtwoguests, but one that eats up an entire party is still close butnotawholeparty.
Oh this party is so embarrassing Well , I guessthisiskindofabus t .
You don 't have to wait any longer for Youdon  ' thavetostay .
I 'm going to start cleaning I 'mgonnastartcleaningup.
Well Okay.
I feel so guilty about leaving him here alone. I feelobad about leaving him here.
Oh haha ​​I was just wondering what would happen if I left you and went away
Well listen to me Hey , listen ,
Can you not talk to the people at the university about today 's events? to the people at the unive rsity ?
You know because . . . Youknow ,  ' cause . . . you are you and I 'm just me is such a shame you  ' reyou and I  ' mme , andit  ' skindofembarrassing .
Wait a minute what did you mean when you just said ' you are you ' ? Wait , whatdoyoumean ' she  ' sher ' ?
You know A my is the coolest girl on campus right? Well, youknowhow A my  ' sthecoolestgirloncamp us, right?
- I don 't know- I don 't know - No o .
- No.
That 's right, everyone thinks so. O hyeah, everybodythinksso.
What? What?
You told me about athlete 's foot but you kept it a secret from me? You outellmeaboutyourfoot fungus , butthisisasecret ?
Probably because I 'm with S heldon I  ' msureit  ' sjust  ' cause I  ' mdating S heldon .
Well actually I think S heldon is so popular because he is with you M m , actually , I think S heldon  ' spopularbecausehe  ' sdatingyou .
When did S heldon become popular? No ow S heldon  ' spopular ?
What 's the situation? Whatishappening ?

Why don 't we take a break for lunch Maybeweshouldbreakforlunch .
What time is it now? What timeisit ?

According to the world 's worst cuckoo clock it 's two o 'clock. A ccording to the world 's sworstcuckooclock, it 's 2:00.
My head hurts, M yheadhurts and I 've never been so tired and I 'mmoretiredthanever.
Why don 't you go home? W hydon  ' tyoujustgohome ?
No, I can, No, I candothis.
I just need another bottle of energy drink I just , I justneedanotherenergy drink .
Oh no Oh, no.
What 's wrong? What?
I would also like to drink another bottle of I wantanotherone .
So what 's the matter? S o ?
This is drug craving T hat  ' sacraving .
It is the manifestation of drug dependence. T hat  ' sasignofchemical dependence .
You only had one bottle of Youonlyhadone .
Hey I know No , I know , but a lot of things are butplentyofthingsarea ddictive try once and get addicted afterasingleexposure .
For example cocaine nicotine and Pringles I mean , crackcocaine , nicotine , P ringles .
As long as you open a bucket and don 't finish it, you can 't stop. You ouknowonceonepopsonej ustcan  ' tstop .
Drug dependence doesn 't start so quickly Youcan 'tdevelopaproblemthatf ast.
We bet? Oh well Youwanttobet ?
Oh , great , I also started gambling addiction now I  ' maddictedtogambling .
We can 't waste time like this anymore We can  ' taffordtoloseanymoret ime .
Although it is estimated that it is useless, but someone tried Well, thisprobablywon  ' twork, buthasanyoneevertried beat him up. Is it normal to beat him? tojusthauloffandwhoopthecrazyoutofhim?
This suggestion is useless at all T hat  ' snothelpful .
It 's interesting to think about it, but it 's still useless. I t  ' sfuntothinkabout , butit  ' snothelpful .
Hey S heldon we are on a tight schedule. Hey, S heldon, weareonaserioustimecr unch.
We can 't do this without you without you.
Can you cheer up? Can youpleasepullittoge ther ?
sorry umm i must i 'm sorry.
Y e s ,   o f   c o u r s e .
Thank you Thankyou .
But if I have a caffeine withdrawal Just, please, bearwithmeif I displayssymptoms you must tolerate me ofcaffeinewithdrawal.
No problem No oworries .
It 's time for you two to take a shower. Youguysstink.
I 'm so sorry I lost my temper with you just now S orry I flippedoutonyou .
Maybe hormones are at fault I thinkit  ' sjusthormones .
you were mean before you got pregnant
So if we don 't clean the room, S o , uh , instead of cleaning outt heroom , shall we choose a theme for the nursery? whydon  ' twejustdecideonatheme fordenursery ?
Does a baby room really need a theme? Doesitreallyneedone?
Of course you need it Ofcourseitdoes .
Did your childhood room have a theme? Didn  ' tyourbabyroomhaveathe me ?
Well my childhood room was also my dad 's office Well, itdoubledasmydad ' soffice, he was a cop so I guess andhewasacop, so I guess thethemewas theme was bloodyhomicidephotos.
oh my room is a winnie the pooh themed oh .
M i n e   w a s   W i n n i e   t h e   P o o h .
But . . . Butanyway . . . why don 't we rush whydon  ' twejusttakeastepback
How about picking a color first? andstartwithacolor ?
What do you think? There are so many beautiful colors right?
T h e r e   a r e   s o   m a n y   a m a z i n g   o n e s .
Red Blue Green Purple . . . Red , blue , green , purple . . .
Do you want to pronounce the colors of the world? A reyoujustgonnanameall thecolors ?
Uh, you don 't think about it after you talk Well, notnow.
I don 't care what color the room is .
Okay I just wanted to help you O kay , well , I  ' mjusttrying to help you .
But you are doing a disservice! Well, you  ' renot , sojustdropit !
I 'm obviously angry why don 't you come after me?
I ' m   c l e a r l y   u p s e t .   W h y   a r e n ' t   y o u   f o l l o w i n g   m e ?
sorry Sorry !
S o r r y !   S o r r y !
When A my started cleaning her equipment with chromic acid And when A my started using asoluti onof chromic acid and white vinegar and whitevinegartoclea nallherlabequipment, suddenly everyone started doing allofasudden, everybodywasdoingit.
You set the trend ha! Y outrendsetter!
Just had the right idea at the right time Justtherightideaatther ighttime .
ok ok so A my great S heldon greatO kay , okay , so A my  ' scool , S heldon  ' scool .
Tell me about Leonard Who? Tell me about Leonard .
W h o ?
就 是 L e o n a r d   H o f s t a d t e r   L e o n a r d   H o f s t a d t e r .
Oh he, I think he 's pretty good Oh, him.
I   g u e s s   h e ' s   a l l   r i g h t .
Apparently he coaxed a very sexy girl to marry him Apparentlyhetrickedsom ehotgirlintomarryingh im .
That 's me I 'm that girl T hat  ' sme , I  ' mher .
He didn 't lie to me Youknow , hedidn  ' ttrickme .
He 's just chasing and I 'm tired of Hejustworemedown .
You two really should be good friends I tmakessenseyoutwoaref riends .
Sexy girls always play together I mean , hotgirls always stick to gether .
And you said it wouldn 't be an A ndyouthoughtthiswasn 'tgonnabe agreatparty.
I don 't know Youknow , I hadnoidea
Caltech is so like my high school C altechisexactly like my highschool .
Well not exactly like Well, it 'snotexactlylikeit.
We at Caltech are very smart We  ' reallextremelysmart .
Wow . . . you popular girls are so cold Wow . . . youpopulargirlsaremea n .
I 'll go get some coffee. Do you want to? I ' mgonnagetsomecoffee .
Y o u   w a n t   s o m e ?
ah you really gotta get caffeine in front of me U h , you  ' rereallygoingtohaveca ffeineinfrontofme
Ah ok let 's pretend you do have a problem U h , okay , let  ' spretendyoudohaveapro blem .
- I do have - you don 't - I do .
- Y oudon ' t .
- No I have - no you don 't! - Yeah , but I do .
- N o , youdon  ' t !
But let 's assume you have Butlet 'ssayyoudo.
Don 't say you have because you don 't! Anddon 'tsayyoudo, becauseyoudon 't!
Now don 't you think throwing yourself into the Now , wouldn  ' tyouthinkthatthrowing yourself work is the best way to solve it? intoyourworkwouldbeth ebestwaytodealwithit?
Solve what? Your problem With what?
Y o u r   p r o b l e m .
You 're not saying I 'm fine I thought I didn  ' thaveaproblem .
I am embarrassed to see T hatwaspainfultowatch .
So where are we going? So whatarewegoing ?
I don 't know I don 't know.
Well Okay.
We are like a pair of wild flowers How T helmaand Louiseofus .
R aj why don 't I care about anything? R aj , whydon  ' t I care about anything ?
What? I  ' msorry ?
This is my baby I t  ' smybaby .
I should care about nurse ies and colors I should care about nurse ies and colors , but I don 't care what 's wrong with me? and I don  ' t . . . what  ' swrongwithme ?
Maybe it has something to do with those crime scene photos you saw as a kid Well , crime - scenephotosnaryourcr ibspringtomind .
I 've been looking forward to starting to get excited I keepwaiting tofeelexci ted, but I haven 't butit ' snothappening.
What if I never get excited? Whatifitneverhappens?
Bernafdette Relax and watch Bernadette , comeon , look , you 're thinking too much, okay? you  ' reoverthinkingthis , okay ?
You 'll be a wonderful mother You ' regonnabeanamazingmom .
Even if you don 't believe E venifyoudon  ' tbelieveit ,
I know you have maternal instincts I know you havematernalin stincts .
Once I took care of my brothers O nce , I wassupposedtobabysitm ybrothers .
Our neighbors found them unclothed in the backyard
Happy and well fed H appyandwell - fed .
You see this is what I got from this story Yousee , that  ' swhat I  ' mtakingfromthatstory .
L eonard can I ask you a question Leonard , can I askyouaquestion ?
Is it your problem of I sitabouttherotational symmetries you should be figuringou t or your problem of pseudocaffeine? oryourfakecaffeinepro blem ?
H oward can I ask you a question? H oward , can I askyouaquestion ?
Can 't No o .
Well then I 'll just say A llright , I  ' lljusttossthisouttoth eroom .
Well I was thinking U m , I was thinking that thebes tway the best way to fight my dependence tofightmyaddictionisb y is for me to gradually wean off weaningmyselfoffinste ps .
I couldn 't find a caffeine patch No , I couldn 't find a caffeinepatch , but I did find one but I didfindwhatclaimstobe a thought-promoting caffeine suppository amind - boostingcaffeinesuppo sitory .
Good Yeah .
You know there 's an interesting fact about the rectum . . . Youknow , theinterestingfactabo uttherectum . . .
S heldon ah! S heldon !
Because of you, we have the Weeredealingwithanimpo ssibledeadline given by the Air Force from the Air Forcebecauseofyou.
So drink functional drinks instead of functional drinks S ohaveanenergydrink , don  ' thaveanenergydrink .
Poke you in with suppositories O rdersuppositoriesands hove  ' em I don 't care where you poke! wherever youwant , I don  ' tcare !
Not a poke of Youdon 'tshovethem.
It comes with a handy slide-in tool, Theycomewithaneasy - glideapplicator .
ok listen to me right .
L i s t e n   t o   m e .
We can 't do anything until you finish the job We can  ' tdoanythinguntilyoudo yourpart .
So get up to the whiteboard and get the job done! S ogetupinfrontofthiswh iteboardanddoit!
I can 't but you can 't.
Y e s ,   y o u   c a n .
No . . . No . . .
I can 't figure out the math I can  ' tfigureoutthemath .
I 've been trying for days I 'vebeenrackingmybrainf ordays, but I can 't think of it and I 'vegotnothing.
Are you serious? Seriously?
I can 't do it I can 'tdoit.
I 'm not as smart as I thought I 'mnotassmartas I think I am .
I 'm so sorry it 's all my fault I 'msosorry.
T h i s   i s   a l l   m y   f a u l t .
It 's alright we 'll always figure it out. It 's sokay, we 'll figure something out.
But what if we just can 't do anything? But whatifwecan  't?
It 'll be alright you 'll always figure it out.
Y o u ' l l   s e e .
Hello S heldon ? S heldon ?
Dude? Buddy?

When the baby is born When thebabygetshere , you have to teach me this trick yougottateachmethat .
Thank you so much Bert today was great T hankyousomuch , Bert .
T h i s   w a s   g r e a t .
My pleasure M ypleasure .
Do you girls want to take home a pot of Yougirlswanttotakehome two gallons of potato salad? atwo - gallontubofpotatosala d ?
Still need it, we I thinkwe  'regood .
Okay thanks for coming O kay , well , thanksforcomingby .
You are all good people You  ' renicepeople .
So are you. Seriously Well, soareyou.
I n   f a c t ,   y o u   k n o w   w h a t ?
We will never take your kindness as Wewillnevertakeyouforg ranite.
Do you hear it? Granite wants to be rock? Didyougetthat?
G r a n i t e ?
A littlegeologyjoke .
You have to go You ouneed to leave .
I 'm already in love with both of you I 'minlovewithbothofyoun ow.
Okay bye Okay .
B y e .
Uh parking U h , pullover .
What? Why? Who are you calling?
W h a t ?   W h y ?   W h o   a r e   y o u   c a l l i n g ?
You 're going to give H oward my little report, aren 't you? You  ' regonnaratmeoutto H oward , aren  ' tyou ?
You 're a whistleblower bitch no wonder I don 't like you You  ' resuchasnitch , nowonder I don  ' tlikeyou .
Hello, am I calling my dad? W hoa , I  ' mcallingmydad , okay ?
He has experience with pregnant ladies He  'sgotexperiencedealing with pregnantladies because he is a gynecologist becausehe  ' san OBGYN .
Also have the experience of getting along with the lady with snake essence disease A ndexperiencewithcrazy ladies because he married my mother because of mymom .

Hello Rajesh Hello , Rajesh .
Are you calling for money? A reyoucallingtoaskform oney ?
What? No What?
No.
Then you are calling for A reyoucallingtoaskfort hings
- Need something to spend money on? - No - thatcostmoney ? - No o .
Great What 's the matter?
G r e a t .   W h a t ' s   u p ?
This is my friend Bernadette T hisismyfriend , Bernadette .
She was pregnant and then she was a little worried about S he  ' sregnant , andshe  ' sabtworried , so I thought maybe you could talk to her so I thoughtmaybeyoucouldt alktoher .
Of course what are you worried about?
O f   c o u r s e .   W h a t   s e e m s   t o   b e   t h e   t r o u b l e ?
It just doesn 't feel right Something  ' swrong .
I don 't care at all about that little baby stuff that all other moms I don 'tcareaboutanyofthebab ystuff are especially interested in everyothermomissointo .
Honestly I 'm not even sure I like babiesH onestly , I  ' mnotevensure I like babies .
Listen, some people are born to look like babies, some people are babypeop le, and some people are born to be so affectionate with babies and some people are notba bypeople.
But that doesn 't mean you don 't love your own baby I tdoesn  ' tmeanyouwon  ' tloveyourownbaby .
But I thought I 'd be more excited But I thought I 'dbemoreexcited.
Oh, excitement doesn 't guarantee anything. Oh, beingexcitedisn ' taguaranteeofanything.
Rajesh 's mother was excited when she was pregnant with him Rajesh  ' smotherwasthrilledwhe nshewaspregnantwithhi m .
Whatever he did after he was born, his mother spoiled him A fterhewasborn , shedoteonhiseverymov e .
But do you know what happened after that? And youknowwhathappened?
He deeply broke his mother 's heart and ran to Hebrokeherheart half a world away, moved halfway around the world, and only fell in love with poor white women and dates only poor white women.
So you never know what will happen S oyouneverknow .
Thank you I feel better now Thankyou .
I   f e e l   b e t t e r   n o w .
- But I don 't feel good! - Good- I don  ' t !
-   G o o d .
Bernadette I hope you have a daughter Bernadette , I hopeyouhaveadaughter .
Alas I don 't know how to say this U m , I don  ' treallyknowhowtosayth is .
You can start with calling me 'sir' Well, you could start with 'sir'.
oh sorry sir right .
S o r r y ,   s i r .
He said that starting from the commander does not end with the commander He esaidstartwithit , notendwithit .
- Sir . . . - Huh?
-   S i r . . .   -   H m m ?
We 've hit a little peg now We 'vehitabitofasnag.
We are behind schedule We  ' realreadybehindschedu le .
The number of computations required to solve military problems thedeployabilityissues is much larger than we think aremoresignificanttha nwethought .
I know we signed a contract I understand that we  ' reundercontract , and then I don 't know very well what the consequences of breaching the contract and I don  ' tknowwhattheconsequen ces but . . . ofviolatingthatare , but , uh . . .
We  'renotgonnabeabletodel iver within the agreed deadline
It is impossible to give results inthetimewepromised.

So how long do you need? Howlongdoyouneed ?

We . . . we think . . . two years We  ' rethinking . . . twoyears .
Well A llright .
Is that so? T hat  ' sit ?
Are you okay with that? You  ' reokaywiththat ?
Do you think you are the first unpunctual Youthinkyou  'rethefirstgovernmentc ontractorgovernment contractor?whoisn 'tgonnadeliverontime?
We 're still waiting for the We 'restillwaitingforabig spacelaser ordered by President Reagan
The big cosmic laser gun was used to beat the communist gang. Reaganordered to beat the commies .
Thank you for your understanding sir T hanksforunderstanding , sir .
Yeah thank you so much Yes , thankyousomuch .
We . . . We really appreciate your understanding We . . . wereally appreciateit .
All right , pressure  ' soff
Are you watching a movie?
W annaseeamovie?
Popcorn I please Popcorn ' sonme.
