 00 : 00 : 00, 917 -- > 00 : 00 : 02, 485 Previously on " The Originals . "
 This town was my home once .
 I want it back .
 You are free .
 Go far away and never come back .
 Every werewolf will be a bundle of fur and sharp teeth tonight whilst your cursed crescent clan will be ...
 Human but only for a few hours and won 't be again until the next full moon .
 I 'm Jackson .
 You 're the wolf who 's been watching me .
 You were supposed to be my wife .
 It 's herbs ground into paste .
 On the next full moon when your people become human , feed it to them .
 The curse will be broken . Kieran , voice- over :
 I 've been hexed , and I don 't know how long I have .
 The ancestors said they 'd do horrible things to me if I misused my magic again .
 Marcellus , you are here by exiled .
 If I so much as find a trace of you , it will not end well for you . Nicely done , brother .
 You 're beginning to sound like me .

 They say the passage of time will heal all wounds ...
 Klaus , voice- over :
 But the greater the loss , the deeper the cut ...
 [ Rustling ]
 And the more difficult the process to become whole again .
 The pain may fade , but scars serve as a reminder of our suffering and make the bearer all the more resolved never to be wounded again .

 So as time moves along , we get lost in distractions , act out in frustration ...
 React with aggression ...
 Give in to anger .
 All the while , we plot and plan as we wait to grow stronger .
 Then before we even realize that so much time has passed ...
 We are healed , ready to begin anew .
 Spoken like a man who 's made peace with his demons .
 My demons are dead or chased off .
 Yes , apart from the one lingering monster with whom you share a bed .
 I trust you can find your clothing and the door .
 You do recall that ... woman tortured our sister ?
 She also revealed the truth about our sister 's treachery .
 And as a consequence , Rebekah is gone forever .
 A desire which she apparently harbored for quite some time ! Niklaus , it has been a month .
 Now I feel our sister 's loss as deeply as you , but you must stop distracting yourself with this ridiculous behavior and channel it into some kind of action .
 Why must I exactly ?
 Because over the course of Marcel 's tenure , the city grew accustomed to having a King .
 You wanted this throne .
 Now you must accept the responsibility that accompanies that .
 Apologies , but I 'm rather ensconced in other pursuits .
 If you can so easily neglect your home ,
 I wonder what will become of your daughter .
 Have you forgotten what it was like to live beneath the threat of violence ?
 We must work together , Niklaus . Let 's make this city whole again .

 Perhaps it is too broken to mend .
 If you won 't do anything , I will .
 St. Anne 's has long been neutral ground in our city , so it 's only fitting that we gather in this chamber at the behest of Elijah Mikaelson to bring harmony to this place we call home .
 Kieran :

 Thank you all for coming .
 Elijah :
 Yes , thank you , and welcome .
 These are the rules of the city according to Marcel Gerard ...
 Which of course no longer apply because I am in charge .
 You said if we came along that we would get to run things by ourselves .
 Never mentioned anything about making yourself King .
 While you were each selected to represent your own communities , and I 'll honor that .
 However , issues which arise between factions , they will come to me .
 Now we are all to some extent responsible for the current chaos in the city .
 However , you have one very , very simple choice ahead of you here .
 You can all play nicely together , or you can leave .
 Bay lavi à cette fleur .
 Bay lavi à cette fleur .
 Bay lavi à cette fleur .
 Maintenent .
 See , Davina ?
 It 's easy .
 All you have to do is try .
 I am trying .
 Trying and failing ever since you came back .
 When are you gonna stop being such a bitch to me , Monique ?
 When you stop being weak .
 You 're supposed to be a harvest girl , but maybe you don 't belong here .
 Maybe you never did .
 [ Shouting ]
 [ Music playing ]
 Shouldn 't you be out there playing fight club with the rest of the frat boys ? Nah .
 That 's just for pecking order .
 They already know who 's the Alpha .
 Ohh !
 Next up !
 [ Cheering ]
 You got to try Tucker 's ribs . Then what ?
 Then we 're gonna go play horseshoes ?
 Hey .
 Don 't mock country living , darling . This is just a lot more family fun than I 'm used to . Sorry .

 Well , maybe I can help you get used to it .
 Then all we got to do is just forget that she spent half her life with humans and the other half with vampires .

 If the runt of the litter has got something to say , he should say it . Ollie , back off .
 It 's ok .

 You know , word from the quarter is your boy Elijah 's holding some kind of power summit .
 Guess who wasn 't invited . Where did you hear this ?
 It doesn 't matter .
 The point is is that we 're stuck here living in the swamp while your vampire boyfriend 's deciding who gets what in the city , but I guess that shows how much respect he 's got for the werewolves , huh ?

 This is our city , too . We should be able to go wherever the hell we want .
 We would consider it an act of war . We 're getting nowhere .
 You vile creatures cannot agree ...
 Elijah : Father , calm yourself , please . Thank you .
 Now returning to the issue of boundaries , you will all heed to the following .
 Hayley :
 Are you serious ?
 You 're dividing up the city , and the werewolves don 't even get a say ?
 What the hell is she doing here ? Diego , sit .

 We are not dividing the city .
 We 're establishing boundaries ...
 No , Elijah !
 There is not gonna be a peace if the werewolves are excluded .
 They want a seat at the table ...
 And if they don 't get one ,
 I can guarantee that you will all regret it .
 [ All talking at once ]


 Do you have any idea what it took just to get those people in one room together ?
 No , actually , I don 't because I didn 't even know what you were doing out here until someone else told me .
 Tell me something , Elijah .
 Did you leave the werewolves out because of me ?
 I excluded them because they no longer reside in the french quarter .
 My immediate concern is to end the mounting conflict here .
 Now I can assure you once this treaty is solidified it will expand to include your people .
 And until then , I should tell them what ?
 Sit , stay , roll over ?
 I would prefer that you remove yourself from the process altogether .
 Hayley , are you absolutely certain that you shouldn 't return to the compound ?
 You think the baby belongs there ?
 You think that 's where she 'll be safe ?
 Is the bayou any better ?
 The wolves deserve a voice .
 Give them one .
 You know it 's the right thing to do .
 You should have seen your brother 's face when Hayley walked in .
 Genevieve :
 Crescent curse is broken then ?
 Do you believe this will actually work , that we can finally have some semblance of peace in this city ?
 Cami :
 I saw the light from the courtyard and took a chance that ...
 You weren 't with a half- naked psychowitch .
 Seems I gambled and lost .
 10 minutes ago , I was fully naked .
 Oh .
 Then you served your purpose .
 Don 't let me hold you up .
 You O 'Connells sure do love to piss off witches .
 Really ?
 The woman tried to blackmail me into stabbing you with the mystical knife of excruciating pain .
 Well , New Orleans breeds nothing if not strange bedfellows , but I assume you 're not here to question me on my leisure activities .
 He 's ... deteriorating .
 The pills , the meditation , they 're not working .
 His lucidity 's shrinking by the day .
 A witch did this , a witch can undo it .
 You seem supertight with Genevieve .
 Maybe you could persuade her to help .
 It won 't do any good .
 These hexes , they start with magic , but as they take root , they alter the very chemistry of the brain .
 I 'm sorry , Cami .
 The damage is done .
 I refuse to accept that , and you would , too , if you had any concept of family .
 Josh .
 Davina , what are you doing out here ?
 I would have met you anywhere you wanted .
 I mean , not anywhere Klaus or Marcel would be , which could be pretty much , you know , anywhere , but you know what I mean .
 Hey .
 You ok ?
 It 's Monique .
 She has no idea what I went through when I was dead .
 The ancestors hated me for what I did with my magic .
 I can 't just start practicing again .
 I knew I shouldn 't have trusted Marcel when he told me to go back .
 I don 't know how much more of it I can take .
 Thierry : On the outs with the witch again ?
 I got it covered .
 What was so important you dragged me all the way out here ?
 I have a proposal .
 I want you and all the guys who walked out on Klaus with you to join me .
 Rounding up an army ?
 Can 't take back the city without one .
 You have nothing .
 You have no weapons , no allies .
 You go even close to the quarter , and Elijah will kill you .
 That 's if Klaus doesn 't get you first .
 So , what , maybe I should hide out in bucktown like you ?
 I think you 're here because you don 't want to leave your home .
 I sure as hell don 't want to leave mine .
 A battle is brewing , T , and while everyone 's busy choosing sides ,
 I 'm gonna find a way to take back our city , so ...
 You with me ?
 You were always great with words , Marcel , but it 's gonna take more than a big speech this time .
 Is that really necessary ?
 The sickness , it 's ...
 It 's overtaking my inclination to forgive , replacing it with one thought that I could barely contain at the summit ...
 " Kill every last one of them . "
 We 'll figure it out .
 I tried to figure it out with Sean , but I was focused too much on that instead of trying to stop him , and I 'm not ...
 I 'm not gonna let that happen to me .
 You 're an O 'Connell .
 They are going to ask you to take my place at the table .
 Don 't .
 Just leave .
 Just start over .
 I 'm not going anywhere as long as there 's still a chance .
 How many times do I have to tell you I can 't be fixed ?
 And how many times do I have to tell you I will not stop trying ?
 That is just stubbornness like ... like when you were a little girl .
 You always had to be right .
 You ... you ... you never listened .
 Just that thick head of yours .
 I prayed for you .
 And I got no answer .
 There is only blackness .
 There is only death .
 There 's mine ...
 And yours .
 Aah !
 Aah !
 No , no , no !

 Unh !
 [ Panting ]
 [ Music playing ]
 Mr. Mikaelson .
 Ms. Correa .
 Please call me Francesca .
 We can dispense with any formalities , Ms. Correa .
 I know exactly who you are .
 You own the palace royale casino , you 're one of the city 's leading philanthropists , and according to my sources , you 're the matriarch to a rather sizeable drug trafficking empire .

 So why am I here ?
 Whatever you may think of me , my family 's been a part of the human faction for years , which makes me uniquely qualified to take father Kieran 's place .
 You 'll deal with me from now on .
 Are you giving me a mandate ?
 No .
 Heh heh heh .
 I 'm giving you an ally .
 I want peace just as much as you do .
 My lifestyle , which I enjoy very much , depends on it .
 Yes , I can see you 're highly motivated .
 You know , I should mention ,
 I 've already spoken to the city 's new mayor and the chief of police and other ...
 Interested parties , and I have their blessing .
 I think you 'll find it beneficial to have me on your side , even if it 's just to prevent my less civil brethren from lashing out in ways that could prove painful to you .
 Have a good night .

 Not a fan of cerulean blue ?
 Not a fan of your continued indifference .
 Well , it 's difficult trying to unite a community that has a history of mutual loathing .
 Spare me the platitudes , Niklaus . A perspective then .
 If you want peace , you must begin with the werewolves .
 100 years ago , they had a run at ruling this city .
 As of late , all they 've had is time to watch their enemies tear down that legacy .
 All the more reason why their enemies are reluctant to bring them to the table .
 Take a page from Bienville , brother . If the table 's the obstacle , remove it .
 Do you recall in 1720 the Governor 's desperation to secure our help to build the cities first levees ?
 We sat with him and refused his offer , and so he plied us with wine , with corseted women , and with raucous camaraderie until he had his yes .
 Are you suggesting that I throw a party ?
 [ Music playing ]
 Woman :
 Laissez les bon temps roulez !
 I 'm impressed , brother .
 Yes . Now if I can just keep them from tearing one another to shreds .
 Well , then for your sake , here 's to a spectacularly boring evening .
 What 's up , little man ?
 He 's not even worth it .
 Since you 're preoccupied , I 'll intuit your flattering compliment .
 Thank you .
 I think I look stunning , too .
 I trust you 've spent as much time fortifying alliances as you clearly have selecting that dress .
 So you do notice me .
 And , yes , I 've already settled the dispute over the docks , I pacified the witches with an increased share in cemetery tours , and I 've given the crescents a welcome back to humanity gift in the form of $100 chips to my casino .
 So I think I deserve some champagne , don 't you ?
 Ahh .
 You know , in light of Kieran 's deteriorating condition , the others have acquiesced to your proposal .
 You will represent the human faction until he 's ready to resume .
 Then I suggest we make the most of our limited time together .
 [ Gasps ]
 God . Look .
 If you expect me to beg for my life , that 's not me anymore .
 You think I 'm here to kill you ?
 I 'm here about Davina .
 You heard about the summit .
 If it falls apart , each faction 's gonna look for leverage against the other ones .
 Davina has to be able to defend herself , even from her own people if need be .
 She has to start doing magic again .
 Why are you telling me ?
 Because someone has to tell her , and she won 't listen to me .
 So , what , I tell her , and you try to get her back on your side , right , go back to using her as your personal weapon ?
 I don 't care whose side she ends up on , just that she 's safe because we both know right now she isn 't .
 [ Music playing ]

 Elijah :
 Diego .
 You will be polite and welcoming .
 Yeah .
 See , his people killed my whole family .
 My sister bled out on the floor right next to me .
 The only reason I 'm standing here is because Marcel came along and turned me before I bled out , too .
 So I 'm telling you right now
 I cannot be polite and welcoming to that .
 Diego , I understand your anger .
 However , there are certain overtures that need to be made if we are to find a degree of peace .

 Welcome to my home .
 I wouldn 't be here if Hayley hadn 't forced the issue .
 It 's rather unlikely that you 'll experience an outpouring of kind sentiment here .
 Yes .
 The vampires in particular view you as ...
 Well , barbaric . Hayley tells me that this peace treaty is important to you .

 Yes , it certainly is .
 So much so , in fact , that if anyone threatened to dismantle what I 'm building here ,
 I 'd destroy everything they hold dear . Have a wonderful evening .
 Looking for your shrink ?
 Don 't tell me you 're jealous of Cami , luv .
 Just curious why you 'd seek her company .
 She seems so ... ordinary .
 Well , sometimes , ordinary is a welcome respite .
 I thought I was your respite .
 Well , you are .
 You are .
 Promise me not another thought about Cami .
 Heh .
 I 'm so glad you accepted my invitation .
 So is this where the great Klaus Mikaelson says something poignant and snaps my neck ?
 I 'm not here to kill you .
 I 'm here to offer you a gift .
 Out of the kindness of your vampire heart ?
 Our hearts are more similar than you might realize .
 You see , long before I evolved , mine beat as a werewolf .
 I know your power .
 I know your burden .
 I 'm here to take the latter away .
 You want to make me a hybrid .
 I put my pack first , and I 'm not gonna let anything compromise my family line , especially becoming some bloodthirsty vampire parasite .
 That pride ...
 That sense of loyalty , well , that 's exactly why I haven 't snapped your neck yet .
 Well , if you 're not gonna kill me , then what the hell do you want ? Only to give you back the city that was taken from you .

 How was that for poignant ?

 Why would I trust someone who 's conspiring behind his own brother 's back ?
 I 'm not trying to undermine Elijah 's venture .
 I 'm supporting his vision .
 Vampires destroy life to survive , witches are only as powerful as their dead , but the werewolves have thrived because their strength comes from family unity .
 The safety of that unity is what I want for my unborn child .
 The painful truth is vampires are the antithesis of unity .
 So , what , after a thousand years , you 're finally ready to embrace the other half of your family tree ?
 Maybe the other half doesn 't want you .
 Oh , they will once they return to the quarter .
 You got a plan to back that up ?
 My mother was a very powerful witch .
 I watched her craft all manner of magical items , but her most prized possession was this ring .
 I hadn 't seen it for 1, 000 years , and then it turned up hanging around the neck of a werewolf , a direct descendant of my biological father .
 I believe she gave him this ring as a way of freeing him .
 How so ?
 Daylight rings shield vampires from the sun , so why not a moonlight ring to protect werewolves from the curse ?
 Think about it ...
 No more breaking bones , no more losing control to the beast within .

 What do I have to do ?
 [ Music playing ]
 Hey .

 You look , um ...
 Nervous , out of place , short in this dress ?
 I was gonna say pretty . I 'm Oliver .
 So what 's the name of the girl I 'm about to ask to dance ?
 Her name is Monique .
 [ Sighs ]

 Would you care to dance ?

 You outdid yourself .
 You even got Klaus to come out and play .
 Yes .
 It seems that only a sizeable soiree is enough to tear my brother away from his efforts at the easel .
 That 's never a good sign .
 Klaus once told me that his painting was a metaphor for control , for achieving his vision through sheer force of will .
 Well , trustfully , I 'd be shocked if he didn 't have at least a dozen or so of those visions swarming around in that insidious skull of his .
 I do hope your daughter inherits her mother 's ...
 Everything .

 It is weird being back here .
 Not unpleasant I hope .
 Not entirely . Are you entirely sure you shouldn 't be here with us ?

 Why , Elijah ?
 Because you don 't think it 's safe in big , bad wolf country ?
 I 'm not gonna sit in a rocking chair and knit booties , or haven 't you figured that out yet ?
 Can I have a minute , Hayley ?
 You can have it later .
 Actually , he can have this dance .

 Everything all right ?
 Yeah . Fine .
 We were just discussing the future of the city .
 How can you be thinking about the city right now ?
 I should have told you how beautiful you look tonight .

 Easy .
 Easy .
 Julep minus the sugar and mint ?
 Hey .
 I just saw Kieran .
 He 's not gonna hurt you again . In fact , he won 't leave the attic at all .
 I arranged for a little boundary spell .
 You got a witch to help you ?
 I thought they hated you .
 For you , I found one who doesn 't . Hey .

 What 's wrong ?
 Nothing . You 're the first person to help me in a month .

 Kieran 's the only family I have left .
 Without him , I 'm alone .
 Yeah . Yeah .
 I 'm a little short on family myself these days . Hey .
 If there 's anything I can do , Cami , just ... just let me know .
 There is one thing .
 We 're out of bourbon .

 [ Music playing ]
 Hey , wolf boy . Should have had them put it in a bowl for you .

 Well , yeah , if you want me to crush your skull with it .
 Please , boys .
 At least fight over something interesting ... Me perhaps ?
 Naw . You don 't want to get involved with his kind .
 See , they got this nasty little habit of going berserk and ripping innocent people to shreds .
 No , no , no . Ok . Look .
 If my people wronged you in any way , you have my condolences , ok ?
 Though I 'd be surprised my kin could choke them down , being half as ugly as him .

 This ends now .
 I won 't ask again .
 Jackson :
 Oh , we 'll end it all right .

 Hayley : What 's stopping you ?
 Kill him .



 Go ahead , Elijah .
 Do it .
 I mean , it 's not like he doesn 't deserve to die .
 Shouldn 't you intervene or something ? Why would I ?
 This party just got interesting .
 I mean , it was Oliver who handed Rebekah over to the witches so they could torture her , but then again , wasn 't it Diego who led a werewolf massacre last month ?

 And the witches cursed the wolves , while the humans stood back and let it all happen , so when you think about it , everyone here deserves to die .
 Are approaching a point ?
 My point , Elijah , is this .
 If we can 't all learn to get along , if our families can 't create some sort of community , then what 's the point ?
 Kill each other and get it all over with .


 Josh :
 You know , I 've only gotten roses once in my life .
 Didn 't even get to keep them . Why not ?
 My first boyfriend , my only boyfriend really , gave them to me for Valentine 's Day senior year .
 Tried to hide them in my bedroom , but my parents found them .
 You may not know it , but roses will jam even the best paper shredders .
 You know , I don 't have a home to go home to or a family to go home to .
 I used to hate myself for that , but the thing is ,
 I don 't really care what they think anymore .
 If your family doesn 't like you the way you are , screw them .
 You got me and Cami , even Marcel if you want .
 Marcel used me .
 He used you to fight the people who were trying to kill you , and , you know , he also saved you from those people , so ...
 You don 't have to trust the guy , but he does love you .
 And P. S. , so do I.
 Even if I don 't have any magic ?
 All the power I had was from the other harvest girls .
 I don 't even know what I have without it .
 Don 't you owe it to yourself to find out ?

 You 're a witch , Davina .
 You can 't change your DNA any more than I can , so you might as well embrace it .
 Bay lavi à cette fleur .
 Bay lavi à cette fleur .
 Bay lavi à cette fleur .
 Bay lavi à cette fleur .
 Bay lavi à cette fleur .
 Maintenent .
 Ohh .
 Ha ha ha !
 Ha ha ha ! Ha ha !
 Ow !
 Oh ! Oh , oh , oh . Ha ha !
 You ok ?
 Yeah .
 Just some bruises .
 I 'm still bruised . Oh !
 " Bruise " is such a funny word . It sounds like " booze . "
 Do we have any more booze ?
 Uh , no .
 I think we drank it all . Oh .
 You 're a good friend , Marcel .
 You should lie down .
 I 'm tired of being alone .
 I am , too .



 Not that that wasn 't totally worth it , but it can never happen again .
 What if one of us craves another julep ?


 For whatever reason , Klaus trusts me , and you 're the person he probably hates most right now .
 He 'd see it as a betrayal .
 That wouldn 't be good for either of us .


 Marcel ...
 It really was totally worth it .
 Yeah , it was .
 [ Music playing ]


 You said I had nothing .
 You were wrong .
 I have the same thing I had when I rebuilt this city from the ashes the first time ...
 Everything to gain and nothing to lose .
 I 'm making inroads , allies , not the least of which is Davina , and I 'm not leaving this roof until I can count you in , too .
 Besides , let 's be honest , T ,
 I 'm all you got .
 I know those vampires , they didn 't just leave the compound .
 They left New Orleans .

 So us against the world ?
 We 'll get a third and a fourth , and pretty soon , we 're gonna have that army .



 Klaus , voice- over :
 All change begins with a plan ...

 The success of which depends upon several things ...

 Depth of commitment ...
 Passion for one 's cause ...



 Hey !
 To Hayley ! To Hayley !
 Willingness to embrace a new path ...

 Determination to overcome any obstacle ...
 And in some cases , even making unnatural alliances .
 You made a deal with Klaus Mikaelson ?
 I 'd rather turn every full moon .
 If Klaus is right , this magic could do more than just stop us from turning .

 We could finally control what we are .
 We could draw on all the strength , all the speed , the raw power of our werewolf form .
 Our bite would be lethal to vampires 24/ 7 .
 The humans who hunt us , the witches who curse us , the vampires who hate us , we wouldn 't just be their equals .

 We 'd be their superiors .



 Sign it .
 Why ?
 You 've already done so on our behalf .
 Brother , I 'm not a fool .
 It 's clear to me you 're not as disinterested as you 'd like me to believe .
 Sign , please .
 If there is no peace between us , then how can you expect others to follow suit ?
 Fine . If it will make you happy ...
 But I assure you this city 's inhabitants will not adhere to this agreement .
 Well , you are welcome to wager against me .
 You will lose .
 We 'll see .
