 Previously on " The Originals " ...
 This town was my home once .
 I want it back .
 The city grew accustomed to having a King .
 You wanted this throne .
 If you won 't do anything , I will .
 Kieran 's the only family I have left .
 I 'm tired of being alone .

 You 're supposed to be a harvest girl , but maybe you don 't belong here . A battle is brewing , T.
 While everyone 's busy choosing sides ,
 I 'm gonna find a way to take back our city .
 Daylight rings shield vampires from the sun , so why not a moonlight ring to protect werewolves from the curse ?
 You made a deal with Klaus Mikaelson ?
 We could finally control what we are .
 The humans who hunt us , the witches who curse us , the vampires who hate us , we wouldn 't just be their equals .
 We 'd be their superiors .

 You 're up early . After the night we had , I expected you to sleep in .
 Yes , well , morning sun offers the best light .
 Hold still .
 I 'm almost finished .

 In my last life , I was far too modest if I was in the nude . Well , then consider yourself much improved .
 Modesty is for the weak .

 Well , are you gonna show me ? The painting is a gift .
 A token to honor our pact .
 Our pact ?
 We had such a lovely night and now I see it was all a means to an end .
 A rather delicious means to a mutually beneficial end .
 Tell me .
 Beyond the pleasures of last night and the promise of what I 'm sure is an exquisite painting , what exactly would a french quarter witch gain from aligning with you ?
 Well , the treaty my dear brother negotiated between the warring factions of this city , the one that you yourself signed .

 No doubt everyone means well , but this is after all ...
 Still the french quarter ?
 A borough rife with natural enemies .
 What you and your witches need is the protection only I can provide .
 No one ... not vampires , not werewolves , not even my brother will dare trifle with you if I am on your side .
 And in exchange ...
 I am to offer you what , exactly ?
 All I ask is for the promise of your allegiance .
 One never knows when a powerful witch might come in handy . Well , then .
 [ Women chanting in french ]
 Aah !
 Sine la quatrieme puella leve , comme Genevieve ceciderit .
 Sine la quatrieme puella leve , comme Genevieve ceciderit .
 Monique , are you ok ?
 Monique , you sounded like you were possessed .
 I wasn 't possessed . I was channeling the ancestors .
 They say it 's time to complete the reaping .
 To do that , the fourth harvest girl must be resurrected , which means ... it 's time for Genevieve to die .
 [ Drill whirring ]
 Enough with all the racket ! Is there a problem , brother ?
 Gentlemen , please .
 I agreed to a general sprucing up , not a bloody 3- ring circus .
 Marcel and his minions abused our home for the better part of a century .
 Now , you might be content to live in squalor .
 I 'm not . I agree with your brother .

 It 's a new era in the french quarter .
 This place could use a makeover .
 Careful , Elijah .
 When this one agrees with you , it 's a sure sign she wants something .
 Actually ...
 I do have a request .
 I 'm told our coven hasn 't been able to celebrate feast days in the open since Marcel restricted the use of magic .
 Now with the new peace , I 'd like that to change . Am I to assume that you have a certain feast day in mind ?
 The fete des benedictions .
 Feast of the blessings .
 In the past , members of the community offered witches gifts in exchange for blessings .
 We 'd like to use it as a forum for introducing our young harvest girls to society .
 So your coven attempted to destroy my family and you yourself held my siblings in unspeakable torment .
 And you would like a party for the witches . [ Klaus chuckles ]
 I made my amends with your brother .

 Why don 't you think it over ?

 Oh , don 't be such a stiff , Elijah . The tourists love a good festival .
 Besides , what better way to cement the solidarity than a show of faith toward a onetime enemy ?
 A onetime enemy with whom you 've grown rather nauseatingly intimate .
 Who said maintaining alliances can 't be fun ?
 One would think you 'd be a little more interested in attending to the needs of the mother of your child .
 So she 's the reason behind this oh- so- thoughtful renovation . Elijah , the truth is the mother of my child is werewolf royalty .
 She 's far safer in the bayou with her pack than she would ever be here with us .
 Don 't worry .
 I 'll bring her home before the birth .
 No child of mine will be born in a swamp .
 Hayley : You 've gotta be kidding me .
 Seriously , what is going on ?
 Who are all these people ?
 Why are they standing out here all weird and lurky ?
 They 've come from all over .
 All the packs . Why ?
 To see a baby that isn 't even born yet ?
 Forget the baby .
 These freaks , they come here to see you .
 You know , given the place your parents held in pack hierarchy , maybe they think you 're gonna be the long- lost werewolf messiah or something . Oliver :



 Great .
 No pressure or anything .
 [ Telephone ringing ]
 Hello ?
 Oliver .
 I trust you have an update on the matter we discussed .
 Yeah , um ...
 About that .
 We got wolves coming in by the truckload right now , so it 's gonna be a little tricky to find us one guy .
 I mean , all you gave me was a first name .
 Yes . His name is Cary .
 He 's got blond hair and blue eyes .
 He 's one of my clan ...
 A distant relative from the northeast Atlantic pack .
 His presence is required if we are to continue with our plan .
 You find him and you bring him to me . All right , fine .
 I 'm on it .
 Another thing ... my brother will soon invite you to a feast honoring the witches .
 You and your friends will graciously accept the invitation .
 Why the hell would I do that ?
 Because if Elijah believes his treaty is working , he 'll be less inclined to get in my way .
 [ Music playing ]

 What do you want ?
 I formed an alliance with someone who may be able to help your uncle .
 Let me guess .
 Tall , redhead , axe to grind ?
 Those resurrected witches are the ones who hexed Kieran in the first place .
 Why would she want to help ?
 Because it 's my decree that she does .

 I believe the words you 're looking for are " thank you . "
 By all means , say no if you have an alternative .
 No .

 Wait .

 Do whatever you have to do .
 Just help him .

 Thierry :
 You wanted me to keep an eye on Klaus .
 I did . If you ask me , this is a good thing .
 Him fawning all over a girl you 've got wrapped around your finger helps us .
 I don 't want Cami getting hurt .
 She 's already got witches spying on her .
 Do you have any idea what Klaus is gonna do when he finds out that we hooked up ?
 Not my problem .
 The thing we need to worry about is what his hybrid ass is up to .
 He 's got something going on with the witches , and he 's doing it behind Elijah 's back .
 Whatever he 's up to , if I can find proof ...
 Oh , you 'll what ? You 're gonna rat him out to his older brother ?
 You 're gonna turn them against each other ?
 You 're exiled from the quarter .
 Elijah even smells you coming and you 're dead .
 You don 't know them like I do .
 They 're half turned against each other already .
 1, 000 years of family drama , pride , guilt , envy , all built up like a powder keg .
 All you have to do is light a match .
 Then where do we buy matches ?

 Look around , Marcel .
 We have nothing .
 I started with nothing .

 Hell , things didn 't get rolling until I turned you .
 You and your music and the whole city for the taking . Those were the days , T.
 Let 's go get them back .

 And who put you in charge ? I communed with the ancestors .
 They said it 's time for you to sacrifice yourself .

 Of course .
 It will be an honor to fulfill my duty to our coven .
 But it 's not quite my time yet . The ancestors were very clear .
 We need for you to die so our community can have the full power of the harvest .
 Careful , Monique .
 Not so long ago , I was one of those ancestors .
 A spirit forced to watch as little by little , witches surrendered everything to vampires .

 We may no longer live under Marcel 's thumb , but I for one don 't particularly enjoy answering to Elijah , either .
 Before I take my leave , I 'd like to ensure that you have the power to control your own fate .
 The Mikaelsons ' mother Esther was a powerful witch .
 Her spellbook contains enchantments that we can use to our own ends .
 I can steal it for our coven and we 'll never be held in subjugation again .

 You 'll have your sacrifice ...
 But I have things to do before I die .
 You want us to go to a witch event on bended knee and give them a gift ?
 I 'm sorry , but I just remembered .
 We 're busy doing just about anything else that night .
 Diego , this isn 't a request .
 Your name is on that treaty .
 Now , if you have any difficulty whatsoever with your newfound position , I 'd be more than willing to remove you .
 I never thought I 'd see the day .
 Vampires bowing down to witches . I see it as a demonstration of strength ...
 Acknowledging a lesser faction .
 But you 're not asking , are you ?
 I see it 's true what they say about you , Elijah .
 You make even strong- arming seem noble .

 Well ...
 The tourists do eat this stuff up .
 Can you imagine what they 'd think if they suddenly found out it was all real ?
 I take it you want me at the public show and the private party afterward ?
 That is correct .
 I 'd be happy to attend .
 And in return , you will owe the humans a favor .
 Your people are uniquely poised to set an example for the rest of the french quarter .
 Elijah : Which is why it 's important for the wolves to attend .
 Thanks but no thanks ?
 Let 's hear the man out . The witches are the ones that cursed your pack .
 And they 've been nothing but crap to me since I first came to town .
 No .
 We 're not going .
 It 's a new day in the quarter , Hayley .
 I agree with Oliver .
 If we 're gonna coexist , we have to play ball .
 We 'll send a representative with a gift .
 That was too easy .
 Don 't trust him .
 Don 't trust any of them .
 Oliver : You don 't stop squirming ,
 I don 't care who you know , I 'm gonna kneecap you right here .
 When I asked you to bring Cary to me , it was as my guest .
 Might I recommend you release him before I opt to release you from your mortal coil .
 I found him like you asked and he jumped me .
 Now , his pack 's been going at mine since the beginning of time I don 't owe him a thing .
 You see , it 's that shortsighted attitude that led to the demise of the werewolves .
 I 'm pretty sure Marcel and the witches did that .
 The packs should have been united .
 Marcel saw that weakness and he exploited it .
 If you seek to rebuild with only the crescents , you may as well stay in your hovels in the bog .
 I don 't believe we 've had the pleasure of an introduction .
 Legele says you 're descended from our line .
 The legends are true . Come here . I understand that this ring was passed down through generations of our family .

 I need to know what stone it housed .
 I never saw it with a stone . Could you ask around for me , mate ?

 Hmm ? See what you can find out .
 Diego :
 You can 't just start a revolution all on your own from exile across the river .
 I mean , like it or not , Elijah 's plan is the new reality .
 Elijah 's got you bowing down to witches . How long until you 're kowtowing to werewolves ?
 Right .
 And who 's gonna lead this rebellion , huh ?
 You ?
 I got a few ideas .
 I remember the last time I stood with you against an original .
 Didn 't go so well . All we gotta do is show that we won 't bow down .
 Make enough noise , they 'll leave .
 I figure we can be a lot louder if we 're in it together .
 Look , Elijah Mikaelson 's a dick , no doubt .
 Thing is , with him at least I know where I stand .
 Marcel : Do you ? We 've been watching Klaus .
 Making deals with witches , holding secret meetings with werewolves .
 You can 't trust these people .
 You 're the one who picked up Klaus ' coin .
 You , Marcel . Maybe T 's got a short you 're the one who memory , but I don 't .
 You 're a coward .
 Thierry :
 Hey , whoa , whoa , whoa !
 When I picked up that coin , I was saving your ass .
 Klaus was gonna kill all of you . A good leader knows when he 's gotta fight another day .
 Now that day 's here .
 I 'm ready .
 You gonna fight with me ? With what ?
 Huh ?
 Look around . All you got is Thierry and a whole bunch of talk .
 You guys don 't seem to get it .
 You lost , all right ? I picked the winning side , so if you want to start a war ...
 You 're fighting against me .
 Time we got more persuasive .
 [ Door creaks ]
 What is this ?
 High School ?
 Why don 't you take the hint and mind your own business ?
 This is my pack .
 That makes it my business .
 Jackson :
 No need to get all riled up .
 It 's not good for you , Hayley .
 I have tried no need to get to play nice .
 The last month of pregnancy is all hormones and mood swings , so unless you want me to snap your arm like a twig ,
 I suggest that you tell me what is going on .
 Oliver : You can go to hell .
 Jackson : Knock it off .
 There 's no reason to keep it from her .
 I can think of a reason . Tall and immortal and wears a pocket scarf .
 Uhh ! Hayley , you 're one of us .
 You deserve to know .
 Go on .
 We made an alliance ...
 That 's gonna change everything for the wolves .
 An alliance with who ? Klaus .
 Tell me everything .
 You came all this way to beg for some human 's life ?
 Father Kieran 's time is running out and he has been an ally to me .
 Your ally , and Cami 's uncle .
 Sorry .
 As I 've already said , there 's no way to undo that hex .
 Oh , come on .
 You and I both know there 's always a loophole .
 Not for this .
 At least not among my people .
 Although I do wonder .
 Your mother was powerful .
 She would have had access to all manner of spells .
 Perhaps I could take a look through her grimoire .
 You want to use father Kieran 's ailment as an excuse to look through my mother 's spellbook .
 Very devious . Come on .
 The grimoire is worthless to you .
 But with its power , I could solidify my place in the coven .
 No , I 'm sorry , love . It 's bad enough my mother 's power was consecrated with your ancestors .
 The last thing I need is for you to get a look at an entire book of her dirty , little tricks .
 That 's unfortunate .
 Particularly for poor father Kieran .
 I guess you 'll be the one to tell Cami .
 You think you have leverage over me ?
 I will not be manipulated .
 [ Whispering indistinctly ]
 [ Groaning ]
 And I won 't be threatened .
 So , between the two of us , we each know where we stand .
 As long as we can retain that mutual respect ,
 I don 't see a need for any further demonstrations of power .
 Don 't call me again .
 [ Music playing ]
 [ Crowd cheering ]

 It 's time .
 Klaus will be at the event , which means the compound will be empty .
 You know what to do .
 Now , in accordance with the fete des benedictions , the witches of New Orleans bless you all .
 [ Crowd cheering ]


 Klaus :
 A little too easy , isn 't it ?
 I 've been expecting you .
 You 're late .
 [ Music playing ]

 Davina .

 Elijah . It 's lovely to see you .
 And under far better circumstances .
 Is it ?
 My friend Tim is still dead and your brother 's still breathing .
 Davina , that 's enough . Elijah has been a patron to us this evening .
 We will show him respect .


 Thank you for all of this . This isn 't for you .
 You know as well as I that your people would never accept a truce unless we showed them some respect .
 So be it .
 Enjoy your party .

 Strange .
 I thought you 'd be in the company of your colorful friends . You asked for a representative for the werewolves , so ... take me or leave me . Oh .


 Is something wrong ?
 These people came to praise witches .
 What has she done to prove herself worthy ?
 She 's a harvest girl . Like you .
 Our power is a gift from the ancestors .
 I 've had to make sacrifices to honor that gift .

 I lost my mother .
 My aunt . Davina has done nothing but stand against us .
 She just needs a little lesson .
 If there 's one thing I 'm good at , it 's putting people in their place .
 [ Clinking ]
 Welcome .
 As is our time- honored tradition , you are all welcome to deliver your offerings .
 It is our custom that no one should be turned away , no blessing be denied .

 Cami :
 Do you get any gifts ?
 What are you doing here ?
 Technically , I 'm crashing , but it 's you I came to see .
 Don 't worry , I just want to say my piece and then I 'll leave .
 Here .
 And what is this ?
 An offering , from me .
 I know we have no reason to like each other , but I want to honor what Elijah has built .
 What my uncle worked for .
 Oh . So this is about your uncle .
 Like I said , I know you have no reason to help me , but Klaus said a long time ago , you were cheated out of life , and if I can 't help him , if you can 't help him , neither will he .
 And so I 'm asking you ... please .


 Klaus said you were from this era .
 And I thought with your red hair ...
 I had one just like this .
 Perhaps I can help you .
 [ Music playing ]


 Josh .
 What are you doing here ?
 What , are you kidding ? No way I 'd miss out on your big day .
 Besides , music , wind , fire ...
 The club kid in me is , like , in heaven .
 You don 't look like you 're having much fun , though .
 Hey .
 Come on .
 Let 's get out of here . Joshua .
 What a fortunate coincidence finding you here .
 We have unfinished business .


 You need to leave here .
 Right now .
 Now , to be fair , you 're not quite as powerful as you once were , are you ?
 You 're in no position to give orders .
 Come along , lad . Hey , can we talk about this ? Davina :
 Josh !
 Klaus : Ladies and gentlemen , may I have your attention , please .
 We are gathered here today to pay homage to our beloved witches , but one very special witch has been utterly ignored .
 Klaus :
 That seems a little unfair to me .

 No .
 I don 't want your gift .
 I understand why you would reject me , given our past in truth , many of us here today have been wronged in the conflict which my brother 's treaty ended .
 Your friend Josh was involved in a plot to kill me .
 It would be well within my right to execute him here and now .
 But .
 In the spirit of solidarity , and for your favor , Davina , I hereby pardon him .
 Josh ... from this day forward , you have nothing to fear from me .
 Please .
 [ Music playing ]

 So are you gonna open it ?



 What ?
 What is it ?
 It 's the spell that makes daylight rings .

 I hear you made quite an impression with the wolves .

 My arrangement with them was supposed to be a secret , and yet you forced it out of them .
 It 's very bold .
 As was your decision to represent them here today , on your own .
 I trust you 'll do nothing to harm our cause .
 Are you really gonna go behind Elijah 's back ?
 What difference does it make to you as long as your people benefit ?
 If I find out that you are playing some game , trying to manipulate us for one of your schemes ...
 You know , you 've come a long way , little wolf .
 I knew you were tough , I knew you were cunning , but I never knew you were a queen .
 [ Playing ]

 Happy fete des benedictions .
 We have a message for all of you from Marcel Gerard .
 [ Crowd murmuring ]


 Control yourselves .
 This is a vulgar trick .
 We do not violate our agreement .
 [ Shouting ]

 Hey !




 - Elijah ?
 - Elijah :
 Hayley .
 It 's okay .
 It 's all right .







 Thierry :
 Blood on the walls . Pile of bodies . All in all , I 'd say message received .
 Did you get Davina out first ?
 As planned , Josh took care of Davina .
 I made sure the other harvest girls got out in the clear .
 That was just the warning shot .
 Now we double down .
 Man :
 Marcel ! Aah !


 I.
 And yet still you return to the french quarter .
 You gonna kill me , Elijah ?
 Go ahead .
 But then you won 't know what Klaus has got going with that witch in his pocket .
 Oh , whatever shall I do ?
 I suppose I could just ask him . Yeah .
 Make sure he tells you all about the secret meetings with the werewolves .
 That is , if he 's still speaking to you once he knows that you killed me .
 Do you not know me ?
 [ Groaning ]

 For your violation .

 No .
 No , no .
 You live ... or you die according to my will .
 Try to remember that .

 [ Crying ]

 You left without my offering .
 Your vampires ruined my party . Oh , they 're not my vampires anymore , love .
 Although Marcel certainly took a page out of my book of dramatic effect .
 Look , I owed Davina some consolation because I killed her first love .

 I do try to make up for my wrongdoings .
 As with our little quarrel earlier .
 So .
 Here .

 I picked it out earlier tonight .
 A friend of yours gave me a hand . And what friend was that ? Well , open it .
 See for yourself .
 Did you really think I would leave my mother 's grimoire unprotected ?
 A century ago , I dreamed of what it would be like to know you .
 Now I 'm glad I didn 't .
 I might have been naive enough to fall for you , or fear you , but I learned a lot in death , and trust me , Klaus Mikaelson :
 It 's you who should be afraid of me .

 Pity . I will miss the sex .
 Your friend Cami showed up tonight .
 Her offering was quite sweet .
 So I gave her hope that I would lift Kieran 's hex , but there is no hope .
 Or if there was , there isn 't now .
 If the priest dies , then believe me , you will follow swiftly after him .
 [ Chuckles ]
 It would be foolish of you to kill me , a potential ally , in defense of some powerless human who is , by the way , sleeping with your enemy ...

 Marcel .
 Hayley : I 've learned my lesson .
 At first I was against your plan .
 I thought that we should just live with Elijah 's treaty , but after that party , those innocent people .
 There will never be a peace .
 The weak will always be at the mercy of whoever is calling the shots .
 It 's survival of the fittest .
 We need to protect ourselves .
 And we ... we need to protect each other .


 We need to use Klaus ' help while he 's still willing to give it . But Jackson ...
 From now on , you have to tell me everything .
 And no matter what ...
 We do not trust Klaus .

 Well , I see that you 've already avenged the little wolf .

 But judging by your look , you 're still out for blood .
 If the definition of insanity is doing the same thing repeatedly and expecting different results , then surely my quest for your salvation ranks me as one of the maddest of men .
 Come on , then .
 What horrible deed has the bastard done this time ?
 Do you know , in the past , I actually appreciated the methods to your manipulations .
 However , now here we are , poised on the brink of a new era which will benefit not only your home but your child , and you go behind my back to conspire with wolves .
 Conspire is hardly the word I would use for a family council .
 Lest you forget , Elijah , they are my family as much as any Mikaelson ...
 A name , in truth , I cannot even call my own .
 How casually you disavow 1, 000 years of allegiance towards you .
 And now that I 've found the remnants of my other family , am I to ignore their plight ?
 I would 've thought you 'd support my desire to help them , when in doing so , I help Hayley , and the child .
 Do not question my allegiance towards that child .
 Oh , and I suppose your affection for Hayley has nothing to do with your tireless dedication .
 Yes , you see , I saw how you cared for her tonight .
 Called her name in the dark . The zeal with which you destroy those who would harm her .


 I have denied every single impulse I have ever had for that woman .
 Out of some misbegotten respect for intentions that you don 't even have .
 Klaus :
 I 'm warning you ... Elijah : I 'm warning you .
 I 've forgiven you . I have stood by you .
 I 've forsaken every single one of my desires in the name of your ridiculous redemption .
 No more . If I want something ...
 I 'll take it .
 And nothing ... nothing ...
 Will stand in my way .





 Cami :
 Klaus , what are you ...
 I came here to apologize .
 I 've made a terrible mistake .
 Whatever it is , you should sleep it off .
 I 'm sure it can wait till morning .
 You went to Genevieve . She was moved by your plea .
 She may even have cured Kieran . But I insulted her .
 And as a means of revenge , she is refusing him aid .
 Kieran will die because of me , and it will be a horrible death .

 Why are you telling me this ?
 Because I believe that secrets are a poison .
 They need to be spat out .
 Like your secret ...
 About your time with Marcel .


 Isn 't that what you wanted ?
 You compelled me to go out with Marcel . You made me your spy .
 And maybe it 's your fault we got together , and you 're just mad because you didn 't get to control it .
 You tell Marcel if I see him again , I 'll kill him .
 [ Music playing ]
 [ Indistinct chatter , laughter ]



 You don 't need to keep coming out .
 I 'd tell you if something was wrong .
 But she 's doing ok .
 The girl has a natural gift for leading .
 She surprised everyone .
 Not everyone .

 [ Music playing ]
 Do you want to join us ?
 What I want ...
 Is for that girl to be happy .

 Don 't tell her I was here .


 Marcel :
 This is Thierry Vanchure .
 Mean- ass horn player , lover of feisty women , witch , vampire , and human alike .
 [ Music playing ]
 [ Sigh ]

 I rebuilt this city with him and he always had my back .
 Even when I screwed up and forgot to have his .
 And now ...
 All I can do is promise you this , t .
 I won 't let you die in vain .
 I will take back our city .
 [ Thud ]

 Going up against The Originals ?
 For real , no backing down ?
 No backing down .







 Monique :
 You failed us . Genevieve : I told you .
 It will take time .
 Do you think the ancestors care about your excuses ?
 The vampires attacked us .
 We can 't retaliate until we possess our full strength .
 Your sacrifice is the final step .
 [ Groaning ]
 [ Gasping ]
 Nous concedumus sa vie a Genevieve .
 Si elle hecatage a filia de Mikaelson . [ Gasping ]
 What are they saying ?
 They told me to let you live .

 But in exchange , they want another offering .
 One of their choosing .
 Tell me .
 Whatever it is they want , I will make sure they get it .
 I swear it .
 It 's the child .
 They want us to kill Klaus ' child .
