Recap of previous episodes
Caring is important to her
Sometimes there 's a ray of light in the dark clouds, he 's interested in dating me
Do you mind if I date him? Sometimes not
Once the baby is born I 'll have to support her on my own. She mentioned life on Wisteria Street . . .
will you marry me ?
Things are often not as good as expected
Does she know you killed your wife? Often turns into . . .
Leave him if you can... lethal
Brides are sensitive and the bridesmaids who help them keep busy know this best
I think a ten foot swing skirt is enough, or a little shorter so you don 't have to worry about tripping
As far as I 'm concerned I like cooked smoked rabbit but for the general public 's taste can 't be without chicken
Of course who doesn 't like a string quartet
But if there was a band people could dance and not just sit there and rock
But what bridesmaids need the most astute answer is about . .
What do you think? Question about her outfit
Um. . .
I don 't know if I 've seen green like this before
yeah you don 't think it matches my color
yes it would be great
For those who like the color of your clothes
So lucky to find these and it 's not easy to get married in two weeks
Then why is it in such a hurry?
Yeah Bree I always thought you were the one who took the time to prepare
I discussed with Orson that we both thought it would be stupid to wait any longer at our age
With your help, we 'll be able to do it
We are happy to join in
Right, suddenly remembered
I 'll give you some seating charts
Gaby, you are responsible for the decoration in the center of the table
Don 't worry Susan, I 'll find you a job too
work is... .
How to persuade you not to marry Susan, a murderous dentist, we 're not sure yet
We only heard the accusation of a mad woman
His wife disappeared and he didn 't even tell Bree
How much evidence do you want?
He said he said innocent Bree believe him
If we say we don 't believe him, she won 't listen to us
so sorry
I can 't sit here and watch Bree make the biggest mistake of her life
What kind of error is it?
hmmm. . . frankly. . . yes bridesmaids can question many brides ' choices
These clothes are so bad
But don 't question the groom
The perfect couple . . . we 've all seen it, haven 't we?
A pair made in heaven, we 're sure they 'll be on their way to happiness, but there 's a lot going astray on this path
Even the perfect couple finds out they 've walked into a dead end. What do you want?
you heard
i want a stereo in my bedroom
Marble pedestal and painting of St. Augustine
You don 't even know who he is
But I know he 's a good match for the curtains
Can we get back to the contract? I want my pearl necklace
You thought I didn 't know you stole it
That 's my mother 's, it 's hers
it 's my home
You used to think of me as part of your family but now you get rid of me
Don 't eat my signature, I 'm hungry
You know what the doctor said
You should see how high his cholesterol is
This guy is fat
enough
You two are going to find a solution because your baby is about to be born
Divorce or not, once the child is born, the two of you will be linked for life.
Well if that 's the case . . .
Eat more fries
I 'm coming to pick up Kayla on Sunday
whenever you want
let 's go
Have a great time with Turk
trust me we will
This man is a hand brick (sex master)

goodbye Tom
see you sunday
where is she going ?
She spent the weekend with Turk Lake District
Is that Turk ? Her new boyfriend ?
oh no
T om don 't . . .
I don 't want my daughter to be with someone like this
you don 't know him
He may be the best man in the world

More importantly, her squeak was gone as soon as he came
God bless
I haven 't seen this much fun in a week
I won 't forgive you if you ruin this good thing
as long as you look at him
I swear I can see the hanged child 's head in the rearview mirror
Aren 't you worried?
no i feel fine
maybe a monkey
i think i want to . . .
mixed salad
That 's all you need
yes things are expensive here
you don 't need to whisper
The waiters knew they were taking our money
order whatever you want
In that case I want lobster soup and black truffle veal
can you? good
I just moved Jane to V.A. Hospital
gosh i was kidding
fine
I want to be like her
OK
i love to see you smile
It took me a long time to feel like this
Thank you
Oh my God
I hurt you?
not my wife 's parents


Oh would it be bad to be seen by them?
yeah unless they don 't see us
I a n
Too bad hello Jeff Renee, what a surprise to meet you

nice to see you dear
hello my name is Renee this is my husband Jeff
I am Susan Mayer
uh is a doctor
Dr. Susan Mayer is Jane 's new neurologist

I thought you worked for Ian 's publishing company
Oh if that would be great wouldn 't it?
But not me. . . a neurologist
What a coincidence, Dr. Mayer. Our daughter 's recent EEG showed brain waves, but her coma did not improve.
Why is this so?
what a good question
This is bone marrow . . .
Of course with the brain
Doctor, you don 't need to draw it
We 've been in contact with Jane for a long time
oh ok then ok . . . let 's talk about something more professional
We should let Dr. Mayer rest tonight
She 's been in the operating room for ten hours with a craniotomy
That 's exactly what Jane is going to do
how 's it going ?
Oh just . . .
I heard my phone vibrate
Hello, I 'm Dr. Mayer
Yeah, what 's the matter? You 're saying there 's something wrong with his brain?
ok i 'll be right there
oh go now
I am sorry
have a job
O r s o n ?
I brought the furniture back
oh my god Bree is here again

Don 't want our first dance to be perfect?
200 people will stare at us
You know Bree . . . there 's been a lot of gossip since the episode on the engagement party
I 'm not interested in gossip
I mean if you want to reconsider marrying someone out of favor I can understand
If you think about it, no one believes you can hurt a woman
Strangers can gossip but I know the truth
real ?
I 've been cheated by men before
Trust me I won 't let that happen again
So do you fully trust me?
of course
The body was well preserved because it was buried in the mud
Has the cause of death been found?
A blunt blow to the head
You go pull up all the missing person reports and compare her height, age and weight
I 'm also extracting DNA because I can 't match her dental records
why ?
Because the killer took all her teeth out

N o r a ?
How are you back?
How are you ?
Close the door !
I don 't want Kayla to see me like this
What happened ?
Turk and I had a fight
what ?
No no no no
What happened ?
The thing is that Turk is an asshole
On the way to the river we stopped by his bar to play there
What 's the big deal when I got into an argument with a waitress?
I mean, who cares, that 's what everyone does in bars, right?
uh . . . yeah and he told me to keep my mouth shut
And then I just... wow
Just like he taught me how to behave in public
And then he called me a bitch
we 're done
Okay
Take a deep breath and you wouldn 't break up with him just because he called you a bitch?
Then on the way out he threatened to hit me
ok but he didn 't hit
- And know what until . . .
- Oh god Lynette which side are you on?
I . . . on the side of love, you two look so well-matched

I know
I just . . . I . . . I . . .
You don 't want to end everything because of this little dispute, do you?
Do not
ended
I just called his parole officer and said 'Guess who has left Nevada?'
then hung up
I think I have to stay here tonight



do not move

- A ustin ? - Hey Auntie E die

Anyway. . . Mom came back from a cruise in Jamaica with a bunch of new boots and a crew of 24

If you have anything to do, just tell me sir, 'Do you need me to get you some hot towels?'
We couldn 't talk at all so after breaking the bridge of his nose I realized it was time to visit my favorite auntie
Your mom always had bad taste in men
I decided to stay here for one night
Then go to Mexico for a party, you can 't go to the party
How about you stay with me until you and your mom get over it?
Great
thanks
Oh wait a minute you 're 18 years old?
That 's what it says on my ID card
yeah mine too
- hey you should rest in bed - i 'm bored
Well then why don 't you try putting on a pair of trousers that should kill a couple of hours

Hey Baby
hey why isn 't she lying on the bed it 's not good for her
The stairs are not good for her either
what do you want to do ?
The arbitrator is right
In a month we won 't be just carlos and gaby anymore. We 'll be mom and dad and I don 't want to fight my kid 's mom anymore
so for you
your mother 's pearl necklace ?
C a r l o s . . .
thanks
anything else ?
what else ?
Wouldn 't you like to say something else?
Well you can come to Bree 's wedding reception as my guest

thanks
- right here - here ?
Are you setting your wedding reception here?
Yeah as a wedding gift to Bree means I gave you our family heirloom and in return you invited me to your house to a party ?
So what kind of representation do you want me to have?

for pearl 's sake
Sorry Susan
Dr Mayer ?
is panic
absolute panic
Give
To make up for it, I screwed up on the first date
Don 't say it in front of Mike Oh look Mike I an brought you flowers
I 'm going to plug them in
listen I just want to protect Jane 's parents
Oh come on they haven 't accepted that Jane won 't wake up again
If they knew we were dating and I wanted to move forward they wouldn 't take it
That 's a good excuse, but it 's not the whole reason, is it?
Uh . . . what? You subconsciously think you 're unfaithful to her

- No good maybe a little bit but that doesn 't mean... - It 's okay because I feel guilty too
So we should stop here because it 's so complicated and I think we 'd be happier if we were friends back
I . . . I don 't think I can do it
things
Maybe I shouldn 't let myself get this far, but I already do
I can 't go back, sorry
uh if we can 't be friends
Then I don 't think we can do anything




hey don 't move that
sorry i just . . .
Want to turn down the volume? Why don 't you like music?

Of course like just uh . . .
I don 't like this kind of drums that are too strong
I 'm Austin E die B ritt 's nephew
I 'm Julie Susan Mayer 's daughter
I 'm doing my homework so...
on Saturday ?
Then remember to take regular breaks and remember to stop for dinner
Turn the volume down
you 're driving too loud
But I just like it
How do you like it ?
you know you 're not that sexy

hey what are you doing ?
Oh I 'm at Bree 's wedding reception . . .
arrange seating
R ora ? Who invited her ?
i requested
We gotta get her another boyfriend. The wedding is full of bachelors.
hey i hope you didn 't put her next to my friends
Hey the necessary sacrifice is needed Tom
不   J e r r y   R a w l i n g s
Don 't schedule Jerry Rawlings
If she gets mad at Jerry Rawlings he 'll ignore me again
Oh he 's not the only urologist in the world
Find another doctor
That cheeky doctor?
Oh, I only see you once a year!
Have mercy, Lynette
Show mercy?
I 'm trying to get on with my life and it 's you who brought this little problem home
The words I should get out of your mouth are 'Can I be of any help?'
I also put Steve Hanson with her and you need to start looking for a new golf partner

Just have some love


Hi
My name is Susan Mayer
your neighbors say they can find you here
Yeah? I was at my friend Bree 's engagement party the night before.
You know you came in and said 'O lson killed his wife' or something
I was wondering if you could be more specific?
he killed her
What else do you need to know?
Uh why are you so sure? Do you have any evidence?
you see i can 't chat right now
- I get off work at six. - My friend is getting married in two hours.
please ok i want to exchange ten dollars for loose coins and i want to watch you count

Because last time I counted so hard
Police searched Alma 's house after disappearance
Policemen ?
- So what did they find? - Nothing was found
Is there anything wrong with that?
Don 't you get it? Orson wiped everything down when the police showed up
No fingerprints, no skin tissue, no DNA
like Alma never existed
Who would clean their house like that if they weren 't trying to hide something?

I left the bank and I called the detective on the case and he said the only reason Orson wasn 't charged was because the body wasn 't found

So he 's the prime suspect?
- He 's the only suspect - God what are we going to do?
I do not know either
Really dangerous
They put three chrysanthemums in the bridal bouquet
But don 't worry the crisis is over
Bree we gotta talk

oh priest
Did the bride send a message?
They 're still in the bride 's house, you know women . . .
I guess they are still busy dressing up.
He didn 't dismember her and dissolve her in acid
It 's just speculation
The point is that Alma 's disappearance is unusually suspicious
I don 't have time to discuss this I 'm getting married
It 's your wedding day and you can put it off an hour
Call the detective now
Make it clear with Orson that I can 't talk to Orson about this
Groom gets bad luck seeing bride before wedding
You know what counts as bad luck? Marrying a Wife Murderer
If the three of you continue to wrestle with this
i will never forgive you
Bree we do it because we love you but . . .
If you dare to say that you have no doubts at all . . .
not at all


Dear friends, we are together in the presence of God
- Participate in this man 's and this lady 's holy . . .
- excuse me
Can you give us some time?
- What 's wrong? - I just need a little time

I want to ask you something before taking the oath
What 's up?
Did you kill your wife?
Susan talked to the woman named Carolyn
Why didn 't you tell me the police searched your home
It 's a shame and they didn 't find anything
Is it because you cleaned the room thoroughly?
When I 'm upset I 'll clean the room

For God 's sake Bree
I swear I didn 't kill my wife

All right

Please continue dear friends we are together before God
Participate in the Holy Wedding of this man and this woman
This honorable and honorable . . .

hey look you miss heartthrob
Are you having fun? It looks like I don 't know which idiot keeps haunting me at the table
It 's all boring nerds over there
All of them?
How is Jerry?
J erry is very humorous
You mean Mr. Fatty? He 's annoying enough to explode
How is Steven?
do you know? I heard they have a lot of money
Oh, then his family should buy him some deodorant
I 've had enough of those people
i want to stay with you
Do you want to eat that?

hey look you hate evening gowns
Bree 's aunt Fern asked me to park her on the road
she looked away
To her you 're just a silly spanish boy and I 'll fix your bow tie

hey you 're wearing my mom 's pearl necklace
Yes



嘿 J ulie
Have you met my nephew Austin?
seen
I didn 't recognize him in clothes


She keeps staring at my ass
I feel sexually offended



Hi E die Nice party isn 't it ?
Yes
Perfect
Oh, it 's nice to see you guys getting along so well
- We don 't have a lot of fights. - Really?
This means that you will be reconciled ?
- Possibly - Impossible
Oh is that shrimp?
Why do you think I 'll make up with you?
you asked me to be your wedding partner
- Wedding guest Carlos you 're just a guest - please flirt with me as soon as I come in
'Come here baby let me fix your bow tie' I mean if you don 't mind me
why are you sending ambiguous messages
do you want exact information



- I an - Susan what are you doing here? My cousin is Dr hodge 's colleague
her husband can 't come
he has a rash
so she called me
She knows I like occasions like this . . . I an
ok i 'm not gonna lie
rash how could i come up with the word
Then why did you come? Oh I 've been in our relationship
how good we will be together
I think you made a mistake
- I an - Susan please don 't go can 't we both talk about this?
I can 't because . . . I 'm still a bridesmaid

Hi
I want to say you 're doing a good job
What a masculine name T ad is
My boyfriend loves this name too
ok here 's the thing
My ex is over there and I want to piss him off
So you pretend to make out with me and you have a $100 tip
Okay should I touch your boobs?
I don 't need to take the initiative


Agave without ice
hey is there any nice single woman at this wedding
i haven 't seen
Damn none

hey carlos
you come to our table
There 's a sexy little girl, hey everyone, it 's time for Bree and Orson to come on stage

dance their first dance ladies and gentlemen
Orson Hodge, please!


Orson you look so nervous
I 'm trying to figure out my steps
Are you upset?
You 're still thinking about what I said to you in church
Which part? Dear
The 'I do' part
Or the 'did you kill your wife' part?
I 'm sorry but I have to ask
My point is
you should ask

you will be punished
Hey I let two lost souls meet
Well how about that? He cheated on my friend
the madness he deserves
she will bring him
you are so evil

What are they doing?
After two turns, we kissed


Carols oh hey G abby look then i made a new friend
Yeah I 've been watching you make new friends
- That 's disgusting! - Can you step aside? We want to do a dance
who are you? What the hell are you doing at this wedding?
It 's not going to end well
They 're just two unrelated people meeting at a wedding
can 't rely on me
It 's her!
Lynette Scavo I want to talk to you!
I 'm waiting for you at home, what are you thinking?
I didn 't invite you to embarrass me in front of my friends
oh no you just want me to see
How do you get along with underage waiters?
ok i withdraw my invitation
you are not allowed to come to my house
ok i go! give me back the pearl necklace
- Do not! - Gaby
- Carols no! - That 's my mom 's! Do not!
see what you did

Mrs Solis !
No Carlos! Hey give me those
- give me those - please let me
- get off these are mine - no
Mrs Solis
- Not now Xiao - mei !
- Mrs Solis! For God 's sake what?!
I think maybe I 'm going to give birth
I wish you a lifetime of happiness


This is a congratulations from beautiful aunt Fern thank you
After listening to the touching speech
It 's time to dance
Actually I want to say two things
B r e e   O r s o n
Your love is a great inspiration to us
It 's sweet to say
how did you know him
I thought he was your guest as far as I know this is your respective second marriage
And I think you are extremely brave
In reality people make excuses to avoid falling in love again
Because they 're scared but finding someone who resonates with you is a rare fate
So when you come across you should go with what you feel
B r e e   O r s o n
Sincerely,
to make the music play . . .
Wait a minute, can Tom wait a minute?
I would also like to say two words of congratulations to Bree and Orson
What 's better than falling in love again when you grow old and wise but at the same time
The key is
Be more careful because no matter what love is naturally beautiful
it 's also selfish sometimes
Maybe the best option is to walk away silently


I 'm not saying you
I want to say that you both love each other and you are made for it
bless
ok let 's continue
wait i want to respond to this congratulations Bree Orson
Sometimes leaving silently seems like the best option
It 's the safest, but you thought you 'd never be happy again
But what do you do when you meet someone who makes you happy?
Don 't you just let go

no i wouldn 't do that

you want. . .
Do not
I didn 't say anything so let 's start dancing

I think you might need to change your clothes
you 're still mad at me
What are you thinking about matching Carlos with that jerk
I 'm really desperate and sorry
i 'm a little drunk
And you 're divorcing Carlos
No Lynette Carols is not the right person
You know
you are right you are right you are right
I 'm sorry it 's just
how
I am so sad
Since that woman squeezed into our lives
I 've lost the strength to laugh
The more she intensifies the more I hate Tom
TOM blames him for having a one night stand 12 years ago and I 'm worried if I don 't balance myself
I 'll get angrier until . . .
Lynette listen to me
You and Tom will make it through
Don 't tell the truth Gaby
I 'm tired of pretending to smile
You and Tom will make it through
why are you so sure because some marriages are meant to last
some doomed

trust me i know the difference


I 'm looking for Bree V an D e K amp
that is

sorry to leave a minute Oron congratulations

Excuse me, are you Mrs. Van D e K amp?
I 'm Mrs. Hodge now, and I 'm so sorry to break in like this.
We want your husband to identify the body
We seem to have found her wife 's body



force Xiao - mei force


very good
Take a deep breath now
I can 't believe it
i think i 'm going to cry
Carlos I 'm sorry . . .
Yeah me too I used to be crazy
I forgive you
It 's all worth it to experience such a beautiful moment
ok i can see the head now
Oh take a picture take a picture


Oh my God


dude i should tone up the picture
How could this happen?
What the hell kind of hospital are you? Based on previous fertilization
Your embryos were accidentally swapped with another client 's so that our children are theirs and their children are ours
That 's possible... .
Don 't be afraid that your embryos are useless
On behalf of our clinic again I 'm sorry
It 's rare but it does happen Interjection
You ruined our lives and what you can do is
Explain the damn reason?!
Who is he? Why does he write down everything I say?
That 's Mr. Darby, our lawyer.
We think it would be wiser to have him present
Do you know of any other sensible ways?
Put the right child in the right belly
Mrs Solis please don 't . . .

That 's not Alma

you sure ?
absolutely not
thank goodness

What is Carolyn doing here?
You wouldn 't be naive enough to think they 'd believe you, would you?

it 's not her

Okay, sorry for wasting your time.
This doesn 't explain the problem
I tell you this man is guilty
we know what you 're thinking
Can you calm us down?
He 's a cold-blooded killer. He 's nice and kind. No matter what you say, I won 't doubt him anymore.

please go now

- You 're a good match for him - I hope so

I 'm sorry to make you put up with this, dear, are you okay?
I 'm fine, we should go back to the guests
When nothing happened, say yes

(French) I miss you Monique
All right
how i feel . . .
Me too
Do you know what the good news is?
what ?
Divorce is now easier without kids
yes indeed
So. . .
see you at the arbitrator
see you then
Have you ever met the perfect couple . . .
two soulmates
Their love will last forever?
two lovers
Has the relationship never been threatened?
husband and wife
Completely trust each other ?
If you haven 't met the perfect couple
let me introduce you
they stand on top of the cream
The secret to their success?
For newlyweds that is... .
They don 't need to look at each other
