
In the fall of 2009 a couple moved in and lived upstairs
We haven 't met them yet but we can hear them
always hear
They 're always . . . oh let me say it
They 've been playing bagpipes
This is too outrageous
I can 't believe the two of them are still blowing
I know it 's been blown for 6 hours
It must be the flute that makes me hurt everywhere
She kept calling him to blow his bagpipes but it sounded like he was already blowing her hard
The glass of water in my bedroom shook like it was in Jurassic Park
You also think about your neighbors! Stop blowing!
Honorary Production Translation: Tutuqi Flower Bamboo Terrier Proofreading: The Little Hair of the Cong Family Season 5 Episode 6
For a moment of peace, I decided to go to the bar and stay
But it didn 't work T ed I had to tell you something
Marsha and Lily are getting divorced
No they won 't listen carefully I saw it with my own eyes yesterday
Honey, do you mind washing that one?
no problem
I have to go back
She told him to wash his dishes immediately T ed
I 'm guessing in two weeks at most three weeks they 'll be gone
Barney it 's nothing
It 's not too big of a deal for you to hold my little hand and talk
They have serious problems T ed
I know what it is
It 's little known because I 've just given it a name called Infant Arrogance
You and Robin are still on their honeymoon
everything is perfect
Your relationship is the best
All other couples have a bad relationship
enjoy yourself
In the early stages of love, arrogance does not last long
For someone as spiritual as I am, it will be eternity
hey listen to robin and i make a record of the bed we made
There are 8 3 half beds
half a bed ?
A 19th century ottoman in an antique shop
- hey- hey what are you talking about?
hey little tiger
How are you doing? Want me to give you a hug to comfort you?
Do you want to talk about what happened yesterday? Come into my arms
Barney thinks Lily telling you to wash your own dishes is a sign of your broken wedding

what why ?
Lily likes a clean sink so I washed the dishes
What 's so great about this? Let me tell you how serious this is
Do you know why I 'm so comfortable when I 'm single?
- I don 't know- I don 't know and now I 'm a master of love again
Better than what you and Lily dealt with
Oh look at yourself, you have a girlfriend for 5 minutes and you think you can go to heaven, what a cutie

Child . . . you have pigtails and play the Casio keyboard that your mother bought (Little Barney used to look innocent)
I 'm already in love when I play rock and roll
I 'm a good boyfriend when I sleep I can do a foot massage with one hand and a refreshing chamomile oil with the other

Even though I 'm not like I used to heat fat-free popcorn all day and watch that Sandra Brick movie with me
But I 'm at the level of love you don 't need to worry about man
thank you for your concern
- Marshall may I ask you a question - ask it
Would you mind a sink full of dirty dishes?
Will not
That 's Lily 's problem, not yours
yes but if i said it was her problem there would be a fight so . . .
So you guys would fight and hear Robin and I never fight

Of course you guys will fight no I won 't I have a secret
Everytime we 're about to quarrel . . . how come you have a pack of underpants marked April 2008 in your closet?
You stand up and leave every time you are about to quarrel?
Tried and tested
You can 't fight without an opponent. That 's what Gandhi taught us
Dude Gandhi never said that
I can 't believe Robin eats your shit
Oh don 't worry she also has a good way to avoid arguments
Can the tie be machine washed?
No, of course not. What 's wrong?
What are you holding in your hand ?
Oh god what are you holding in your hand?!
So you walk away every time Robin, every time you do it
Here are the two dumbest ways to avoid conflict I 've heard
In fact, this method is not bad
It 's just a little weird - well I 'm crazy - madman when there is a problem Lily and I will have a good discussion
The human mouth can be used for many things
Why waste talking about it? But if you insist on doing it, I 'll say this about the plate
If I were Lily 's husband
Barney you are back!


- The point, man! - Okay
Thank you Baby

Honey, will you wash the cup?
I 'm so glad you brought it up, I won 't wash it
The reason is
Lily I know you don 't like messy sinks
But is it my duty to keep it clean?
If one day I look up at the ceiling in the living room and start thinking, 'Hey I want to get a copy of the Sistine Chapel fresco there'
Will you be in charge of painting?
no of course not
That 's right !
Well baby same logic
If you don 't like seeing a sink full of dirty dishes
Shouldn 't it be your responsibility to clean it up?
Thanks for the tip, I 'm confused
because you are a woman
I don 't even know what we 're laughing at
Of course you don 't know
are you kidding me
Wait T ed and hear what he has to say
Once you get her attention, it 's time to pull out the killer
listen i love you
But when baby comes back from get off work, I don 't have much energy left
I want to use them for bathing in love with you instead of washing those damn dishes
You 're so right, I 'll wash it
I 'll wash after this
Oh yeah
turn around
really tight
Oh yeah
Did you punch him yourself or me?
he 's right
No no Marshall look at me
Don 't fall into Barney Stinson fantasies and fallacies
This is why you wear earrings in  '03
hey those earrings are cool
Really cool isn 't it?
Marsll listen to me!
Barney is wrong
No he 's right I hate washing dishes

- You just said you don 't mind washing! - I hate washing T eds!
I absolutely hate washing!
I hate washing I hate washing I hate washing !
don 't thank me
- hey guys- hey
great you are here
you come and tell me what the truth is
Barney said you two never quarreled
I think it 's true
- I told you - no way I love you two but you two are the most emotionally unstable people
in love
the two of you at least once
Did you know we had a fight once
We had a small disagreement about which of us is more spiritual
But we 're going to truce and go get the sheets.
By the way, I 'm really happy to go skiing this week
I need a break The neighbors who live up there are driving me crazy
Yeah, so depressing
- I 'll go talk to them - thank you
Okay so we all have plans for the weekend
T ed you go and talk to the upstairs neighbor
Marshall you go talk to Lily about Robin I need you to curl up
On the bearskin blanket in our ski resort
- Are you ready? - Go away!
- bye guys- bye
Have fun Barney
With his crazy and thoughtful theories it might work
Marsll I say it again
- This is a bad idea - I think it works
Again, this is a bad idea
Listen to Barney coming up with some logical ideas
Lily is a reasonable woman I think if I explain to her
She 'll understand and I 'll be free
oh no she 'll get mad and you 'll have a big fight
- Take a slap? - Take a gamble
Can you wash the dishes, baby?
Lily, glad you brought it up
Can I stay at your house tonight?
I make the sofa bed for you

We 're back skiing!
hey guys
How was your trip?
so perfect
We cuddled each other by the fire all week
There is nothing but love in the eyes
Okay, I 'm going to pack up.
- Hey beauty- what 's the matter?
oh man
What happened to you two? When did you become so disgusting?
Seeing that she can finally get emotionally and spiritually
Isn 't physical satisfaction nice?
I dated her for a year (I didn 't meet her baa)
Um
How was your weekend?
It sucks, it 's all thanks to you
I heard your bad ideas
Can you wash the dishes, baby?
Lily, I 'm glad you said it
Unwilling reason is this

All right
Is such that
Row
You want me to wash my dishes first
But maybe . . . I want you . . .
Can you draw a picture on the ceiling?
maybe i should say
'Okay I can wash the dishes'
'But you gotta climb up and draw a bare-ass baby on the ceiling'
Just . . . huh?
- Ha ha ?
I don 't know what 's going on. I 'm a lawyer.
But in the face of Lily, I am completely
panicked
Why don 't you panic? I mean looking into her eyes and Mimi saying 'I 'm getting tired'
'But I 'm going to use my remaining strength to fall in love with you' ?
I should really remember
Listen Lily I . . .
I earn more than you
what? !
dance for bro
- Marshall - Buddy
But when it was my turn to speak, it became the fuse once Lily and I quarreled
That 's what happened when you said it
It 's going to get worse and it 's really caused by the dishes, but then you 're saying you shouldn 't wash the dishes
Is it because you work harder than me?
Well that 's not what I said but it 's the truth and then all of a sudden there was a quarrel about who worked hard
I am a kindergarten teacher training future masters
You 're just eating biscuits and crafting
I can 't believe you 'd rather die . . .
Until you can 't even understand what the other party is arguing about, if you have to go to the toilet in the middle of the night
Either turn on the bathroom light or you just sit down and pee!
my mom doesn 't hate you
She just doesn 't care about you
I 'm not afraid of you imitating 'The Shining' (classic horror movie)
I just don 't have to listen especially at night
Danny is not here Mrs. Torrance (The Shining classic line)
do not do that
Oh my god, Lily is actually playing yin
Then stuff it into your sleeping bag
I should go home and apologize
No, you have to increase your firepower and fight harder. Think Marshll
I don 't have to wash a single plate in my lifetime but all the dishes are always clean
Why this will be done once and for all
No more compromising on being a dishwasher The world is yours Marshall reach out and grab it
Then add some seasonings and enjoy
- That 's right - don 't!
That 's what happened to you after listening to Barney 's bad ideas.
Just do the dishes honestly
No! Those plates represent my manhood and I 'm going to leave my manhood cluttered in the sink
Sticky Tomato Sauce and Pasta
- What do you eat? - It 's my fucking right!
I wash it when I want to
Where hasn 't he sat before? (Disgusted)
-   嘿   B a r n s t o r m e r   -   嘿   R o - R o
Well you guys have cute nicknames?
Seriously, what 's the matter with you two?
nothing we are happy
As Gandhi said, 'Smiles cost nothing sweethearts'
I don 't know if you know who Gandhi is
T ed have you talked to your neighbors?
uh
I ran up to make it clear to them


- are they old? - very old
So what did you do?
I can 't bear to tell them to stop blowing because it 's good for them I can only say they are welcome to move in and eat the candy
Politely nod to racist remarks and go
Barney and Robin continue to be yours for the next few days
And Marshall and Lily quarreled
I don 't care if the dishes are washed or not
Well if you care that you wash
Well then I don 't care if you want to have sex or not
If you care about solving it yourself
I lived 18 years without a woman
- Of course no problem. - You have to do it.
And I continue to listen to the bagpipes more than I did during the St. Terparic 's Day parade
i don 't know what to do
Lily and I have never quarreled for so long
As if I was invisible and she made pancakes on Sunday morning T ed
Pancakes and Bacon
it 's all your own
You followed Barney 's love advice
Maybe Barney can fix it
He and R o - R o are perfect lovers now
And I and Lily became enemies
I don 't believe in that set of sly gestures
I know Robin hates nicknames
year 2006
thanks Ro obbsy - wobbsy
Well, I don 't play with nicknames.
Did you watch the sports edition? S herbs?
Seriously, stop playing
Hey Robin I 'm T-M ose
well i don 't like your nickname either
She likes it so much now please don 't call someone T-Mose
No T - M ose is so handsome
I 'm thinking of requisitioning it. The bagpipes sound a little different from yesterday.
with an echo
Well they are in the bathroom
I think they 're sitting on the bath stool blowing like this I figured out how to unravel Barney and Robin

Hey how are T ed Marshall and Lily?
I 'm worried they 're really worried
you and your great love
Okay enough, stop acting
T ed what do you mean?
- Who is this person? - I know something is wrong when the truth comes out. You two are too happy and too happy
It 's too greasy.
You two never quarrel?
Bullshit you old . . . noisy
shelf
How do you know? Phil told me
What the hell is Phil?
your downstairs neighbor
Hi I 'm Phil
Unit B, 1st and 2nd Floor
he heard everything
Phil told me about Ro - Ro and Barnstormer
old quarrel
Would you like to explain?

ok everything is going well
Our zero-fight approach also worked well until I went skiing last weekend and the theory I taught Marshall Lily didn 't hold up at all.

Now he never has to wash dishes
High five, that 's a bad idea
Do you agree with Lily ?
you. . .

Do not
We 're going to fight and I can 't go away
I can 't undress
It 's too cold here I 'll freeze into popsicles
Maybe I can jump off? Or just take off my pants?

Zero quarrel is over, huh?
I think so
- How can you identify with Lily? - Can 't believe you made Lily fight over this!
She 's shorter than him! Then it got out of hand and we 've been arguing ever since
things we never fight about
All rushing in - that bag of panties - the tie of Robin 's murder
pinhole camera i found in the headboard
Here 's how a quarterback keeps getting better. On Monday morning, he 'll sit on a pack of ice and study the tapes.
- Barney always - you don 't look back

- Using rugby tropes . . . - learning skills
- I hate it to death - I don 't know if I 'm doing a good job! I know you 're too sweet!
listen we hate being pointed out
What 's wrong with our love
Well it 's nice to be the perfect lover for a moment
I knew you were lying
You gotta get out of T-Mose 's shadow sooner
To shut up
Marshall dinner is ready
Do you have my share?
no but your favorite





Hey
Help me out Barney and Robin told Lily and Marshall about their fight we can only say by comparison
Their trivialities are too boring

In the end, Lily and Marshall both responded
I will wash the dishes as long as I have breath
I don 't care when you wash it but if it 's like macaroni or something with cheese on it

- At least soak first? - OK baby 4 1 2 0 0 : 1 9 : 0 7 , 8 4 0 - -&gt; 0 0 : 1 9 : 1 1 , 4 0 0 - I love you - I love you too




See? That 's how you did it?
How do you make it as good as ever?
I don 't know I think sometimes you have to put your self esteem aside
Well and remember your love for that person
more important than winning

more important than victory
Stop laughing and say what 's the secret to being serious? Well sounds like maybe the honeymoon is over
But now you can plunge into real life
Honestly, that 's the most delicious
Good night, what are we doing now?
I think we need to talk more and get into real life
Or the elevator has a bench.
that would be better
Hey what if we can 't be the perfect lover?
It 's not a game
- no- we win! Perfect lover!
Oh yeah!

guess ?
These cups are plastic
we can throw them away
That means no dirty dishes in the sink
you are so bad
maybe i should throw you in the sink
Once the first argument is settled, all quarrels are settled
Honorary production
Translation: Rabbit Qi Hua Bamboo Terrier Proofreading: Onion 's little fur
Season 5 Episode 6
