The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes Season 1 Episode 3
No one is in there, no one!
Help me help me! Help me!
There is no one inside!
There is no one inside!

Help me help me! Help me!
Betrayal ruined me ruined (British ah)
Naval Agreement
Sherlock Holmes?
Holmes ?
Holmes ?
You came at just the right time, Watson
Tobacco leaves in Persian slippers, do it yourself
I 'll be at your command right now
If it still stays blue then everything is ok
If it turns red it means it can be deadly
As expected
mrs hudson
Mrs Hudson!
Can you find Billy for me so he can send these telegrams right away
thanks
please sit down watson
Just a bland murder
I think you brought something much more interesting
You are an outpost of crime, Watson.
what is that ?
I just got a letter from an old school
I think you should take a look
Percy Phelps ' talented children won all the awards the school gave and went to Cambridge University to continue their studies
I must admit that I completely forgot about him before I received this letter
'My Dear Watson'
'I have no doubt you can remember  'Tadpole ' Phelps come on' 'I was in third grade and you were in fifth'
'You 've probably heard of it' 'By the strength of my uncle'
'I got a nice job at the Foreign Office'
His uncle was Lord Holdhurst
'I was always trusted and respected' 'until a terrible disaster fell from the sky and ruined my future'
His wealthy relatives did not benefit him at school
We always have fun with him like teasing him on the sports field or nibbling his calf with a hoop
'Could you invite your friend Mr. Holmes' 'to come and see me?'
The letter doesn 't say anything
really nothing
But that handwriting is interesting. It 's a woman 's handwriting.
Not sure it 's a man
not written by a woman
It is important that we know at the outset of the case that the client has an intimate relationship with a person who has a distinctive character in every way
Are you interested?
of course

Then if you 're ready we 'll head to Blairbrough Manor in Woking at once.
my medical . . .
Oooo !
If you think your doctors are more important than my case
What I 'm saying is that it doesn 't matter if my medical care is delayed for a day or two.
It 's the quietest time of the year after all
marvelous
Then let 's go visit the diplomat who suffered so badly and the lady who wrote the letter according to his dictation
Mrs Hudson is out of hot water!
Ross
Pick these lines for me? Thanks
Mr Sherlock Holmes ?
This is my colleague and friend Dr. Watson.
Dr. Watson, I 'm so glad you 're here at last
Percy 's been asking about you all morning, poor fellow
I don 't think you 're part of the family, are you?
Of course you saw the initials JH on my pendant.
For a while, I really thought you had some tricks
My name is Joseph Harrison because Percy is engaged to my sister Anne
Then I 'm at least one of his in-laws.
You 'll see her in his room She 's been tirelessly caring for him for the past two months
Ross goes back to the house
listen they are here
Want me to leave? No no
My dear Watson, I hardly recognize you with those two beards, and I bet you probably won 't recognize me either.
It 's not, it 's still my dear old tadpole
I think this is your famous friend ?
Mr Sherlock Holmes Mr Percy Phelps
I 'm Miss Harrison
my fiancée is also my nurse
then please sit down
I uh I showed Holmes the letter you wrote to me
Well I was hoping you would do that. The letter was seriously lacking in details
So let me get straight to the point
I work in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs
My uncle is Lord Holdhurst
After he was promoted to foreign secretary out of trust he gave me important tasks from time to time and I always did it quickly and well
I 'm sure you can do it well, old friend
please go ahead mr phelps
He called me into his private office about ten weeks ago on the night of May 23rd
O Percy my dear boy!
good evening sir
Have you heard of the recent naval agreement between the UK and Italy?
I 've seen Mr. Catcher in the newspapers
I am very sorry that the most important thing now is that no more news can be leaked out.
French and Russian ambassadors spent huge sums of money to find out its contents
This is the original
I wouldn 't take it out of my desk in any case unless I desperately needed a copy.
Take it straight back to your office and lock it up
After everyone else has left, you can start copying at your leisure without worrying about being watched
Lock the original and the copy in your desk after you have finished copying them. You will hand them over to me tomorrow morning.
Be very careful, nephew
don 't worry sir
Can you be more precise about this agreement?
In a nutshell it planned for Great Britain against the Triple Alliance and when the French Navy in the Mediterranean against Italy
Countermeasures to be taken when all the advantages are obtained
I went straight back to my office and it was just one of my colleagues
Mr. Charles Gollott is still working
What does the old man uncle want you to do?
congratulations on my engagement
really not bad
nothing else ?
He asked me to transcribe some documents on fishing disputes
You 're not still working on that Bulgarian document, are you?
This stuff is so stinky and long I 'm so tired tonight
Are you going to work overtime again?
something more
You should steal a lazy old man too
Ambitious is a good thing, but don 't ignore the beautiful Miss Harrison
Otherwise, other suitors may step in.
she won 't look at your charles
Of course not me old man I already have my daphne
Good night
Good night
Are you sure you didn 't start transcribing until he was gone?
Pretty sure I 'm transcribing as fast as I can because I know Joseph is my fiancée 's brother . . .
We 've already seen him in the garden
He 's also in town to take the 11:00 train back to Voking
I also want to catch this train as much as possible
But is that document very long?
is written in french
At 9 o 'clock I was drowsy but not a third of the way through
I thought maybe a cup of coffee might clear my brain, so I rang the bell for the all-night watchman in the little porter downstairs
Strangely, it was a woman who was called
I 'm sorry I rang Mr. Tangi
I am his wife Mr.
I 'm in charge of the chores for this building
so can you bring me a cup of coffee
I 'm going to tell him Mr.
This woman you 've never seen her there before?
no
It took a while for the coffee to come, so I went downstairs to check
Just leave the room unguarded?
Yes
I found Tan Guitar and fell asleep
Mr. Phelps, I 'm sorry, sir
I must have slept
your coffee mr
Since you 're here sir, who 's ringing the bell?
Bell? What bell?
This is Mr. Bell in your office room
You rush back upstairs to find the papers on your desk missing
That 's right!
God no... .
You didn 't meet anyone in the hallway?
No one is empty!
And the room and hallway are exactly the same as when I left
Percy drew a sketch for there Mr. Holmes
He thought it might work, yes, that 's important, Mr. Holmes.
yeah i think i get what you 're saying
What did you do when you discovered the theft?
I realized right away that the thieves must have come in through the side door.
it 's the door
Of course if he went the other way
Then you 'll be able to run into him, can you be sure they 're not hiding
In the room or in the hallway?
absolutely impossible
All other doors are locked strictly as per Ministry of Foreign Affairs regulations
No hiding place at all
Not even a mouse can hide
Tangi dashed down with me
Stairs to Charles Street
Mr. P helps! The side door downstairs is closed but not locked
It 's dark outside and it 's raining
The streets are empty!
But I distinctly remember Big Ben struck three times
quarter to nine
This point is very important
Did they run here to see Sherlock Holmes?
On the corner we found a policeman but he didn 't see anyone leave the building in the last quarter of an hour
except the janitor 's wife
So we continued to run to Whitehall Road, the street was full of traffic and pedestrians hurried past, everyone wanted to be on this rainy night
Hurry back to the place where you live
no
It rained all night ?
It starts at about 7 o 'clock
This series of events is truly extraordinary
I guess then you go back to the office and check carefully to see if the intruder has left any traces
Like mud footprints, cigarette butts, or lost glove hairpins? Nothing?
Except that the janitor 's wife rushed out of the building in a panic about ten minutes ago.
What did you do next, Mr. Phelps?
Police notified Scotland Yard
It was at this time that I first realized this terrible situation of mine
I 've always been sure I 'll get that agreement back
I don 't even dare to think about it . . .

Watson can tell you I was a timid and sensitive kid at school
that 's my nature
I think of my uncle and his colleagues in his cabinet, of the shame I brought them to myself and all my friends and relatives
Although I am an accidental victim, accidental appearances are absolutely not allowed in diplomatic circles
I 'm ruined hopelessly shamelessly ruined
be strong old friend
Step back, please, Sherlock Holmes
Is the investigation complete?
Postponed
Poor old Percy 's nervousness always hangs in the balance
It seems that your sister 's love for him is completely unaffected
How long has she known Mr Phelps? They met in Northumberland in the winter
Percy was on business for the government
And ran to that place
Did they fall in love at first sight and did your family agree to such a marriage?
Of course Mr. Holmes especially after they learned that Percy had
After the Lord Holdhurst relationship my father was an iron maker and a staunch supporter of the Conservative Party
She came here to meet Percy 's family
Did you come with her? Well, right before they left for America
The wedding is planned for September
I think you 're just going to make a brief visit if the poor bastard ever recovers
And then this misfortune happened? Hmmm
May I ask what your profession is? To let you spend all summer in Woking without him?
Mr. Holmes as the eldest son
I inherited my father 's business
I 'm also involved in stocks which gives me full independence
If my question offended you then I apologize
Are you going to meet Mr. Phelps at Waterloo on the evening of May 23rd?
Take the eleven o 'clock train together?
No he might have meant it that way he knew I was dining with my stockbroker in london
But I didn 't make an appointment with him
Thank you for answering my question Mr Harrison
I can . . . don 't bother you . . . I 'm in the ward
Mr. Holmes, I 'm sorry
I feel much calmer now, thank you Watson for taking care of me
Be gentle with him, Sherlock Holmes
OK
Mr. Phelps is now left with only the janitor 's wife.
yes that 's right
As I remember after returning to my office
Scotland Yard 's Forbes detective went all out to take on the case
We hired a chaise and we were at Tangi 's home in Brixton within half an hour.
His eldest daughter came and opened the door
What do you want to do ?
Is your mother at home?
Haven 't come back yet she has work at night . . . cleaning
If you don 't mind, we 'll go in and wait for her
go in
Go back first and close the door
About ten minutes later we heard the front door open and we made a horrific mistake here and I can only blame myself for that
There are two people in mom 's living room waiting to see you
Oh my god !
Isn 't this Mr. Phelps from the Ministry?
Hey, who do you think we are?
Why are you in such a hurry to avoid us? I thought you were bailiffs
We have an affair with a businessman
hey let go . . .
We have reason to believe that you have taken an extremely important document from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Then run back here to deal with it now you better go back to Scotland Yard with us
subject to search
get your dirty hands off
I haven 't touched any files at all! There will be enough . . .
everything will get better
Mr. Phelps . . . don 't stop!
Have you checked the kitchen carefully?
Yes
No trace of files at all
We took a wagon and the three of us went back to Scotland Yard
I waited anxiously in agony until the female investigator delivered the report
they got nothing
I have no clear memory after that
I believe a police officer sent me back to Waterloo luckily
I just happened to bump into Dr. Philr who was next door and took the next train back home.
So which train did you take?
The one at eleven forty.
Dr. Philip took great care of me
Thanks to him because I passed out at the station once I got home completely incoherent maniac
Your brother was back at that time?
yes i was a little surprised but not worried about him coming back alone
Percy often works late and I know there 's a train
So I went to sleep
And after midnight?
I was woken up by the most horrific commotion in the hall
Pull him in! Pull him in!
gosh . . .
Your brother lives in this room ?
Yes my family went to the US to enjoy their vacation and took advantage of this time to renovate a couple of bedrooms upstairs
Apparently Percy 's illness won 't get better for a while.
So Joseph moved into my room and this became my sick room
This is a comfortable room
I 've been lying unconscious here for nine weeks
If it weren 't for Miss Harrison and the doctor 's care
I can 't talk to you at all right now
She takes care of me during the day and a hired nurse guards me at night because I can do anything when I 'm delirious
It wasn 't until the last few days that my sanity was gradually clearing up
I telegraphed Mr Forbes and he told me I couldn 't find any clues
That 's why I found you, Mr. Holmes. You are my last hope.
And the most important question, Mr. Phelps
Have you ever told anyone about this particular mission you were on?
Without Miss Harrison, for example?
no
I didn 't go back to Voking at all during the time I took the order and started the mission.
What a lovely existence a rose is
There is nothing on earth that requires reasoning more than religion
It can be established by reasoners as a precise science
Our highest belief in the goodness of God, it seems to me, is in flowers
Only kindness can produce these extraordinary characters, so I will say again that in the flowers there is great hope for mankind
Have you seen the hope of solving this mystery, Mr. Holmes?
Mystery ?
Well, it would be extremely foolish to deny that this case is complicated and difficult to solve.
Did you see any clues?
You 've given me seven clues but I 'll have to test them before I can judge their worth
Which one do you doubt?
I suspect . . . it 's me
what ?
I suspect I 'm jumping to conclusions
Then go back to London and test your conclusions.
Your advice is excellent Miss Harrison
Mr. P helps please don 't have high hopes this is very confusing and I 'm not a magician
Little rascal!
What do you think of Miss Harrison?
She 's a good person or I 'm wrong
I think you 're too harsh on her
Is that right? She 's just protecting her lover
Maybe a little overprotective
Surely you don 't think she has anything to do with it, do you?
Watson 's most difficult cases
It 's the kind that have no criminal motives but this one is not without motives but who can profit from it?
There 's the French ambassador, the Russian ambassador, and the guy who can sell it to any of them
and Lord Holdhurst
It is conceivable that a statesman finds such an opportune moment that he can have no regrets
Taking the opportunity to destroy such a document could not be a politician with a glorious resume like Lord Holdhurst
George goes to the Foreign Office
Charles Street Entrance
george i want you to do me a favor
to find the carriage that took a guest there after 9:30 p.m. on May 23rd
gorot a french name
I 'm actually a Huguenot
But I 'm an Englishman like you, Mr. Holmes.
Will I be named a suspect because of my own name?
oh no no sherlock holmes his grandmother was french
I can help you if you wish to avoid Forbes detectives
We 're scheduled to meet him here in five minutes
Yes, I 've been asked enough of him.
I 'll do as you say
good night you two
Good night
There is no trapdoor, the windows are tethered from the inside thirty feet off the ground
The carpet eliminates the possibility of trapdoors
Whoever rang the bell must have walked right past the desk
Why are you ringing the bell?
Is this thief for bluffing?
Or did someone come in with the thief trying to stop him from stealing?
Or either . . .
I guess you 're a Forbes detective
Mr. Holmes, I 'm busy with business
I have other cases to work on besides this one
But I don 't think there is any event that has attracted such international attention.
Please allow me to introduce my friend and colleague Dr. Watson
What do you want from me, Sherlock Holmes?
I already know your set
You 'd love to use our information and try to solve the case yourself to shame us
On the contrary, out of the 53 cases I 've solved in the past, my name has only been signed in four of the other 49 cases, and the police have taken full credit.
I don 't blame you after all you don 't know the situation you are young and inexperienced
But if you want to improve in your career then you 'd better work with me don 't oppose me
So what steps have you taken?
Janitor Tangi, we 've ruled him out
He had a good reputation when he left the police force
His wife isn 't a good person, she 's an alcoholic
What about the clerk, Gorot?
been watching him for nine weeks
but we found nothing
Have you ever wondered why the bell rings?
No I have to admit it stumped me
Anyone is bold enough
It 's a weird thing indeed
Thank you so much Detective if I can get this thief into your hands
I 'll definitely tell you to go, Watson n
May I ask where you are going now?
To visit Lord Holdhurst, the cabinet minister, the future British Prime Minister
good night detective
Mr. Holmes, I cannot pretend to be utterly ignorant of your purpose, may I ask who you are entrusted with?
dragged by mr percy phelps
Ah my unfortunate nephew
You should understand that because of our kinship I can 't have the slightest cover for him
Yes, but what if the documents were recovered, Lord Holdhurst?
That 's a different matter of course
Lord Holdhurst, is it the very room where you gave orders to transcribe documents?
Yes
You never mentioned this to anyone but your nephew are you sure?
absolutely sure
Since no one else knows about it, you should also allow the thief to enter your nephew 's office
In fact, it was purely accidental. He saw the opportunity and took the file.
What you said is beyond my power, Mr. Holmes.
There is another very important point
I can understand that you are very worried about the serious consequences that will arise once the content of this agreement is leaked.
Of course there will be very serious consequences
Has it been produced yet?
Not yet
For example, can you hear that this agreement really fell into the hands of Russia or the French Foreign Ministry?
I can definitely hear
So nearly ten weeks have passed and we can imagine that for some reason this deal didn 't fall into their hands
But Sherlock Holmes, it 's hard for us to imagine thieves stealing this agreement just to . . . frame it and hang it on the wall
Maybe he 's waiting to sell Watson for a high price
Maybe he may be suddenly seriously ill
Like a neurological disorder?
I didn 't say that
Lord Holdhurst we have lost much of your precious time
Great people heavy duty
Yeah but he 'll have to fight to keep his place and he 's far from rich
Of course you noticed that his boots have had their soles changed.
Really ?
I have nothing to do today unless there is an echo of my search for the carriage
what
All right
Watson, I do not intend to continue to delay your serious work.
But I 'd be grateful if you would join me tomorrow on the same train we took today to Voking
Of course willing
good night sherlock holmes
No no tonight I 'm going to sleep on my own and alone
But Mr. Percy Holmes gave me new hope that I felt better
We still have an appointment at church in September, my dear, I will keep the appointment
He sent the nurse back
finally
He put too much trust in the great detective
You are the one who keeps his life on fire
Not some detective and you, brother
Without you to support me
Could I be at the center of some sinful conspiracy? Not only my honor but my life is being targeted?
I don 't have an enemy in this world as far as I know
Apparently misfortunes don 't come singly, old friend
I seem to have found where the guy got over the wall.
it faces the road
Do you think this is a trace from last night?
It 's quite old in my opinion
No I don 't think I can find any clues here
Why did the thieves choose the window facing the yard?
I think this end of the house is much easier
It can be seen very clearly from the yard
Ah yes it is
Have you ever been frightened like this?
Do you have silverware or other items in your home that might attract thieves?
nothing valuable
any news from london
We 've seen the Forbes detective and visited your uncle
Sherlock Holmes also went to investigate some possible leads.
So say you haven 't lost faith
Oh of course not!
God bless you are so good to say that!
As long as we don 't lose courage and patience, things will come to an end
Miss Harrison, please be sure to stay in this room for the rest of the day
it 's critical
When you go to bed tonight
Remember to lock the door from the outside and hold the key yourself
But what about Percy?
Don 't tell anyone! Hurry up and promise!
Why are you still moping here, my dear?
Go outside and soak up the sun
let me stay here
I 'm having a bit of a headache right now. It 's cool in this room, just the way I like it. Thank you, Joseph.
Mr. Phelps must not lose sight of our main goal as we investigate this little thing
It would be of great help to me if you could come with us to London
Do you think you can hold it up?
Of course if you think I can help
Do you want me to stay in London tonight too?
I was going to suggest so
That way if my night friend comes to visit me again, he 'll find himself blown away
But what about Annie?
Mr Harrison will take care of her my friend Watson will take care of your medical needs
Can you be ready to go in an hour?
We do everything at your command, Mr. Holmes
I 've got a little thing or two to figure out, and it 's a big plus for me that you 're not here, Mr. Phelps
Watson waited for you to arrive in London and sent our friend straight to Baker Street to stay with him until I saw you again
Now gentlemen, I 'm leaving you
What about our investigation in London?
I hope to be in London for breakfast with you
He really is the most elusive man Watson can be.
are you still here
How is your headache?
better
For the first day in nine weeks, you don 't have to accompany the patient and you choose to waste your time here
The power of habit
Aren 't you going to have dinner tonight?
I 'm not hungry yet and I 'm reading a book
i can understand
My poor little sister, what kind of time did you spend?
Mr. Holmes is back Mr.
Thank you
He looks exhausted
I have to admit you are right
I still have so much hope!
You are hurt, Sherlock Holmes!
That 's just because my hands and feet scratched a little bit
Good morning, Mr. Phelps, this case of yours is indeed the most secretive case I 've ever worked on.
It was a very unusual experience
With Sherlock Holmes, your bandages speak for the adventure
What on earth happened ?
After breakfast, let 's talk about it, my dear Watson
Remember I drove 30 miles this morning
My search for the carriage still doesn 't work, right?
Well we can 't expect everything to go well
Mrs Hudson, you are very good at emergency response.
Aren 't you going to have dinner together, Mr. Phelps?
what is this ?
Mr Chicken Curry
How about this one? Eggs with ham
She 's limited in what she can cook, but like a Scotswoman, she 's got a great breakfast
Which would you like to eat, Mr. Phelps, chicken curry, egg ham, or the one in front of you?

Thank you I can 't eat anything
Come on, try the one in front of you how
thank you i really don 't want to eat
So I don 't think you 'll refuse to help me, will you?
Oh !
is the agreement
is the agreement
is the agreement
Omg! It 's that agreement!
It 's that agreement!
It 's that agreement!
Watson Brandy
Come on be careful it 's really my fault to let it appear in front of you like this but Watson will tell you
I can 't help but make things a little dramatic God bless you you saved my honor
thank you mrs hudson
Thanks for your thoughtful consideration
Is a Scottish woman 's breakfast really better than a small piece of paper!
Please tell me how I got it and where did I find it
after i leave you
I let myself spend an afternoon at leisure in the beauty of the English countryside
I didn 't go back there until twilight and then I went back to your house
I climbed over the fence and through the bushes to the stables
facing your bedroom window
The curtains in your room are still open and I can see Miss Harrison reading under the lamp
About a quarter past ten, she closed the book and left the room with the light in her hand.
I 'm pretty sure she locked the door with the key
key ?
She followed the instructions I gave her in advance.
Mr. Phelps, she 's a lady of rare qualities
You wouldn 't be able to get the document back without her cooperation.
It 's boring to wait in the dark but it 's like an athlete in front of a river waiting for the big game to start
That kind of excitement
What happened? What happened?
It was about two o 'clock in the morning when I heard the slight sound of the latch being pulled.
All right
Well, Holmes, what are you going to do with me?
I 've got what I want
get out
Joseph !
You just let him go?!
I telegraphed the details to Forbes Detective
It would be great if he could catch whoever he wanted
But if, as I expected, he was gone by the time he arrived, then the government might be too eager.
First Lord Holdhurst and then Mr Percy Phelps they would rather this matter not have to go to police court
God, are you telling me that the stolen documents have been in the same room as me for 10 agonizing weeks?
Then Joseph is a villain and a thief!
My guess is that he may have lost money in stock trading and was trying to hide it from his very conservative and strict father.
That 's right, but his own sister 's happiness and your reputation and your body!
He knows you often work late and he happens to be having dinner with his stockbroker as he once told me
But he left before nine-thirty and he went to your office and walked in through the side door
Percy ?
He found no one inside but the lights were on and the work was obviously still going on and he rang the bell
Glancing at the papers on the desk when he rings the bell
He immediately realized that what lay before him was an excellent opportunity, a very valuable national document
He went back to Woking alone and hid the documents in a place he thought was very safe and tried to get them out within a day or two.
Sent to the French embassy
Or anywhere he thinks he can pay a high price No one! No one!
Then you suddenly come back
Without warning he was forced to move out of his room and since then at least two of you have been in the room.
so that he could never get his treasures back again and it drove him almost mad
My suspicion turned to affirmation when you said that the attempted burglary happened on the first night when the hired nurse was away
This indicates that the intruder
Apparently he knew all about the situation in the house. Finally, he finally got a chance.
But you didn 't sleep soundly and he made him fall short
That 's right! I didn 't take my usual sleeping pills!
but he got another chance when you came to london
I kept Miss Harrison in the house all day so he wouldn 't start before us
But what if you already knew the documents were in the room?
I knew that nine times out of ten the files were in the house but I didn 't want to tear down all the floors and corners just to search for them
Let him come out of hiding
I saved a lot of trouble
And also caught him!
good
That 's right, but why did he pry the window when he could have walked in through the door?
To act like a thief and escape from the yard just in case
With that knife, do you think he had any intention of committing murder?
my dear friend
All I can say is that Mr. Joseph Harrison was by no means a benevolent gentleman.
This young lady should be Mr. Phelps who came to see you
Annie
I messaged her to get up and leave for London as soon as I got up
But Mr Phelps remains ignorant of her brother 's crimes
OK
My dear Holmes, no amount of thanks to you is enough
I 'm going down right now and explaining everything to her.
Goodbye Percy and good luck!
Thank you for helping me find happiness
There 's a young lady at the door
Mr. Holmes hot water is coming!
thanks
