Alright, Raj got his ghost card, I 'll give him a hand with my vines around the neck
die
Well then I 'll cut your vines with a ruby ​​sword
Mi Cuo means I 'm beheaded to death with a random sword

I have a question, God of War is bigger than giant, giant is bigger than elf
Basically anything can be bigger than the magic bunny
unless you have the magic carrot
ok i have another question
When will this game be interesting? Are we going to chat or play 'Mystery Warriors Ka-ah'

Just hit that magic water card.
- Which one is it? - It doesn 't matter which one, you can 't win anyway.
S heldon don 't make trouble
How could he make trouble? Given the cards you 've already played, P enny can only have a wizard 's magic water card.
And the one that only works for undead and ghosts that haunt during the day, these two cards have been hung up. The remaining cards that can be hung are:
Four firearm cards, one giant card, two ogre cards, and one hellstone card
See?
S heldon you are incredible
Absolutely incredible in your opinion
S heldon has a memory like a camera
'Camera-like' is the wrong word to use
I have an unforgettable memory I have told you many times
The most recent one was at lunch on May 7 last year.
You ordered turkey and complained that there was no soup
- Okay, it 's game over - really baa? oh great
I mean oops

- Okay, I have to go - why?
Last time, because I didn 't leave in time, I could only play 'Mysterious Warrior Ka'
Not 'K a' but 'K a - ah'
- Bye- see you

I still can 't believe she 's dating me
no one can believe
- Reminds me that there is an account yet to be settled with you- what?
We have made an agreement, if the two of us get a hot girlfriend, we will let the other party also get his girlfriend 's girlfriend
I don 't remember
Said on June 30, 2004
Batman 2 premieres at the AMC Theater in Pasadena
They only have red fruity drinks no blue
Oh yes
You and Penny have been together for almost a month and a half
What 's my share, Morty ? (one of Mickey Mouse 's little nephews)
- Howard You can 't count on me - why not?
When I signed the agreement, how could I have thought that I would have a hot girlfriend?
Also pretty sure you won 't have in 800
hey why not me

The rules can 't be like that.
I can 't have a hot girlfriend because of my petite bladder?
It 's the Raj rule, that 's how it 's fixed
uncle 's
Honorary production
Translation: Xia Sheng omgjingjing Proofreading: ou fart


Season 3 Episode 05

Oh hell can I get a napkin?
I 'm sorry, but you have a bunch of them
Yeah I 've started the four napkin mechanism
For thighs, hands, face and personal emergency needs
If you want to start tomorrow I can add a guest napkin but I 'm afraid I can 't help you today

good luck that 's a face napkin
Then did you talk to Penny?
- Not yet- why didn 't you say it?
Because I 've been busy because I haven 't figured out how to say it and most importantly -- I want to stress it 's very important -- because I don 't want to
The Leonard protocol is the protocol
You gotta let P enny get my other half
It 's not that simple, what do you want me to say? 'P enny, do you have any friends you don 't want to contact anymore?'
Come on, I 'm smart and have a good job and only 3% body fat
I can testify that I saw him on the beach and he was a chicken wing
Leonard please
Well, I 'll ask her if she has any friends to introduce to you
- want spicy oh - good
Even taller I want our kids to be on a space coaster before they turn 20
I think of a way
Hey S heldon guess what I heard today ?
You must have heard a lot today
When you come to work you will hear 'Okay Raj' 'Are you okay Raj?'
Since you 're wearing a new wool vest today, you might also hear 'New wool vest huh?'
Also, although it is unlikely that you will hear 'the new wool vest looks good,' I will tell you what I heard today.
That would save some time
There 's a 'Mystery Warrior Ka-ah' contest at the comic store Saturday night
The first prize is $500
It 's absolutely unbeatable if we form a team, sorry, Raj, I 'm not interested in games without challenges.

Can you get the money?
- I have money - this is other money
What 's the difference with my money ?
i can get half
Do you need money for a less obnoxious fur vest?

Leonard Help
Save you? I can 't even convince him to give me a napkin
wow you are a genius

It doesn 't count, I 've searched online for strategies
So . . . have you made any agreements with anyone?
The kind that 'hangs on a hook for a hundred years'? Well, it 's the kind that hangs on a hook
When I was in first grade, I made an agreement with my good friend Rosie to marry Bert and Ernie.
You know it 's the two from Sesame Street
Bert and Ernie are familiar
Turns out we all like Ernie
We ignored each other until high school
Just for a puppet?

Well, speaking of where my heart is--
uh, a long time ago I made a deal with Wolowitz a little bit about you
Well I don 't know what you 're trying to say but speak carefully because it might be the last time we talk
no no no that
The deal is if any of us has a girlfriend
I 'm going to help match another friend with his girlfriend. Do you think it 's appropriate to talk about this immediately after having sex?
Uh anyway, it 's definitely not suitable before having sex
During the sex, I was thinking about the online strategy again, so...
I won 't match Wolowitz and my friend
Not necessarily good friends
And you know deep down Howard is really a good guy
The problem is not deep inside
The problem is his disgusting sugar coat
At least think about it, okay?
Just do me a favor? Oh, the great thing about Ernie is that he never asks for it
he just pays
have, have, have, have, have, have


B e t t y 和 V e r o n i c a
Hey S heldon the new Green Lantern figurine is coming tomorrow
Want me to leave you one?
Thank you for just robbing me of the chance to meet the figurine
Degrading a journey of discovery that could have been so satisfying to desire and then to simple possession
- Well then I won 't leave it for you - but I have to have one
- ok then i 'll leave you one - thanks
I don 't know if I can buy these things online I 'm here for personal service
Hey S tuart Sign up for the W il W heaton at the Mystery Warriors competition
Is that the W il W heaton from Star Trek?
Yes he lives nearby and is a gamer
excuse me
Will W heaton is coming to your game ?
Oh, I 'm sorry, did I deprive you of the chance to meet him again?
you don 't understand
I grew up admiring Will W heaton Wesley Crusher in Star Trek has the same unforgettable memory as I do
Oh that 's a coincidence
You might be able to discuss this with him at the game, sign up.
I 'm a big fan of him and in 1995 I took a 10 hour bus ride to a sci-fi convention in Jackson, Mississippi wearing my Starfleet Academy uniform just to meet W il W heaton
To get him to sign my awesome set of Wesley Crusher dolls
Oh, even if you get together again, sign it
But that arduous journey turned out to be a dream
He shook a little and we didn 't show up in the end.
From then on I swear I will hate him forever
Well you can tell him you hate him for signing here
You may be interested to know that W il W heaton is now number 6 on my foe list
Joel Schumacher, the director who nearly ruined the Batman franchise, and Billy Parks, who lived at the end of the alley and threw shit on the armrest of my bike.

ok i get it
As Nunion Khan (the villain) said in the immortal 'Star Trek: The Wrath of Khan'
'If he provokes me, he provokes me, then I will give him a look'
Sign it here without a doubt
'I stand on the top of sin and I stab you hard'
Well Raj looks like your teammate is 'go to hell W heaton go to die'
Tell me about my child 's future mother
H oward she is cute you will love her
Great so what did you and she say about me? Tell her about my body fat?
I don 't think so, it 's going to be a big surprise
Okay so I 'll tell her you 're a spaceship engineer and you speak 5 languages
6 if you add Klingon (the alien language in Star Trek), it 's 6
The girls don 't count the K lingon language into the Howard, do they?
Yes
I also told her that you have an unhealthy attachment to your mother
- Huh? - Just kidding
Keep it as a surprise

S heldon, it 's your turn S heldon
My troll slams your screaming hubby with an evil scepter and takes it down
I 'm sorry, children 's shoes, don 't forget to say hello when Mommy comes to pick you up
Or I 'll call her in person tonight ha!

Man, we totally beat them! Hooray!
Look at him W il W heaton my old friend
I 'm chasing you to Nibia 's satellite
To the vortex of Antares to the flames of the kingdom of destruction
By the way, you keep quoting lines from 'Khan 's Wrath' but he 's playing 'The Next Generation'
- Characters are completely different - Shut up!
How long do I have to wait for the day of revenge?
Uh if W il W heaton and Stuart win and we beat Lonely Larry and Colonel Sweatpants in the next round
Our two teams will go to the finals, which means my path to success is blocked by Larry Larry and Colonel Sweatpants

very good they must be destroyed
man you can 't talk like that anymore
- Too lame- Shut up!
Listen to Penny say you work as a waiter to earn your own money and go to graduate school
Very capable. What are you studying?
Microbiology oh kuna you can study me

I do not understand
Microbiology is the study of small organisms
I know I learned this I said you can study me because I 'm a tiny creature

- Just kidding- Really?


- Do you like sci-fi? - No
What about role-playing games?
The one in the bedroom or the one in Dungeons &amp; Dragons (game) ?
- either - none
The long night has just begun . . .
- It 's all your fault - I have to ask you anyway and don 't have to say yes

- Do you like magic? - Not much
All right
Pretty pretty drippy . . . a long night

I fight the holy snake
Raj will fight the mad lord, which means that Larry can only be a messy landowner.
Colonel in sweatpants can only get out of the lava river
I played nightshade again, forest goddess, won the inventory and won the match point.
Catch me W il W heaton !
b o t - T A S H   b i r   J A B - l o o - D I   r e k h   k k h a k k h - K O O   n y !
Did that guy just say 'It 's not too late for a gentleman to take revenge in ten years' in Klingon?
I 'm guessing yes he has the wrong muscle?
Everyone has their own way of life

What about computers? Do you like computers?
i use it but i don 't like it

Okay . . . puppies? What do you think of puppies?
My face was bitten by a puppy
yes
- Let me tell you, Einstein made mistakes too- What?
Approaching the speed of light does not make time stand still
get close to them

Excuse me
- It 's my mother- won 't you pick up?
It 's tricky. Maybe she 's dying. I don 't want to miss the live broadcast.
But if I go to voicemail I can replay it over and over again.

I know how you feel and my mom drives me crazy
How can I get my mom
Really? Your mom calls you every day at work to see if you 're eating healthy lunch?
My mom would call me at work to see if my stomach was functioning properly or not.
Okay, will you get your clothes arranged early in the morning? I 'm treating you like a nine-year-old

- You live with your mother? - Isn 't that sad?

oh that sucks ok listen to this my mom made me wear rubber gloves to kindergarten
To prevent me from spreading diseases from other children
small meaning
I still can 't ride a bike because my mother is afraid that I will hit something with my bike and cause a break

- Are you not? - Not on the bike
In Camry ( car brand )
I 'm in a Corollary (car brand)!
- Add wine? - I 'd love to
- You should come to my house for the Sabbath dinner - why ?
Come to my house with a catholic girl like you wearing a big cross
Maybe it will make my mother die of a sudden brain tumor, my dream.
ok but you gotta come to my house for sunday dinner first and put on your yarmulke
It 's a date
Am I a matchmaker or what?

Lava Serpent
Snake Nest
Underworld Guardian
Underworld Guardian
It 's better to make a small decision first to decide life and death


Invisibility magic
fluorescent magic
- Narcissus - Fire Demon
- Two-headed tiger - Three-headed lion
- Brimstone - Brimstone
W il W heaton what 's wrong?
- Wait - you still have two medium magic cards, a small stone, and a Z ancor magic water card.
It 's like putting an air conditioner on Icestar Hoss (no shit)
You can only play the magic water card first to lose our small duel, but it is only enough for you to parry 2 more moves
- I think he won. - Say it was 1995

In Jackson, Mississippi, I had to violate my life rules twice during my 10-hour bus ride.
I 've never been on the go, and I 've finally made it to the 4th Annual Southern Trek Convention My idol, W il W heaton, has more important things to do
And absent did not sign my dolls

what ?
you failed me W il W heaton
And now I 'm finally ashamed
You went to the Southern Trek Convention in  '95? Oh man my grandmother died then and I had to go to her funeral

Your grandmother died?
- too bad - yeah
But I 'm so sorry I let you down
No no I can understand
If anything happens to my grandma, I 'll just be a little moon cake in agony. Let me clarify that it 's because she usually calls me 'little moon cake'
Little boys and grandma have a very special relationship, right?
- oh yes - alright good everyone loves grandma !
Don 't hesitate S heldon kill him!
It 's okay S heldon I let you down I deserve it
Z ancor Magic Water
What are you waiting for?
Stand on the top of sin and kill Wil W heaton!


- I can 't do it- You can do it, do it!
no
I 'm here to kill the W il W heaton who ruined my dreams but I can 't kill the W il W heaton who loves his grandma


- Magic Rabbit - Cups!
Don 't come out with a magic rabbit!
I call my grandma 'grandma'
She 'd be very happy if she heard that my little rock killed your magic bunny
game over



I . . . I . . . I don 't understand
your grandmother is still alive
Come on S twetie and get the money

very interesting haha

W h e a t o n !
W heaton! W heaton!
The subtitles of this forum are only for translation, communication and learning. Any commercial use is prohibited, otherwise the consequences will be at your own risk.
