
0 0 : 0 0 : 1 7 , 0 0 0 - - &gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 1 9 , 3 6 0 ‎ - we should come to love‎ - we are loving love ‎ - oh, you mean. . . . Make Love‎ - Yes




‎ What are you doing?
‎ waiting for you . . . put in
‎ Are you clean?
‎ Unless you don 't care about making a river of shit
‎ Don 't
‎ Of course I 'm clean
‎ Because I love clean
‎ Speaking of loving cleanliness, I . . .
‎ I 'm going to wash my hands
‎ Because I love cleanliness so much

‎ (To Olivia: Red Alert!)




‎ Sorry, I have to . . . hello
‎ help
‎ I was robbed
‎ Come here now, it 's an emergency
‎Wait, no, you speak slowly, don 't move‎ I 'll go right over

‎ Olivia was robbed
‎ I 'm sorry, I have to go
‎ Next time?
‎ Of course, hope she 's okay
‎ Did you know? ‎ Everyone thinks you are bad, but you are actually very caring

‎ Thank you, then I 'll go first, bye







‎ NETFLIX Original Series

‎ Okay, you can spit it out

‎ Can you bring me the mirror?

‎ So it is
‎ - Yes‎ - Yes?
‎ - hmm‎ - all right?
‎ - thanks‎ - great
‎ you bastard
‎ looks good
‎ So when can he go back to training?
‎ Mom, shouldn 't you wait? I just had the plaster removed
‎ you 'll be fine, just take your time
‎ But building strength is also important
‎ You can go back to training this week
‎ How is tomorrow evening?
‎ - Thank you for taking care of her, Cynthia‎ - Little things
‎ Jonathan always wanted a sister
‎ So your mom got that job, right?
‎ What a surprise
‎ Yes, she should be pretty happy too
‎ Okay
‎ See you later, be nice

‎ - break out‎ - break
‎ Do you want to get together later?
‎ I have something to do
‎ - What 's the matter with you? ‎ - Not yet decided
‎ Great, then I look forward to meeting later
‎ I still can 't believe she said I can 't let go
‎ - I mean it ‎ - you do over-analyze
‎ - So you identify with her too? ‎ - Nope!
‎ Don 't you think you 're a bit cunning at times?
‎ I 'm not inflexible, I 'm . . .
‎ I 'm super relaxed
‎ - OK‎ - I 'm going to show you two
‎ how relaxed I am
‎ I 'm having a little party at home tonight
‎ - Party? ‎ - no, small party
‎ Then I 'm going to make roast chicken
‎ Don 't do roast chicken, roast chicken is not relaxing at all
‎ Who are you looking for? you have no friends
‎ - I have it‎ - Who?
‎ I have you with . . .
‎ - Lily‎ - Lily, is she your friend?
‎ Yes, I gave her advice to help her turn it on
‎ - But don 't say it, that 's a secret‎ - Not a friend, Otis
‎ Well, then you go to Jorasine‎ with your swing band friends
‎ I 'll ask you and Lily and I 'll impromptu tonight at my house for a super relaxing little party
‎ No roast chicken?
‎ No roast chicken
‎ Lily, how are you?
‎ I have to go somewhere else

‎ Otis, you can 't be mad at them both
‎ I can, Maeve ruined my relationship
‎ And Euler broke up with me, so... . .
‎ You 're a little aggressive
‎ You should ask Maeve to party
‎ No, it 's just a small party
‎ You can have a few drinks and talk it over ‎ I know you want to talk too
‎ I don 't want her to show up
‎ I feel so sorry Maeve
‎ We talked, Steve‎ She 's too risky to be on the team
‎ And she doesn 't pay enough attention to the quiz team, at least Paulina is reliable
‎ I heard it all
‎ Wei, I really like the meme you sent me last night
‎ - super funny‎ - yeah, scrabble cat
‎ Makes me laugh every time

‎ Baoli
‎ Shrimp cocktail?
‎ no
‎ I can 't smell seafood before lunch
‎ Anyway, how long until the game?

‎ We have 25 minutes of free time before the minibus leaves
‎ Great, I 'll do some pushups
‎ OK, then I 'll practice
‎ I go to the toilet
‎ Paulie, I can still smell it here
‎ Tonight at Otis Millburn 's house
‎ Okay, party tonight at Otis Millburn 's
‎ - But it 's Thursday‎ - Bring your own wine
‎ We can 't rehearse without a hangover

‎ Tonight at Otis Millburn 's house
‎ Today is Thursday
‎ - Running on Thursday is trending now‎ - No, it 's Wednesday
‎ - Everyone knows‎ - Can I participate too?
‎ No, Racine, I 'm behind
‎ I didn 't know you were going too, Racine‎ Where is Otis ' house?
‎ 43 Ashford Street
‎ bring your own wine
‎ Come on, your hair is so beautiful
‎ You don 't really have to run a party on Thursday, do you?
‎ Thursday run is trending now, Olivia‎ Keep up with the trend, okay?

‎ My boyfriend wants anal sex
‎ I told him I tried, but it didn 't ‎ Now I 'm panicking
‎ Well . . . ‎ What are you afraid of?
‎ I don 't know how to do an enema
‎ I checked online‎ Every site says it differently
‎ Listen, I can 't spray shit anyway
‎ Let me study it and tell you
‎ Also, I 'm having a little party at home tonight
‎ - If you want to come . . . ‎ - What the hell is a 'little party'?
‎ Just . . . some people. . .
‎ Do your research now
‎ - hey‎ - hello

‎ I have a weird question

‎ How much do you know about enemas?
‎ - To be honest I don 't know much‎ - I understand, I will teach you
‎ - Hi Claire‎ - Hey




‎ gosh

‎ Hello?

‎ Are you okay?

‎ It 's the Shrimp Cocktail Sandwich
‎ We need you back, Paulina has food poisoning
‎ - She 's not very strong anyway‎ - It 's true, you are much stronger
‎ She always said 'goldenly' instead of 'exactly' ‎ Also didn 't know marsupials had brood pouches
‎ Okay, could you please come back?
‎ But you can 't blow away

‎ I am Jane
‎ Hi Jen, I 'm Michelle Lawson‎ Remy 's agent
‎ - Long time no greetings ‎ - Hi, Michelle
‎ I 'm calling because Remy mentioned‎ that there is a possibility that you will collaborate on a book again
‎ Themes are about teens and school sex education
‎ sounds good
‎ First, my research is completely confidential‎ Second, Remy is totally wrong
‎ I won 't write a book with him again
‎ Why not?
‎ Because he 's an invincible idiot

‎ - hello, Euler‎ - hi
‎ please take a seat
‎ Dad said you don 't see each other anymore
‎ At least. . . ‎ It should be easier for you and Otis now.
‎ We also broke up
‎ Oops, what a pity
‎He didn 't tell you?
‎ He doesn 't talk much to me lately, and . . .
‎ Sometimes I wonder if my daughter will have an easier time
‎ Girls can be annoying too

‎ If there is something you want to talk to a woman about . . .

‎ If you really like someone‎ and you are pretty sure they like you too, but suddenly they act like they hate you, what would you do?
‎ Enema is not necessary‎ If you eat more fiber and have a fixed bowel movement, you don 't have to have an enema


‎ If you 've never cleaned it, it 's better to start with this spherical syringe
‎ So put the water in the syringe . . .
‎ If you don 't make roast chicken, what are you going to eat?
Western potato pieces
‎ Otis, potato chips are good‎ as long as possible, sit on the toilet . . . ‎ and release
‎ - What about the dipping sauce? ‎ - no sauce
‎ - But I made avocados . . . ‎ - Listening to Racine
‎ Protective mucus inside the anus
‎ - brothers‎ - hey
‎ look at your hands
‎ - I 'm so glad you 're back, Marchetti‎ - That 's it for now
‎ Teacher‎ I had my cast removed this morning and I 'm going back to training this week
‎ What a great news, congratulations
‎ So I won 't be able to try it out tomorrow night
‎ Jackson, it 's show business
‎ Not pretending
‎ Teacher, it was my mother who asked me to go back to swimming as soon as possible
‎ Then she must understand‎ It is also a good thing to have more interests
‎ Talk to her?
‎ Squat, don 't worry‎ Slowly put the spherical syringe in
‎ pull out again
‎ What 's going on here?
‎ I 'm teaching Otis how to do an enema
‎ - but we 're leaving too‎ - yeah, sorry
‎ good


‎ thanks
‎ ( how to clean)
‎ (ball syringe, plenty of lube, lukewarm water)
‎ ( 1: Squat and injection)
‎ squeeze in, wait, release
‎ - I 'll pick you up at your house‎ - We 'll see you at the party
‎ - It 's a small party‎ - but I want to see where you live
‎ okay

‎ What 's wrong?
‎ I never introduced anyone to my family
‎ I still think you should invite her over
‎ don 't
‎ - Yes . . . ‎ - No, see you later
‎ Don 't let me see roast chicken!
‎ Hey Maeve
‎ Tonight we 're having a party at Otis ' house, you come too
‎ - He didn 't ask me out ‎ - but I know he wants you to be there
‎ I think you should have a good talk
‎ He 's not telling the truth in his text messages
‎ please? Just talk to him
‎ I 'll think about it, okay?
‎ great

‎ bye bye


‎ you are . . .
‎ OK, what do you want to do? Mom, what do you want?


‎ - Otis‎ - Mom
‎ - Are you okay? ‎ - It 's okay, I just . . .
‎ waiting for you to come back
‎ I want to invite some friends over to my house tonight

‎ - Party? ‎ - not
‎ It 's a small party

‎ But I was wondering if you could avoid it?
‎ That 's it, okay
‎ This is not for you
‎ - not‎ - just . . .
‎ - Of course not‎ - you understand?
‎ you are showing your independence to your primary caregiver‎
‎ This is normal
‎ I will disappear
‎ - Otis? ‎ - What 's wrong?
‎ You can tell me anything you want‎ you know?

‎ I know‎ - goodbye, son‎ - goodbye




‎ Are you alright tonight?
‎ Remember, you win this game and you 'll be in the finals on TV, when your friends, family, and college admissions officers will have a chance to see how great you are on a high-resolution widescreen.
‎ Maeve, you are not a lone wolf‎ We are going to work as a team today
‎ That 's how you win
‎ good
‎ I just talked to the coach‎ I think you have a good chance
‎ to be able to go back to the national competition
‎ Of course we 're taking our time, but . . .
‎ Maybe Jackson doesn 't want to talk about swimming right now
‎ You are saying you don 't want to talk
‎ I didn 't say that
‎ - That 's what you meant‎ - everything is fine, so am I
‎ The hands are all right, everything is all right‎ Can we stop pursuing it?

‎ I 'll open the door
‎ Nice to meet you, Mrs Efean



‎ - Eric, who is this? ‎ - I 'm Eric 's Boyfriend

‎ - Nice to meet you . . . ‎ - Racine
‎ Racine
‎ Eric, why didn 't you tell me you had a boyfriend?
‎ - Come in or not. . . ‎ - No more! Mom, we 're in a hurry
‎ we should go
‎ Don 't come home too late, it 's Thursday
‎ - Does your family know you are gay? ‎ - know

‎ I came out when I was 13
‎ Then why didn 't you tell your parents about me?
‎ Our family just doesn 't like to chat very much
‎ Come on, we 're going to be late
‎ - Is it? ‎ - Yeah, we 're going to be late
‎ - Is it? ‎ - yeah, late
‎ The last question, this question is also the key to entering the final
‎ According to the Department of Health‎ What is the most commonly used drug in the UK?
‎ ibuprofen
Incorrectness
‎ hateful
‎ Puzzle quiz club, it 's your turn
‎ I think it 's marijuana
‎ Marijuana is not legal, it 's Punaache, trust me
‎ cannabis
‎ The answer is ‎ Punaache
‎ Morday Quiz Club will enter the finals

‎ - Great! In the finals! ‎ - Awesome!
‎ hard work
‎ I would definitely say marijuana
‎ Have you tried magic mushrooms?
‎ I don 't think I should answer this question
‎ When the others arrive‎ I 'll take out the rest of the snacks
‎ We can have fun
‎ So Eric asked you out?
‎ I heard I 'm having a party at your house
‎ I want to say that I can see your mother
‎ gosh


‎ It must be Eric
‎ I want him to bring a cheese platter

‎ - Hi Debbie, Hi ‎ - How are you?

‎ I 'm fine, fine. . .


‎ Sorry. . .
‎ This is . . .
‎ gosh
‎ I can 't believe it
‎ Who will go?
‎ I wish Jamie and Joe would show up

‎ - Who told you Otis was going to party? ‎ - Trombone Male

‎ Adam?
‎ Didn 't you get kicked out?
‎ I heard his cock is huge
‎ Thanks, Adam



‎ - Hi my babies‎ - Hi Mom
‎ Are you crying?

‎ allergies

‎ These nasty plants are killing me
‎ Fortunately they are beautiful
‎ How is school?
‎ I 'm on the Q&amp;A team again
‎ We are in the finals

‎ I helped my family get two tickets
‎ I 'd be happy if you could come and see
‎ ok, of course I 'll go ‎ cool

‎ How do you dress so beautifully?
‎ I 'm going for a run
‎ With which boy?
‎ no boys, mom
‎ - See you later‎ - Well, what 's his name?
‎ Stop it! no boys
‎ Break, Little Ace


‎ That 's it!
‎ to break
‎ - I thought you had something to do tonight‎ - I am
‎ - I 'm going to run a party‎ - Can I go?
‎ No
‎ It 's your loss
‎ Everyone can 't stop
‎ I thought we were friends

‎Why do you think so?
‎ I don 't want to be stuck at home with my brother tonight
‎ Really, an asset as precious as my brain‎ is dying from boredom
‎ Don 't let it die, Maeve
Confidential?
‎ OMG, ok!
‎ - Should I change my shirt? ‎ - don 't have to

‎ Also, all brains are dying out‎ You are not special

‎ Omg, I have difficulty choosing
‎ I usually follow Mike
‎ I mean
‎ I used to follow Mike
‎ I sometimes use this trick, close my eyes and point at random
‎ - good‎ - very effective
‎ What to order?
‎ please give me a cup of three-legged monkey



‎ - How about you? ‎ - me too
‎ thank you

‎ I promise that self-reliance will be easier and easier
‎ Soon you will wonder why you used to share your TV remote with others
‎ hope so
‎ What about your . . . male friend?
‎ Actually we separated
‎ Oops, what 's the matter?

‎ I found myself becoming too independent‎ to be in a relationship
‎ I sometimes worry about myself
‎ - Becoming like Aunt Gladys‎ - What happened to her?
‎ She choked on microwaved food
‎ - what? ‎ - No body found for two weeks
‎ Really?

‎ - thank you‎ - thank you
‎ - To Aunt Gladys‎ - To Aunt Gladys

‎ - sorry‎ - hey!
‎ - Eric, hey, I 'm going to kill you‎ - hey

‎ Why? I didn 't date so many people
‎ - Is Euler here? ‎ - Why is she here?
‎ - We both broke up‎ - Well, I thought the purpose of the party was
‎ Just that you want Euler to know how relaxed you are
‎ - Can I get you a drink? ‎ - ok
‎ Well, Otis has to have a drink, bro . . .
‎ This is the closest you can get to being cool in sixth grade
‎ Have a good time, okay?
‎ enjoy . . .
‎ - The wine is coming‎ - Thank you
‎ Cheers



‎ (To Euler, can you come and take your things away?)
‎ this
‎ This is not very friendly to people with disabilities
‎ - You thought of it yourself‎ - You didn 't even think of it
‎ How a wheelchair can handle these steps
‎ sorry
‎ - Then let 's go home‎ - I don 't want to go home
‎ I 'm here to run
‎ But that means you have to carry me
‎ - Are you kidding me? ‎ - Do I look like I 'm joking?
‎ Hello, this kind sir
‎ Can you be kind enough to escort me out of my wheelchair? ‎ These ladders are so ridiculous
‎ - I just had the cast removed, so I can 't help you‎ - It 's okay

‎ It 's a bit tense
‎ Have you dated before?
‎ So who broke whose heart?
‎ Shut up, Isaac
‎ brothers
‎ - Can you please help . . . ‎ - Isaac
‎ - Did Isaac go down the stairs? ‎ - Of course
‎ - Enjoy the party, Isaac‎ - Get it all, one, two . . .
‎ Then I think it 's you
‎ we 're done talking
‎ Jackson, are you looking forward to your fitting tomorrow?
‎ - please, you . . . ‎ - bro
‎ He wouldn 't do shit like Shakespeare
‎ See, he 's coming back for a swim
‎ Ruby looks so spicy tonight
‎ You want to be beautiful
‎ Flash, Marchetti
‎ Here comes Dex
‎ - Hi‎ - I don 't have time to say hi to you
‎ I have to talk to him, but I don 't know what to say
‎ Just walk up to him and say, 'Hey, Dex' ‎ and ask him how he 's doing today, or talk about his favorite game, or any other geeky topic you like.
‎ Then continue to chat‎ and see what will happen next, simple
‎ Just be yourself, okay?
‎ I just found out you had the cast removed‎ This is great news
‎ Yeah, I have to go back to jail again
‎ I 'm joking, go get your man
‎ - Is that Maeve? Why is she here? ‎ - I 'm on a date with her
‎ - what? ‎ - you gotta talk
‎ I don 't want to talk to her, she can talk to me
‎ Who is that boy?
‎ don 't know
‎ I don 't really like this kind of situation
‎ What kind of occasion do you like?
‎ Probably somewhere quietly reading a book
‎ Everyone needs someone else
‎ Could this be the slogan of Drugs Anonymous again?
‎ No, it 's more like a core value
‎ Who is that boy who has been staring at this place?
‎ That 's Otis
‎He threw this party‎ We 're a little embarrassed right now
‎ - Is he your boyfriend? ‎ - not
‎ But you want to date him?
‎ You know you 're not a psychic, right?
‎ But I 'm guessing it 's close, right?
‎ Don 't tell me yet‎ You don 't think he 's my type at all
‎ No, he 's totally your thing
‎ I bet his wit and charm‎ must be sweet and not intimidating
‎ Actually, he looks a bit like me, but he 's not as interesting as me, which means I 'm definitely your favorite
‎ Shut up!
‎ - hey ‎ - hey
‎ - This is my friend Isaac‎ - Hey, Isaac
‎ - How do you get into a wheelchair? ‎ - don 't do this
‎ - You shouldn 't . . . ‎ - It 's okay
‎ This is related to an accident caused by a strong wind
‎ true or false?
‎ 4.3 trillion combinations, but theoretically‎ just 20 spins to unlock
‎ so funny
‎ Wei, can I ask you one thing?
‎ What is your favorite color?
‎ Probably Ocean Green
‎ No, I 'm asking about the square
‎ Sometimes I 'm in the supermarket . . .
‎ Likes to observe others. . .
‎ Then imagine yourself having sex with them

‎ last week
‎ I have fantasies about a male Zumba teacher
‎ Then . . . what did you fantasize about?
‎ I 'm on the dance floor . . . ‎ He 's at the bar
‎ We meet eyes

‎ Then‎ all of a sudden we started making love on the back of the dance floor
‎ - Then we should go dancing‎ - It 's just my fantasy
‎ I know, but let 's go dance
‎ - good‎ - good
‎ - Let 's go dancing‎ - Let 's go dancing
‎ dance

‎ I didn 't know you were partying at home
‎ - You didn 't invite me‎ - Hi Euler
‎ I am ad hoc
‎ Very casual, this is a very relaxed decision
‎ - you know ‎ - you asked me to come over
‎ take something away
‎ Yes, I. . . Yes, so. . .
‎ you left a t-shirt
‎ with . . . a mug you bought‎ with our face on it
‎ I don 't want it anymore
‎ good
‎ - And some tools, from your dad 's ‎ - Okay

‎ upstairs
‎ about research
‎ Nick wants to go home love love because your party is sad‎ and I can 't have a dirty chrysanthemum
‎ - Of course, I talked to Racine‎ - Did you tell Racine?
‎ I didn 't tell Racine about you
‎ I am extremely professional
‎ Racine says . . .
‎ Racine says . . .
‎ Racine says . . .
‎ you squat
‎ you squat

‎ re-release
‎ I think you should leave
‎ - but I live here‎ - I don 't care
‎ okay
‎ I 'll get another glass of wine, this one has germs

‎ asshole

‎ - Why do you keep avoiding me? ‎ - I don 't have
‎ listen
‎ I 'm so sorry about your kiss‎ I didn 't mean to make you angry
‎ Can we go back to what we were before?
‎ We can no longer be friends
‎ It 's so confusing
‎Wait! Lily, can we talk?
‎ Lily!
‎ Marchetti, I 'm going to crush you in training this week

The dead


‎ Here you are, you have to help me deal with Dex
‎ What are you doing?
‎ I made it myself
‎ I put my hands under the weight plate‎ because I wanted to stop‎ and I really stopped, it felt great‎ but now . . . ‎ it started again, if not stopped
‎ My head is about to explode‎ I just wish this would stop . . .
‎ - What to stop? ‎ - This fucking stress

‎ it 's fine
‎ But you can 't keep hurting yourself
‎ How would you explain this time?
‎ I have a conflict with someone
‎ But I didn 't do that, so . . .
‎ I wouldn 't do that either‎ I know it 's stupid, so . . .
‎ I 'm sorry, I don 't know myself, why am I repeating this to you?
‎ You have to tell your parents what you did
‎ Don 't be silly! they won 't understand
‎ That 's not stupid
‎ Statistically self-harming people are nine times more likely to commit suicide than others
‎ You must seek professional assistance
‎ I don 't need professional assistance
‎ I just have to tell them‎ I won 't live up to their expectations anymore
‎ You hurt yourself, Jackson
‎ Data display . . .
‎ I don 't care what your data says, Wei!
‎ What 's the problem with you?

‎ You say you have no friends because you are busy, but it is because you are a fucking robot
‎ Thank you so much, Jackson
‎ thanks for telling me


‎ hateful

‎ Will this help you forget him?

‎ Omg, Steve, this is our song
‎ - we don 't have that ‎ - that 's probably me and Kyle
‎ But this song is still good

‎ - hey‎ - hey
‎ Are you okay?
‎ - Dude, you 've had enough ‎ - Eric . . . no

‎ He, do you think that 's her boyfriend?
‎ I don 't know, Otis
‎ Otis, that 's pure vodka
‎ Jackson, here you are
‎ I thought you wouldn 't come‎ I was going to make roast chicken, but I didn 't
‎ Or did I actually do it?
‎ Why do you hate me?
‎ You know Maeve broke up with me‎ because she fell in love with you, right?
‎ But you haven 't dated her yet
‎ Take your time to pack up‎ Hey!

‎ I 'm Otis, everyone calls me Xiao Ou
‎ - No such thing‎ - I 'm pretty sure
‎ I 'm not talking to Maeve now‎ but I can chat with you
‎ We can still dance‎ Because dancing is not the same as talking


‎ Would you like some vodka?

‎ Want it?




‎ Amy
‎ Don 't touch me, Steve‎ I don 't like you touching me anymore
‎ - But I 'm Your Boyfriend‎ - I don 't . . .
‎ I don 't want a boyfriend, sorry

‎ Can I tell you one thing?
‎ What 's wrong?
‎ I have no friends
‎ Me too!
‎ Sometimes I 'm so lonely
‎ will cry
‎ Me too!
‎ Although I miss Mike
‎ But now that he 's gone, I feel so free
‎ I don 't think I should have done that to Jacob
‎ I miss him
‎ What?
‎ I can 't hear
‎ We should come out and play again
‎ Good!
‎ Dancing is awesome!


‎ Drunk Otis is a monster
‎ He 's a monster, so evil
‎ Hey, Mr. Squat and Release
‎ Why didn 't you ask me to make it to the end with you?
‎ I don 't want to put any pressure on you
‎ I will wait for you to be ready


‎ What is he doing here?
‎ don 't know

‎ I 'm sorry, I 'll be right back
‎ Hey, can I talk to you?
‎It was really embarrassing‎ but someone told me you already knew
‎ So. . . ‎ I have to learn how to. . . enema
‎ Why can 't you discuss it with your boyfriend?
‎Listen, I 'm ready to fuck up‎ but it 's embarrassing
‎ If you can 't even talk to him about an enema, you 're definitely not ready to let him put his dick in your ass
‎Wait!
‎ You don 't come to the window anymore
‎ That 's right
‎ What am I doing wrong?
‎ You 've been bullying me for so many years, Adam
‎ You upset me for years
‎ You are one of the main reasons why I can 't treat myself well
‎ And you want me to believe that you suddenly changed?
‎You feel ashamed‎ and I can 't go back to that state
‎ I have to work really hard to love myself‎ I won 't hide myself anymore
‎ I am scared

‎ I think I am bisexual
‎ Are you okay?
‎ You can 't even hold my hand
‎ - Racine can be ‎ - I think everyone hates me
‎It 's hard to like someone who doesn 't even like yourself‎


‎ found

‎ Hey Otis
‎ Otis
‎ I 've got my stuff, I 'm leaving
‎ Okay, break, Euler
‎ You asked her out, but not me
‎ I didn 't date her, it was Eric who asked her without permission
‎ I don 't want her at all
‎ I 'm leaving too
‎ Maeve, Euler, please don 't go, stay
‎ I have something to tell you, I have something to tell you
‎ I 'm going to tell everyone, because
‎ I can

‎ Sorry, Connor
‎ Guys, I 'm sorry, everyone, look here
‎ I have something to announce
‎ Can you turn the music down a bit? I have something
‎ would like to say to my guests
‎ This is Euler
‎ I don 't know if everyone recognizes her‎ She is quite petite. . .
‎ Also funny, funny, beautiful‎ She used to be my girlfriend‎ until she said I couldn 't see Maeve again
‎ Now, everyone knows Maeve, the scary Maeve
‎ In fact, she is not scary at all, she is pretending
‎ In short

‎ Maeve says she likes me
‎ I like Maeve too
‎ I love Maeve‎ much more than Euler
‎ - Otis . . . down. . . ‎ - but I want to be a good boyfriend
‎ So I told Maeve‎ 'I 'm sorry, but I can 't see you again'
‎ Then Euler dumped me
‎ Yes, it 's super confusing, I 'm confused
‎ But I think it might be a good thing
‎ Because I really want to be with Maeve
‎ I didn 't want to be with Euler, and then I found out
‎ Maeve Willie loves to play with other people 's feelings‎ and she doesn 't care
‎ Like she brought this . . . man
‎ I don 't know, maybe it 's to make me jealous
‎ not useful at all
‎ definitely useful
‎ In short
‎ She 's probably the most selfish person I know
‎ I think it 's great that I didn 't date them‎ because I deserve someone better than them
‎ Thank you all for attending, good night
‎ Not good night, stay and have fun
‎ please play music

‎ You don 't have to thank me
‎ - What 's wrong with her? ‎ - you 're an asshole
‎ Hey!


‎ Are you leaving? install
‎ I actually want to stay a little longer
‎ okay
‎ That . . .
‎ about having sex‎ I hope I didn 't put too much pressure on you
‎ As long as you don 't want to do it, we don 't have to do it
‎ Yes, I know, thanks
‎ Okay, let 's go
‎ good bye
‎ Nick?
‎ I want to have sex with you
‎ It 's just that I never tried
‎ I don 't know how to do an enema

‎ you should have told me
‎ Anwar, I didn 't know anything about this kind of thing before
‎ I teach you if you want?
‎ - ok‎ - ok?
‎ - hmm‎ - good
‎ let 's go
‎ Otis, you are too much

‎ gosh
‎ - What are you doing here? ‎ - I don 't want to go home
‎ Why did you throw your shoes on me?
‎ I 'm angry
‎ Do you want to smash something?
‎ okay


‎ - I can 't wait here, Isaac‎ - but you have to . . .
‎ - Forget it‎ - Sorry

‎ - You are so generous‎ - Sir
‎ please enter
‎ turn around
‎ so beautiful

‎ good
‎ What the hell happened?
‎ Don 't use wind, teens, or Afghan dogs as excuses this time
‎ okay

‎ I was ten years old
‎ Joe and I still live with my parents
‎ For drugs, they 'll tell us to go out
‎ Anyway, that day, I bet Joe didn 't dare to climb a certain tree‎ He got scared halfway through
‎ So to prove that I am braver I have to climb all the way to the highest point‎ I also climbed
‎ Then I fell
‎ That 's it
‎ Do you blame your parents?
‎ no
‎ but sometimes blame them for not raising us
‎ That part was pretty bad
‎ Well, I have something to tell you too
‎ Listen, I was eight years old
‎ My mother didn 't send me to school
‎ She was sleeping most of the time
‎ I want to get some baked bean toast to eat
‎ My brother has to call an ambulance
‎ That beans must be hot

‎ Yes
‎ Anyway, that 's it
‎ That Otis wouldn 't understand this kind of shit
‎He won 't understand‎ There is no such thing in his little world
‎ - Otis also has problems with his family‎ - That 's different
‎ If a person grows up and realizes that the person who is supposed to make sure he has a good life goes away like this . . . ‎ This can leave deep scars
‎ But those scars also make a difference
‎ You and I are just so different
‎ I want to stress ‎ I 'm sorry I said that to your mother
‎ I think I 'm just jealous that someone comes back to you
‎ - Go to bed now you‎ - ok
‎ But wake up the neighbors

‎ Thank you for staying with me, it was fun tonight

‎ - break away‎ - let 's go
‎
‎



‎ hi
‎ This is actually pretty good
‎ Did you go well with that boy?
‎ anticlimactic
‎ I think I should focus on myself for a while
‎ That 's right
‎ You are too smart to run after stupid boys
‎ Your mother, that 's how I go astray
‎ Wait until they become men, men are more predictable

‎ Really good words, Mom
‎ - Don 't put your feet on the sofa in boots‎ - Okay

‎ Now‎ Where do I see?

‎ Jackson
‎ - come in‎ - sorry
‎ I know it 's past curfew
‎ I have to tell them

‎ - Are you really ready? ‎ - I 'm ready

‎ Are you drunk?
‎ a little
‎ I went dancing with Jane Milburn
‎ fun
‎ Let 's rebuild, Maureen
‎ We 've already discussed
‎ What did she tell you about me?
‎ It 's all things I already knew
‎ Good night, Mike

‎ Awesome party, Mrs Milburn
‎ What about Otis?


‎ (Maureen Grove‎ had intimacy issues in a long-term relationship) ‎ (suppressed in marriage‎ Are you cold to her son) ‎ (Bullied! Severe damage to her confidence)






‎ Subtitle translation: Lin Nianzhen
