Kids maybe you want to know
How much of the story I tell you is true
good question
After all, there is a fine line between a good story and a blatant lie.
There 's never been another man like Uncle Barney
It 's easy to move between the boundaries
I also like to travel
Is it? What 's the best place you 've been to?
Hawaii is nice
I have a buddy who lives in Seattle as well.
But the best place to be is... the moon
hello my name is Neil Armstrong
Come on, there 's no way you could convince that girl that you 're the first person to land on the moon in human history.
You were born 7 years after man successfully landed on the moon!
T ed little doll listen up
Our spaceship went through a wormhole
Or gamma rays or something
Anyway, I 'm just starting to grow back.
You work in a yogurt shop. Must be wild.
But then again, I did work in a yogurt shop when I was in high school.
really . . . wild
All in all, after 20 minutes, the 'Eagle' landed
We 'turned clouds and rain in the universe'
Houston hears the moaning
Another cosmic pun
Why do you lie all the time?
I 'm not lying, our love is so sweet
I also took pictures
i hate my job
What did you say? Didn 't you just interview the mayor?
Mayor Mai Wangwang is a man in a dog coat teaching kids not to litter
At least he should be
I don 't want to talk about 'Mayor Mai Wangwang'
I want to talk about this amazing 'good taste' insole
Check out their strong impact resistance!
Don 't beat! This table is a decoration!
we 'll be right back
we 'll be right back
I 'm sorry Robin, I 'm so busy
Well, it 's not your fault, even if you only have one reliable interview.

I 'll see when I 'm free in my schedule
But I want to look ahead to all issues
And definitely don 't talk about private life
T ed you dropped 7 peanuts in a row
It 's really sharp, but it 's not enough to make the news
You dropped 7 in a row in your mouth?
7 in a row
But that 's not what I 'm talking about
No what I 'm saying is that I was chosen to build
model of the empire state building
That 's the world 's largest model of a reconstructed New York high-rise.
Is this what you played that night?
i 'm not playing i 'm working
It 's you, it 's me I saw you on the street
Are you Annie ?
yes T ed are you holding a puppet
In the last scene of 'Sleepless in Seattle'?
How long have you been out?
- Ten seconds - yes only the last scene
Oh T ed again?

The pizza is here dear, do you have any cash?
Oh actually . . . I think . . .
I don 't think I should pay
because i don 't like pizza
- What?! - Marshall We drove across most of America countless times
just for a pizza
I caught you eating pizza in the shower once
Marshall our coupons have your cartoon face on them
I 'm not saying how much Marshall likes pizza
But last time he went to the medical doctor and said, 'Marshall, why don 't you eat pizza?'
Marshall said 'why' the doctor said 'so I can check'
But seriously, it 's just kidding you
ok ok actually . . . I don 't have any money because . . .
I was robbed
you . . ? what ?
Can any of you pay Arthur? I 'm starving!
By the way, how is your father?
- much better - that 's good
Honorary production
-= http://ytet.org=- Eden Subtitle Station Translation: Dream Eater R osy
Season 5, Episode 19 Omg you got robbed?

Who did it? Did he wear a black knitted cap and beard?
Did he say 'raise your hand'? Yeah Barney because I was in 1947
robbed in a gangster movie
Of course not. I took a shortcut home from Central Park from get off work.
Be careful not to approach
ok ok

really . . . so scary
really . . . so scary
What are you doing ?
I 'm practicing how to pretend to be robbed in the future
And then tricked the girl into sleeping with me out of sympathy
Barney This doesn 't work, does it?
- Absolutely works - then you practice
I can 't believe someone pointed a gun at my Marshall baby
I 'm shaking now I 'm afraid I won 't be able to sleep tonight

Darling, I have something to give you a good night 's sleep
Just press this under your pillow to make sure you sleep like a baby
Robin take that thing away
It won 't hurt, I put the safety hitch on...
ok calm down
We don 't need guns I just want to forget about it
then go on living
Just wanna forget about it all
then go on living
It 's a good thing, but I think I need to add some tears or something.
listen darling i know it 's scary but look at me
I 'm fine, shall we forget it?
That 's fine, but I 'm going to replace it with 'Can you help me forget about it?'
Baby you don 't have to worry about me yeah I 'm a little scared but I 'm from New York
I won 't let this change my life
I 've changed! I 'm playing with guns!

- get the magazines - maybe we should take a break . . .
I said 'get the magazines'
do you want a gun ?
Not a big one, just a cute little pink beretta gun
It 's a perfect match with the sandals I just bought
In addition, use our new credit card to buy
You don 't need a gun All the survey data in the world shows
It 's safer to have no guns at home than to have them
especially in our house
You know I always accidentally hurt you
Simple isn 't it?
Hurry up dear the party is about to start

oh my god lily i thought you were going to dress up as a sexy feral cat
i changed my mind
Now you want to take a gun home?
I know you 're right but as soon as I close my eyes
Think of someone pointing a gun at you
You are my everything Marshall
If anything happens to you I will . . . I will . . .
ok ok i understand
I have to confess one thing
Actually, the robbery that day was not what I said before.
So he does wear a black knitted cap
I 'll just say no. He 's not wearing a black knitted hat.
he wears nothing
So. . .
Be careful not to approach
ok ok
He robbed you naked?
I don 't want to know where he put his gun
Are you sure that 's a gun?
Not like this I came home from get off work in Central Park . . .
Stopped at the zoo for a while
Be careful not to approach
ok ok
you told us . . .
You were robbed . . .
by a monkey
I was robbed by a monkey
You were robbed by a monkey ?
yes i was robbed by a monkey
I felt embarrassed so I made up a story
But the point is Lily, you don 't need a gun
Forget about guns, let 's keep talking about this
Wow now even the monkeys are starting to rob ?
It really is a jungle of survival of the fittest.
Omg that monkey has our address
What if he 's a gangster? Don 't come to our house one day to rob
Why don 't you just go to the zookeeper and get your wallet back?
Because after I saw how monkeys play with wallets
I don 't want to come back
Hey guys what 's up?
The truth about Marshall 's robbery is revealed
Is that right? The culprit was caught?
Yes he is already in the iron prison where did he find it ?
I guess it was throwing poo on a tree with a bare bottom
I 've seen that guy that 's why I hit it
Do you know how to catch him?
- Grab its tail- Grab its tail!
What 's going on?
Well Robin things are like this
Don 't make me tell this is my story
Little Marshall eats bananas at the zoo
I didn 't eat bananas!
If you have to talk, don 't talk nonsense
The right banana fell to the ground

No bananas at all! No . . . bananas
Marshall I sincerely apologize
Robin things are like this
oh my god don 't shoot
No bananas at all!
Come on, Barney Marshall won 't be robbed by a monkey
M a r s h a l l ?
He was right about that.
Comrades, this is not surprising, okay?
in Thailand China Costa Rica
Someone is always robbed by monkeys
monkeys are social animals
their social dynamics
make them inherently prone to theft
You were robbed by a monkey!
maybe it 's just curious
Were you wearing a yellow hat? Marshall said seriously it 's a wonderful story
Can I interview you on the show?
What? He 's on your show? What about my model?
A ghost who only plays with dolls if he wants to watch the show
First things don 't
Second, you just invited a doll-player on the show
So your doll is favored by connoisseurs
Will win the Rheinbeck Collector 's Award next month
Of course they have to continue to be obedient.
I found out last year that one of them was having an affair with a G.I.Joe
what 's so funny
What are you thinking ?
What if you 're pregnant? And you asked him back for a follow-up interview
That 's just because the FBI asked us to help hold him down
They 're going to search his house
Come on Marshall I need this story
It 's all-inclusive crime monkey no stupid Empire State Building model
That stuff took up my whole living room and made everything smell like glue
Come on even if it 's for me . . a friend?
- It 's fun to watch you on TV too - yeah
Well . . . you can guarantee that in telling this story
Can you not make it a joke about me being robbed by monkeys?
You were robbed by a monkey
- my god i just got robbed - what?
I just told a girl in a bar . . .
I 'm totally freaked out
I just want to forget this forever and go on with my life
you poor thing
N e i l ?
N e i l   N e i l
- me. . .
-   N e i l !
Madam my name is not Neil
It 's Bar . . . ah ah ah !
Why do you call him Neil?
Because that 's his name he 's Neil Armstrong
that cyclist?
I thought you were on a mission?
I thought you just got robbed
ok i can explain this
You know I got robbed on my way to the launch pad
And the man who robbed me took the keys to my ship
Success Who is interested in playing threesomes ?
- I- I want too
This is the best threesome ever
Strange because you look like you just got two vodka tonics thrown in your face
You still have lemons in your hair
This story is better with my ending
. . . okay?
So started in weightlessness
The three of us wore nothing but space flight caps . . .
Marshall you won 't believe
I told my producer about this monkey heist and he loved it!


- Yes! - Really? Great
I mean who 's ever heard of someone being robbed by monkeys?
No one except in Thailand China Costa Rica
many other countries
Monkey crime is an extremely common nuisance
The best thing is that he said this news might make it to the national stage
Guys this monkey money grab story might make me famous
Me too
Guys can 't I can 't . . . I can 't do this
- It 's going to be a little embarrassing. So what. - Not for that reason.
man
I didn 't get robbed by monkeys
So . . . so you weren 't robbed by monkeys?
I do not
So you 're saying the monkey tricked you into handing over your wallet?
I didn 't say that. It was you who robbed the monkey?
Guys no monkeys at all
is a man with a gun
You are definitely not a monkey standing on the shoulders of another monkey
Wearing a military waterproof top ?
Probably about the same height, not me. . . .
I just made up a story to tell Lily not to buy a gun
Not a monkey at all
- I don 't believe- what?
You heard me I think you did get robbed by monkeys
You just don 't want to be on Robin 's show
because you 're afraid it 'll make you a big joke
- Isn 't it? - Big joke because it 's so funny
But it really didn 't happen, okay?
I can only lie to you because you are my best friend
i continue
But I can 't lie on national TV
T ed you know him the longest is he telling the truth ?
T ed don 't . . .

I can 't see
he smells good
But I really can 't see it

I still think it happened
Maybe but Marshall if you weren 't robbed by monkeys
You can 't get Robin to report on the show
It could hurt her credit
Forget it, reporters don 't lie
I 'm sorry but I won 't believe Jack Palance is dead unless I see the body
Well this might be a scare for you Barney
But people don 't like to hear lies wrong, they don 't like to find out they 've been lied to
'Because a lie is the most beautiful story until it is debunked by the truth'
Barney S tinson Quotes
Proof of what that girl Sarah did to me!
I think you want to talk about what you did to her
no i mean what she did to me
The truth is I 'm afraid that threesome story
didn 't quite develop as I said
Success Who is interested in playing threesomes ?

Lisa and so on
What Neil?
Are you Lisa?
Sarah and so on
listen. . .
I am not Neil Armstrong
I 'm sorry I lied, I don 't think I was completely honest with you either
I said I was only 28 but in fact I was 31
If we 're all being completely honest, I went to the doctor the next day and found out . . .
31 years old
I am very happy to think that
I soaked a 28 year old girl but her skin was a little bit more aged from the sun
people want lies
Marshall they need lies and that 's why
To me you were robbed by a monkey
as sure as i played a threesome
I am the strongest in the world!
B a r . . .
Barney Is this a three-way belt?
You know
I slept so well last night
Can you believe I almost bought a gun?
I 'm so glad it was a monkey who robbed you

Okay . . . you got it right
I was just a little nervous I was robbed by a monkey
yes! i knew it
Wait, now I think you haven 't been robbed by a monkey
Don 't do this T ed Why did he make up something like this?
yeah don 't do that T ed
come over
Well, seriously, what is that cologne?
So the next night we all went to the Robin show
Okay Marshall now take it easy
All we have to do is let you... .
What the hell is this thing?
I don 't know what looks like the blanket is covering
Want to know what it 's gotta make it on the show
Be careful of you being thrown out by my blanket
If you don 't get this stupid model out
What are you doing, man?
I don 't think Marshall lies on TV
when he backs down
I want to prepare a way back for my friend Robin
or 102 floors
Because that 's also the floor of some iconic New York building.
Now I want to buy a gun
- the monkeys are here too - yes surprise
We thought bringing it in would make the story richer
so you can face your attacker
yes because of this event we will send captain bobo to a wildlife sanctuary
I bet it 'll like it there
not lady
You see we have to separate it from its mate Milly
they have been together for a long time
Its spouse 's name is Milly ?
Then the interview started
Marshall Describe what happened in your own words
we i . . .
I 'm glad to tell you what happened Robin
But I 'm just I 'm just curious what 's under that blanket
We 're not here to discuss that, we 're here to discuss your robbery
Yeah it 's not unusual to be robbed in New York Robin
But what are the chances of seeing something mysterious under the blanket?
Can Mike get a shot?
- we 'll be right back - all right
What the hell are you doing? Robin I. . .
I didn 't get robbed by monkeys
I just made up this story so Lily doesn 't buy a gun
So you weren 't robbed by monkeys?
No what are you talking about baby? Of course I got robbed by the monkey
Great to tell America we 'll start in 5 seconds
No no no no 5 seconds I didn 't get robbed by monkeys
Okay so I 'm going to buy a gun
No no! Don 't buy a gun I really got robbed by a monkey
That Captain Bobo is going to be sent away
No I wasn 't robbed by monkeys!
- Has T ed Marshall been robbed by monkeys? - No clue
Tell me, have you ever been robbed by Captain Bobo?
yeah baby tell us what 's going on
Yes Marshall tell us the truth

That 's when Marshall realized he could only say one thing
OK! The truth is this
I. . .
. . . going home to sleep
That 's it
We still don 't know what happened to Uncle Marshall 's wallet
we only know
Lily didn 't buy a gun and Robin 's credibility is not compromised
And Bobo and Milly have been together since then
Living happily at the Central Park Zoo
Oops
Okay T ed bring the mic
Put on the microphone and put on makeup
Well, it doesn 't satisfy me
When I tell this story at work, I still have to say I was robbed by a monkey
And I 'm going to tie the bananas to a string and add it, it 'll work
Barney lies should stop
You can 't force an ending
Just because you 're not happy with how things ended up
Really ?
Remember my words M osby
One day you 'll understand me when you tell this story
i doubt
Then kids you won 't believe what happened
The monkey escaped
It took my doll!
B obo come here B obo

It climbed that building!

Bobo come here
I 'll catch it

Is this true? true T ed true
Honorary production
