
This is the Countess of Morcar 's house. Thank you Countessof M orcar  ' s , thanks . God she 's back My God , she  ' sback .

She got out of the carriage S he  ' s getting out of the carri age .
Quick Ryder Quick Comeon, Ryder, getamoveon.

Got it fixed . . . looklively .
Alright Allright .
Hurry up, get moving. Get moving.
A l l   r i g h t .
The Countess hated to see the plumber hanging around her house Herladyshipwon  ' twantworkmenunderherf eet .
ok don 't worry i fixed it A llright , I finished , don  ' tworry ,
Listen to you and I can step up and work quickjob , like yousaid .


It 's so beautiful. Oh , yeah , yeah , nice , nice .

Countess 's eh?
C o u n t e s s ,   e h ?
Also wear it on a date. . . H avetogetbyappointment only . . .
Let 's go mate Comeon , lad , out .

Can go A llright .

Just put it aside Overtherewilldo .

Here, for the three of you.
Thank you Mrs. T hankyou , milady , Merry Christmas to you and Merry Christmas , milady .

Call me a cup of tea Cusack Ringfortea , Cusack .
good lady Yes , milady .
I need a cup of tea to refresh myself I needsomethingtosustai nme .
Christmas Eve preparations are really torturous. I dofindpreparing for C hristmasquiteanordeal.
You are right madam Yes , milady .
Take a shower afterwards A ndthen , abath , I think .

Mrs. Milady.
Sapphire Thebluecarbuncle ,
Sapphire was stolen thebluecarbuncle, it 'sstolen.
Open your eyes and see Openthemup, there.
Oh john she would love this is so beautiful Oh , John , she  ' llloveit , itisbeautiful .
Just like her mother Justlikehermother. Can we afford it?
B u t   c a n   w e   a f f o r d   i t ,   t h o u g h ?
I told you I made a little money lately I told you , I madeanicelittlebobort wolately .
Even without money now it 's Christmas E venif I hadn  ' t , it  ' s Christmas .
You are so considerate John Horner You  'reagoodman , John Horner . I 'm so lucky I  ' maluckyman ,
Wife and children are awifeandkidslike I  ' vegot ,
Merry like a fairy meansasgoodasaking . Then buy this doll for my daughter S o , it  ' sthedollforthegirl ,
What do you think about this boat for the boy? and the boat for the boy, right? That 's it. Right. Can 't wait to sell the loot Horner?
S p e n d i n g   t h e   l o o t   a l r e a d y ,   a r e   w e ,   H o r n e r ?
What do you mean? What doyoumean ? I did nothing what do you mean ?
I ' v e   d o n e   n o t h i n g ,   w h a t   d o   y o u   m e a n ?
John Frederick Horner ,
You for theft of the Countess of Morca I herebyarrestyouonthec hargeofstealing
the valuable gem known as the bluecarbuncle,
Sapphire was arrested the property of the Countess of M orcar . What you said . . . A nythingyousay . . .
I didn 't steal I really didn 't steal I didn  ' tdoit , I tellyou , I didn  ' tdoit .
A mansawyou was seen in your hotel.
What The Hemanatthehotel describes is you giveaverygooddescriptionofyou. The sheriff is not my steal. Believe me Constable.
I   d i d n ' t   d o   i t ,   I   t e l l   y o u ,
let me go is really not what I stole letmego , willyou , I didn  ' tdoit .
Oh Oh .


Mr Holmes ?
M r .
H o l m e s ?

Mr Holmes ?
M r .
H o l m e s ?
Mr. Peterson Abbotsett 's janitor . . . Mr. Peterson , the commissionaire from U pasit . . .
Don 't bother me . . he  ' dlikeawordwithyou . O h , please , goaway .
Oh Oh .

Mr. Holmes sorry to disturb you I  ' msorrytodisturbyou , M r .
H o l m e s .
Peterson put down the goose Peterson, putdownyourgoose,
And your hat andyour , yourhat . You bought a fat goose I t  ' safinepurchase , I really like to eat fat goose for Christmas dinner I myselffavoragoosefor Christmasdinner .

But the problem also lies in Mr. Holmes. Well, that  ' spartoftheproblem, Mr. Holmes.
This goose is not my thebirdisnotmine.
You might say that I got you Youmightsay , I comebyit .

' Dedicated to Mrs. Henry Baker ' Oh , ' for Mrs. Henry Baker , ' Apparently this is not your hat andobviously , notyourhat .
Certainly not Mr. No, sir.
Special circumstances Well, therewerepeculiarcirc umstances,
I don 't know what to do with it and I didn  ' tknowwhattodoforthebe st .
Calling the police a little too much I thardlyseemedamatterf orthepolice . I told my wife about it S o I talkedtothewifeaboutit ,
She suggested that I come to you and she suggested I come and see you .
Your wife is very smart. Thewise Mrs. Peterson. Sit down my dear friend S itdown, mydearfellow,
Tell me about special cases and describethesepecul iarcircumstancestome .
Well it 's like this Well , sir , itwas like this .
I just finished a Lastnight I wasonmywayhomefromali ttle on my way home last night,
little party uh , celebration
It 's right to exchange holiday wishes. T owisheachothertheseas on  ' sgreetings . E xactly .
Holiday Blessings Theseason  ' sgreetings .
You are amazing sir Oh , you  ' reatop , sir .

To your good health , sir .
As I said before I was on my way home Well , as I wassaying , I wasonmywayhome
Encountered an accident when I cameacrosswhatyouwoul donlydescribeasafrake l .
hey what are you doing?
O y , what  ' shappening ? Hey it 's the police . . . B limey , it  ' sacopper , . . .
Everyone, run away, run away, Getoutofhere.
G e t   o u t   o f   h e r e .   快 逃   G e t   o u t   o f   h e r e .

I 'm helping you, man. I 'm trying to help you, man.

The hooligans all ran in one direction Well, throughsranoffinoned irection,
The drunk also slipped in the opposite direction and thedrunkfellowrano ffintheother. I tried to stop him but he apparently thought I triedtostophim, but henodoubtthought I was a sheriff I wasaconstableabouttoa pprehendhim
Arrest him for the breaking of the window .
So thou hast captured two booty
and a good Christmas goose andmostunimpeachableC hristmasgoose. I am eager to return them Bothofwhich I wouldwillingly return to their original owner Mr. Holmes have returnedtotheirrightfulowners,Mr.
H olmes , but I don 't know where to start but thetruthis , I didn  ' tknowhow . My dear Peterson I understand your predicament M ydear Peterson , I doseeyourproblem .
Anyway, I said A nyway, as I say, I discussed with my wife I discussedthematterwit hthegoodlady,
Decided to put these two things andwedecidedthat I wouldbringboth
The hat and the goose bring you thegooseandthehattoyo u,Mr.Holmes,whether this little thing can cause seeingashoweventhesli ghtestofproblemsisofi nterest
You are interested in your special lineofoccupation.
I hope I didn 't waste your time Mr. Holmes. I hopeyoudon  'tthink I 'mwastingyourtime, Mr. Holmes. Of course Notintheleast.
Okay janitor No owthen , Commmissionaire , have you bought your own geese? Haveyoupurchasedyouro wnbird yet?
N o , notyet . Then I suggest you bring this goose home. Then I suggest that you carry of fthisgoose
sothatitmayfulfillits ultimatedestiny,
And I 'll take good care of the worn felt hat of Mr. Whohaslosthis C hristmasdinner that lost the Christmas dinner while I retain the batteredhato ftheunknowngentleman. Just listen to your Mr. Holmes Well, ifyouthink I should, Mr.r.
H o l m e s .
So be it I do , indeed .
Despite the cold weather there are signs that Fortherearesigns, inspiteofthefrost,
time to eat it thatthisbirdshouldbeprepared no need to leave it withoutunnecessarydel ay
H o l m e s .
As soon as there is progress I willofcourse,
I will contact you keepyouintouchwiththe developments .
Good sir Verygood , sir . uh happy holidays Oh , uh , may I wishyou the complements of the season .
Also wish you and your wife A ndtoyouandyourgoodwif e .


You still haven 't found the jewel Butyoustillhaven  'tfound thejewel. It 's not Mrs. Notyet, no, milady, but the thief we caught is Horner butwedohavetheman, Horner.
What about the clues for the gem Orhaveaclueastoitswher eabouts .
We infer A nd I thinkwemayasume
He has accomplices maybe more than one thatthehadoneaccomplice, ifnotmore. What do you mean? Well, whatofthat?
Madame and the plot of the novel are the opposite Contrarytopopularficti on , milady ,
Thieves have no credibility thereisverylittlehono ramongstthieves, when they see the money they forget the credibility and evenlesswiththerig htinducement. money you mean a reward?
Inducement , doyoumeanareward ? Uh yes U h , yes . Why should I offer a bounty ?
W h y   s h o u l d   I   o f f e r   a   r e w a r d ?
In my experience it is quite effective Inmyexperience , anditisconsiderable ,
I have found that the offer of areward
Could lead that greedy thief out wouldverysoonsetthegr eedycatamongstthecrim inalpigeon . Is it? W ell ?
It would be weird if I shouldbeverysurprised no one to claim the reward within 2 4 hours if I did not gain resultswith in 2 4 hours .

How much is the reward?
H o w   m u c h ?
Holmes ?
H olmes ? Oh you are there Oh , you  ' reup .
The C ountess of M orcarisofferingathous and pounds
Looking for the whereabouts of the sapphire for there turn of the blue carbuncle . Inspector B radstreet of BD ivision, Inspector B radstreet of BD ivision, is in charge of the case,
He has arrested John Horner and hasarrested Mr. John Horner , 36 years old a plumber aplumber , age 36 ,
Strongly pleaded his innocence whoprotestedhisinnoce nceinthestrongestterm s .
As circumstantial evidence is conclusive, Circumstantialevidence wassostrongthatthecas e
The case has been referred to the circuit court hasbeenreferred to the A ssizes. Horner emotionally charged in lawsuit Horner, whoshowedsignsofinten seemotion
Passed out during the proceedings, faded away at the conclus ion and was carried out of the courtroom and was carried from the c ourt . Sorry you were busy Oh , excuseme , you areengaged .
Excuse me to study hats I aminterruptingyourstu dyofthathat .
No it 's totally worthless No , no , no , thematterisaperfectly trivialone .
But there are several issues related to it Buttherearepointsinconnectionwithit
But not so boring whicharenotdevoidofin terest ,and even instructive evenofinstruction .I suppose this hat looks ordinary I supposethathomelyasit looks ,
In fact, it is related to a life-threatening matter thatthinghassomedeadl ystorylinkedtoitthat is the clue that can help you solve a mystery isthecluewhichwillgui deyouinthesolutionofs omemystery andthepunishmentofsom ecrime .
No no no no No , no , no , no , this is just one of the many oddities itisjustoneofthosewhi msicallittleinstance 4 million people squeezed into a few square miles thatwilloccurwhenyouh avefourmillionpeople
This kind of small land is indispensable to jostlingeachotherwith inthespaceofafewsquar emiles .
So what do you see in this broken felt hat?
S o , whatdoyougatherfromth atbatteredoldfelt ? You know my methods Y ouknowmymethods .
To the personality of the person who wears such a special felt hat Whatdoyouyourselfgathe rastotheindividuality
Have you figured out what? of themanwhohaswornthi sparticle? It is Watson I twasaccompaniedbyagoo se, Watson.
On the fat goose 's left leg was a small card that read ' F or M rs . Henry Baker , ' wasprinteduponasmallc ard
' Dedicated to Lady Henry Baker ' attachedtothebird  ' sleftleg .
Apart from the abbreviation Well, apartfromtheinitialsi nside,
H.B. presumably refers to 'Henry Baker' H.B., presumably Henry Baker.. .
I can 't see anything else. . . I canseenothing. On the contrary Watson, you can see everything. Onthecontrary, Watson, youcanseeeverything,
But you don 't make inferences about what you see but you fail toreason for whatyousee . You have too little confidence in your inference abilities Youaretootimidindrawin gyouinferences .
Then Then , pray ,
tell me what inferences you made from that hat? tellmewhatitisthatyou caninferfromthatthat? this is a learned man
This can be seen at a glance is , ofcourse , obvious . And in the past three years Andalsothatthewasfairly well -to -do living fairly well withinthepastthreeyea rs ,
Although he is now down and down althoughnowhehasfalle nuponevildays . He used to be visionary now he is not as good as he was Hehadforesight , butlessnowthanformerl y ,
The spirit is getting more and more decadent, pointingtoamoralretrogression, plus the family downfall which, when takennwiththedecli neofhisfortunes, he should have contracted the vice, maybe the bar seemstoindicateanevil influence, probably drink.
I 'm afraid this is also his wife T hismayaccountalsofort hefactthathiswife
The reason for not loving him anymore hasceasedtolovehim. My dear Holmes M ydear , H olmes .
But he still retains the last self-respect Hehas , however , retained some degreeofs elf - respect ,
He is reclusive and now he leadssasedenta rylife , totally lacking in exercise isoutoftrainingentire ly . Is a middle-aged man with gray hairH e  ' smiddle - aged , hasgrizzledhair
Just had a haircut in the last few days whichhehashadcutwithi nthelastfewdays , also smeared lemon balm and whichheanointswith lime - cream on the hair. And there is no way I tisalsohighlyimprobab lethathehasgas in his house
There are kerosene lamps laidoninhishouse .
You must be joking Well , now you are certainly joking .
No joke at all Notintheleast .
I do not doubt that I am dull Well, I havenodoubtthat I amverystupid.
For example, how do you infer that he is knowledgeable? For example, howdoyoudeducethatthe manisintellectual?
This is a volume question I tisaquestionofcubicca pacity .
A man with such a big head must have a lot of stuff in his head. A manwithsolargeaheadmu sthavesomethinginit .
What about the middle of the road? Well, thedeclineinhisfortun es, then?
These flat brim caps Theseflatbrimswiththec urlededges
Was popular cameinthreeyearsago three years ago. Watson This is a top quality hat I tisahatoftheverybestq uality , Watson .
Look at the silk band and the luxurious lining Look at the band of fribbeds ilk and the excellent lin ing .
If he could afford such an expensive hat three years ago, I fthismancouldaffordso expensiveahat
And never bought a new hat threeyearsago , andhashadnohatsince , so obviously he was down and down thenhehasassuredlygon edownintheworld . What if he was visionary in the past and is now mentally decadent ?
What about theforesighta ndthemoralretrogressi on ? This shows that he has a visionAh, hereistheforesight, the hats sold are thesesecurersarenever solduponhats without elastic.
So this is the Ifthismanorderedone he ordered, which just shows that he has a vision itisasignofacertainam ountoforesight,
He used this method since hewentoutofhiswa y to prevent the hat from being blown away by the wind totakeprecautionagain stthewind . But you see he broke the elastic B utasyouseethathehasbr okentheelastic
But he is reluctant to take the time to re-book an andhasnottroubledtore placeit, which shows that he is depressed aweakeningnature. Ummmmmm.
In addition, there are points that he is a middle-aged man
gray hair recently cut thatthishairisgrizzled , thatithasbeencutrecen tly ,
Lemon ointment and thattheanointsitwit hlime-cream were applied on the head, which can be inferred from the inspection of the lower part of the hat lining canalltobegatheredya ninspection ofthelowerpartofthelining,Watson.
Looking at the wet stains, it is obvious that he is sweating a lot.
So not a man who is diligent in exercising. Therefore, notinthebestoftraining. Then he. . . his wife B uthis - hiswife ,
He just said she doesn 't love him anymore yousaidshehadceasedto lovehim . This hat hasn 't been brushed in weeks T hishathasnotbeenbrush edforweeks .If I see a man 's hatW hen I seeaman
Withaweek  ' saccumulationofdustup onhishat ,
And his wife ignores and hiswifehasallowedh imtogooutinsuchastate ,I fear he has unfortunately lost his wife 's love tolosehiswife  ' saffections .
He might be a bachelor. He emightbeabachelor. Not that he wanted to give the goose as a nice gift to his wife Nay, but hebroughtagooseasa peaceofferingtohiswif e.

Don 't forget the card attached to the goose 's leg, Rememberthecardattache dtothebird ' sleg .
You can always find the answer Yes , well , you have an answer to everything .
慢 着   J u s t   a   m i n u t e ,   j u s t   a   m i n u t e ,
How do you deduce that there are no kerosene lamps in his house? howdoyoudeducethatthe reisnogaslaidoninhish ouse?O netallowcandlestain,
Or two drops of candle oil may have been dropped by chance on oreventwo , mightcomebychance ; but Watson when I see more than 5 drops but when I see , Watson , nolessthanfive , knew he couldn 't have got candle oil from a kerosene lamp henevergotcandlestain sfromagasjet , Watson.
Are you satisfied?
A r e   y o u   s a t i s f i e d ?
Your brain is so smart Well , it  ' sallveryingenious . That goose Mr. Sherlock Holmes that goose Mr. r .
H o l m e s ,   t h e   g o o s e ,   t h e   g o o s e ,   M r .
H olmes . what is it , is it alive again ? Well , whatofit , man , hasitcomebacktolife
Flapped off through the kitchen window? and flapped off throught hekitchenwindow?
What my wife found in the crop seewhatthewife found in itscrop .
God Peterson this is indeed a hidden treasure By J ove , Peterson , thisisatreasure - troveindeed . Do you know what this is? Youknowwhatyou  ' vegot ?
A diamond, a preciousstone.
I tcutsglasslike itwaspu tty .
This is not an ordinary gem I tismorethanapreciouss tone .
But that precious gem I tisthepreciousstone .
The Hotel Robbery of the World The Hotel C osmopolitanrobbery , the blue carbuncle .
T hebluecarbuncle , indeed .

This is definitely a one-of-a-kind treasure I tisabsolutelyunique ,
Its value can only be estimated approximately itsvaluecanonlybeconj ectured.
And the 1 0 0 0 pound reward offered Andyourreward , Peterson ,
Less than 1 / 2 0 of its market price of this sapphire of 1 0 0 0 pounds is notwithinatwe ntieth .
1 0 0 0 pounds jeez A thousandpounds , oh , Lordhavemercy . You gotta admit Watson Youmustadmit , Watson ,
The information that I deduced from the hat, that mydeductionsinreg ardtothishat, has suddenly increased in importance havesuddenlyassumedam oreimportantaspect.
That 's Sherlock Holmes Yes , pointtaken , H olmes . The question we have to solve now is No , thequestionforusnowto solveistotrace
Sort out the sacks from the theft of gems to the discovery of goose thesequenceofeventsfr omarifledjewelcaseato neend ,
The sequence of events during this period tothecropofagooseatth eother. This is the gem T hereisthestone. The gem comes from the goose Thestonecamefromthegoo se,
The goose is from the goosecame from Mr Henry Baker , he wears the gentlemanwiththesh abbyhat
There are other characteristics andalltheothercharact eristics. What we have to do now is S o , now , wemustsetourselvesver yseriously find this gentleman tofindingthisgentlema n ,
And to find out what role he played in this mystery and to ascertainingwhat parthehadtoplay in thislittlemystery. Here at F ound at the corner of G oodge Street ,
Picked up a goose and a black felt hat agooseandablackfeltha t .
Mr. Henry Baker, please at half past six pm Mr. r.
Henry B akercanhavesamebyappl yingat 6 : 3 0 thisevening to Baker Street 2 2 1 B Room collection is simple and clear at 2 2 1 B , Baker Street , clearandconcise .
yes but will he see it
It 's a heavy loss for the poor forthepoorman , thelosswasaheavyone . Peterson sent it to the advertising agency Oh , Peterson , uh , justnipdowntotheadver tisingagency
And in all the evening papers and have thisputinallth eeveningpapers . In which paper sir?Which , one , sir ?
The Globe, The Star, Pall Mall, St James 's Palace, The Globe, Star, P all Mall, St. James 's Bissett, The Echo, The News Evening News ' Standard ' Echo , Evening News , Standard ,
and all the newspapers you have to think about andalltheothersthatma yoccurtoyou .
This is to do Mr. Rightaway , sir .
What about the gem? A ndthestone?
I shall keep this gem I shall keep thestone .
Thank you PetersonT hankyou , Peterson .
Hands up Mr. Yes , sir .
And Peterson Oh , and Peterson , can you buy me a goose on the way back? uh , wouldyoupickupagooseo nyourwayback ?

Give him the money G ivehimthemoney , willyou , Watson .
I must buy a goose for Mr Henry Baker Wemusthavesomethingtog ive Mr . Henry Baker instead to take theplaceoftheon e
The one which your family willve rysoonbedevouring for your whole family to enjoy.
ok thank you sir Oh , thankyou , sir . 1 0 0 0 pounds? A thousandpounds ?
1 0 0 0 A thousandpounds .
1 0 0 0 pounds 1 0 0 0 pounds A thousandpounds , athousandpounds .

What are you going to do with the stone? U m , what , uh , willyoudowiththestone ?
I 'm going to put it in my showcase I shallkeepitinmymuseum .

Horner Well , Horner ,
The countess is angry with me Her L adyshipisnotatallplea sedwithme . You are locked up though You are underlock and key ,
But she was more concerned about the whereabouts of the gem butshe  ' dratherherbluecarbunc lewas . I never took the gem Sheriff N evertookit I nspector . . . this . .
W ell - where did you hide it say T ellmewhatyoudidwithit , and , uh ,
Maybe I can help you plead with the judge I 'llputinagoodwordatyou rtrial .
But if you don 't know each other But , ifyoudon  't -
Since I married Jerry I 'vebeenonthestraightfor years,
I 've always been on my feet eversince I married J enny . If you don 't tell the truth, I fyoudon  ' t ,
When the judge learns of your previous conviction and when the judgehearsa boutyour previousconvi ction,
I 'm afraid you 'll never see your sweet wife again youmightneverseeyourp rettywifeagain . I got you Horner but I need the gem more I  ' vegotyou , Horner , but I need thatjewel .
What a beautiful gem I t  ' sabonnything ,
Behold how radiant justseehowitglintsand sparkles. Of course it is the root of evil Ofcourse, itisanucleusandfocuso fcrime, every precious gem is so everygoodstoneis.
They are the devil 's bait, Theyarethedevil ' spetbaits.
In the larger and older gems Inthelargerandolderjew els
Every facet represents a cruel crime every facet may stand for abloodydeed .
It was found in the banks of the A moy R iverinsouthern China by the river in Xiamen, South China,
Its peculiarity is that except that it is blue andisremarkableinhavi ngeverycharacteristicofthecarbuncle,it has all the characteristics of rubysavethatitisblueinste adofrubyred.This gem has been around for less than 20 years.T hisstoneisnotyettwent yyearsold.
Although I nspiteofitsyouth has been around for a short time, there has been an unbearable history italreadyhasasinister history.
Two murders T herehavebeentwomurders ,
A case of acid disfigurement, a suicide, avitriol-throwing, asuicide, and several robberies all attributed to andseveralrobberiesbr oughtaboutforthesake
This forty-grain crystalline carbon ofthisforty-grainweightofcrystallized charcoal. Who would have thought that such a beautiful adornment would be a supplier of criminals to gallows and prisons?couldbeapurveyortothegallowsandtheprison?
Come in Comein.
Are you Mr. Henry Baker?
M r .
H e n r y   B a k e r ,   I   b e l i e v e ?

Please sit near the fireplace P lease , drawnearthefire .
It 's so cold today I think your blood circulation I tisacoldnightand I observethatyourcirculation must be stronger in summer than in winter ismoreadaptedforsumme rthanforwinter .Sit down now Do ositdown .
This is my friend and partner Dr. T hisismyfriendandcolle ague , D r . Watson . Hello Sir Howdoyoudo , sir ?
Mr Baker Mr. r.
B a k e r . . .

Is this your hat? isthatyourhat?
Yes this is indeed my hat Oh , yes , oh , itisundoubtedlymyhat .
Thank you sir T hankyou , sir . I would have advertisedit slossbutshillings
But I 'm not as rich as I used to be, have notbeensoplentifulwithmeastheyoncewere .
I thought the gangsters who attacked me I hadnodoubtthatthegang ofroughs took the hat and the geese whoassaultedmehadcarr iedoffbothmyhatandthe bird.
I don 't think it 's necessary to spend more money for what I can 't get back I didnotcaretospendmoremoney inahopelessattemptatr ecoveringthem . Of course I can understand Yes , well , ofcourse , thatisveryunderstanda ble .
By the way your goose Oh , bytheway , aboutyourbird ,
we had to eat it wewerecompelledtoeati t .
Eat T oeatit . If you don 't do that then the goose is really bad to eat I twouldhavebeenoflittl eusetoanyonehadwenotd oneso .
But we bought another goose on the sideboard Butwehaveanothergooseu ponthesideboardthere ,
I think it should be about the same as your goose which I presumewillansweryour purposeequallywell .
The weight is about the same. I tisaboutthesameweight, and very tender and perfectlyfresh, asyoucansee. Oh of course Oh, yes, mostcertainly.
Of course we still keep the original goose 's Ofcourse , wehavekeptthefeathers , legs , crop ,
Feather leg crop and more if you want andsoonofyourownbird , ifyousowish .
It might be useful as a souvenir of my adventures I tmightbeusefultomeasr elicsofmyadventure , but beyond that I canhardlysee
I don 't see what usethedisjectamem braofmyoldacquaintanc e of my goose is of any use to me couldpossiblybetome. If you don 't mind Oh, no, sir, withyourpermission,
I . . . I think my concern is I - I shall confinemyattenti ons
The fat goose I saw on your kitchen cabinet totheexcellentbirdwhi ch I perceiveuponyoursideb oard . I would beinterestedtokn ow
Where did you buy that goose wheretheotherbirdcame from . I am very interested in raising poultry Yousee , I amsomewhatofafowlfanc ier ,
I rarely see such a good fat goose and I haveseldomseenabetter grownbird . So I buy goose to you I twouldbeofgreatintere sttometoknow
The details are of great interest precisely howitcameint oyourpossession . Is the club to my sir a goose club I twastheclub , sir , thegooseclub .
Goose Club? To be more specific, T hegooseclub , theexactcircumstances ?
I . . . I 'm not a rich man I - I amnotarichman , as you can see sir my life is embarrassed asyoumaysee , sir , but I makeahumbleliving ,
But with dignity to say this andrespectableone, if I maysayso, I work in the British Museum. Doing research?
S t u d y i n g ?
Well Studying, youmightsay, also helping others with research and helping others witht heirstudies.
I have read a lot of books I - I haveacertainknowledge ofbooks . I left work early that dayT hatday , sir , I hadfinishedworkearly
I left the museum in the afternoon and leftthemuseuminthe afternoon .
I went to the Alpha Hotel beforecallinginatthe A lpha P ublic House after finishing my personal affairs I hadalittlebusinesstoa ttendto .
Some colleagues of the museum S everalofus who workinth emuseum often go there frequently that establish ment , this year our good shopkeeper and this yearour goodhos t ,
Mr. Windigate founded a goose club, Mr. Windigate, hadinstigatedagoosecl ub, on consideration of some few penceeachweek by which, on consideration of some fewpenceeachweek,
We all received a goose weweretoreceiveabina t Christmas at Christmas. To your Mr Baker T hereweare, Mr r.
B a k e r ,
A good fat goose averyfinebird, aspromised.
What a rare fat goose boss Magnificentspecimen , indeed , landlord , eh .
Can you rehabilitate with your wife now?
P utyoubackinthewife  ' sgoodbooks , eh ? I 'm afraid she is still a little unhappy with me Well , sheisstillsomewhatirk edwithme , I  ' mafraid .
When I find a lucrative job againThingsmaydoubtlessimpr ovewhen I am
Everything will definitely get better oncemoreingainfulempl oyment .
Oh definitely academic work Oh , anacademicnature , ofcourse . My promising Yeah I haveexpectations .
This is the 8 pence I owe you last time Well , I oweyouonelastpaymento feightpennies , eh .
'Get Rich' Mr. Baker? S truckitrich, havewe, Mr. B?
I happened to meet one I chanceduponaacquaint ance
Compassionate acquaintances actually ofsympatheticdisposit ion , I , thatistosay ,
I sold him a few of my books I sold some of mybooks . Not yours Mr Baker Oh , notyourbooks , Mr r .
Baker . This is also a last resort Mr. Wendygate Needsmust , Mr. r.
W indigate , this winter is more embarrassing than ever andatthisseasonofthey earmorethanever ,we must not deprivethose welove ,
The person you marry should cherish oreventhosetowhomwear emarried. Put this gift of goodwill aside first. A ndso, ifyouwillsetasidethis impressivepeaceofferi ng, I have to relieve the pressure I shallfortifymyselffor thefray
So bring me a big glass of whisky with alargeglassofwhis key and a pint of your best beer andpintofyourmostexc ellentbeer .

Merry Christmas Merry Christmastoyou .
Merry Christmas Mr Baker Sametoyou, Mr.
B a k e r .


On my way home Well , sir , onmywayhome
I was attacked by a group of hooligans I wasattacked by thegango froughs ,
I thought they stole my goose who I believed hadstolentheg oose .
My hat was also lost in the scuffle M yhatcameoffinthescuff le .
I . . I remember I - I rememberlittleofit , a uniformed police officer showed up at the scene savethatauniformedoff icerappearedonthescen e
So we all fled andweallmadeoff.
Of course we can understand Yes , ofcourse , wequiteunderstand . In that case Inthecircumstances . Good results are really good Well , alliswellthatendswell .



I am very grateful for your trouble sir I ammostindebtedtoyou , sir , foryourtrouble .
I want this scotch hat A scottishbonnet , I fear ,
Neither my age nor my identity isfittedneithertomyye arsnortomydignity .
Happy Holidays Mr. M ycomplementsoftheseas ontoyou , sir . So are you Mr. A ndtoyou , too , sir .
Thank you Oh , thankyou , sir .
Oh right Oh, uh, bytheway,
Do you have kerosene lamps in your house? doyouhavegaslaidoniny ourhouse?
Of course kerosene lamps do not have Gas, alas, no. Very good Jollygood.
Merry Christmas M erry C hristmas . Merry Christmas to you both A ndtoyouboth , gentlemen .
Well that 's the end of Mr Henry Baker Wellthen , somuch for Mr r .
H e n r y   B a k e r .
He apparently knew nothing about gems. He obviouslyknowsnothin gofthematter. Mrs Hudson Ah, Mrs.
H udson . Watson , are you hungry ? Watson , doyouneednourishment ?
Not very hungry Notparticularly. Excellent S plendid.
Mrs. Hudson changed our dinner to supper Mrs. Hudson, weshallturndinnerinto supper,
We 'll follow up this cluewhileitisstillhot .
Can it be hotter than a late night snack?
W h i c h   i s   m o r e   t h a n   t h e   s u p p e r   w i l l   b e .

Good evening gentlemen it 's so cold tonight G oodevening , gentlemen , andaverycoldone .
I tis , indeed , landlord , itisindeed .
What would you like to drink?
A ndwhatshallbeyourplea sure ? Beer Watson? Beer , Watson ?
What? Oh good What?
Oh , yes , splendid . Two glasses of your best beer T woofyouverybestglass esofbeer .
Wait a minute Mr Rightaway , sir .
If your beer is as good as your goose Y ourbeershouldbeexcell ent
That is the purest beer ifitisasgoodasyourgee se .
My goose? Whatgeese?
We were just half an hour ago with Yes .
Weweretalking , um , halfanhourago Mr Henry Baker, member of your goose club, talked toa Mr .
H e n r y   B a k e r ,   a   m e m b e r   o f   y o u r   g o o s e   c l u b .
Well those geese aren 't our Yes , butyousee , them  ' snotourgeese . Whose is that? W hose , then ?

I got the whole twodozen from a vendor in Covent Park that Well, I got the whole
Bought 2 4 fromasalesmanin C ovent Garden . What 's his name? W homightthatbe ?
Brackinridge Nameof Breckinridge , a supplier who always has good stuff apurveyorofthefinestquality .
Remind you if you want to buy a goose Mindyou , ifit  ' sabirdyou  ' reafter ,
I can go to him at once I  ' dgettohimassoonasposs . You also know that now is Oh , it  ' saverybusytimeofyear ,
Busiest time of year asyou 'llappreciate. Thank you Well, thankyousomuchforyour advice.
Can I have another beer?
W i l l   y o u   h a v e   a   g l a s s   o f   b e e r   w i t h   u s ,   l a n d l o r d ?
God bless you sir Well , Godblessyouforagentlem an .


Go to Brackenridge Now , for Mr .
B r e c k i n r i d g e .
Have to go now?
C a n ' t   i t   w a i t ?
Watson we are following a trail which hasbeenmissedbyt hepolice, wehavebeengivenalineo finvestigation
This clue fell into our hands by chance and whichasingularchan cehasplacedinourhands .
We have to follow the clues to the end No ow , letusfollowitouttothe bitterend



Stop crying P lease.
I also want to believe you John I wanttobelieveyou , John , I do , really ,
But I can 't refute what the police said but I can  ' targuewithwhatthepoli ceissaying . But they only said they arrested me because I was there that day Butthey  ' reonly saying thatcause I wasthereontheday . I was just doing odd jobs I twasanoddjob .
Is it really ?
I sthatreallythetruth ? I promised when I marriedyou ,
I 'll never lie to you I 'dnevertellyoualie.
I keep my promise I kept my promise , alwayswill .


I also want to believe in you I wanttobelieveyou .

Good evening U h , goodevening .
Good evening G oodevening .
Looks like your geese are all sold out S oldoutofgeese , I see .
Yes I can sell you 500 Y eah , I  ' llhavefivehundredinth emorning tomorrow morning .
Too late Toolate , I think .
Seethestallovertherewi ththegasfire, tryhim at the booth where the kerosene lamp was on.
But I was introduced to you Yes , but I was recommended to you .
Who ?
Oh , whoby ? Thelandlord of the A lpha Public House .
To him bought 2 4 O h , yeah , hehadacoupleofdozenof fme from me.
Those geese are really good Verygoodgeese , too .
May I know where you got it from? W here , may I ask , didyougetthem ?


ok sir herehen , mister , what do you mean ? whatexactlyareyoudriv ingat ?
Straight to the point C omeon , let  ' shaveitstraight , now .
I 've made it very clear I t ' sstraightenough . I just want to know about those geese you sell to the alpha shop I simplywanttoknowwhoso ldyouthegeese
who supplied thatyousuppliedtothe A lpha.I don 't want to tell you that it isW ellthen,I 'mnotgonnatellyou,sonow.

It 's just a little thing I don 't understand I treallyisofnomatter , but I failtosee
Why are you so angry whyyoushouldgetsowarm overatrifle .
When I paygoodmoneyforagooda rticle is it not over? thatshouldbeanendofit ; what 'where is the goose' butit  ' swherearethegeese ,
'who did you sell the geese to' whohaveyousoldthemto, 'how much did you sell for them' howmuchwillyoutakefor them?
It feels like there is no other goose in the world theamountoffussthat  ' smadeoverthem . I promise I have nothing to do with the rest of the people who come to inquire Well , I canassureyouthat I havenoconnection withanybodyelsewho  'smadeinquiries .
Inquiries? It 's literally Inquiries, it 's more like the inquisition. I 'm not telling you I 'mnottellingyou.
That bet had to blow Ah , wellthen , thebetisoff .
What bet? What bet?
What bet? What bet?
I 'll always stick to Well, I 'm malwaysreadytobackmyo pinion my opinion on the matter of poultry onthematteroffowls,
My friend and I bet £5 and I haveafiverwithmyfrien dhere
Said that the goose I chose was raised in the countryside, right? thatthebirdthat I choseiscountrybred , right , Watson ? What ?
Then you lose because it 's feeding the big Ah in town, you 'velostyourmoneythen, causeit 'stownbred.
Not so I tisnothingofthekind.
That 's it. I sayitis.
I don 't believe I don  ' tbelieveyou .
Bring the money Sherlock Holmes C omeon , payup , Holmes . You think I don 't know What , doyouthink I wouldn  ' tknow ,
I have been dealing with poultry since I was a child, who  ' sbeenhandlingfowlsinc e I wasanipper ?
I 'll tell you I 'lltellyou,
The geese sold to the Alpha store were all the birds that went to the Alphaweretownbred.

You can 't convince me You  ' llnevermakemebelievet hat .
Comeon, comeon, dothedecent, Holmes. Will you bet? Willyouhaveabet, then?
That just makes you lose money I  'llbejusttaking yourmon ey , but I 'd still be willing to bet you with a pound but I  'llhaveasovereignwithy ou ,
Just to teach your stubbornness justtoteachyounottobe obstinate . Deal D one .
That 's right.
Take a closer look at Mr Pride No owthen , Mr r.
C ocksure , this is my ledger youseetheseherebooksh ere , well , on which I record the list of those who sold me geese thisisalistofallthefo lkwhat I buyoff .
On this page are all rednecksN ow , onthispageisallmecoun tryfolk ,
This page is written in red ink are all town suppliers andtheseonthissideinr edinkareallmetownsuppliers .
Read me the name of the third person Now you read out that third name downtome . Mrs Oakeshott 117 Brixton Road Mrs .
O akshott , 1 1 7 Brixton R oad . Customer number 2 4 9 Y eah , account number 2 4 9 . Good you look at the general ledger again G oon , then , turnitupintheledger .

Mrs Oakshott egg and poultry supplier? Mrs. O akshott , eggandpoultrysupplier ?
What was the last bill that was recorded?
N o w ,   w h a t ' s   t h e   l a s t   e n t r y ?
2 4 geese for 7 shillings 6 pence T wenty - fourgeeseatsevenandsi xpence , sold to Alpha Inn Windygate soldto Mr .
Windigate of the A lpha P ublic House . Do you have anything else to say ?
S o ,   w h a t   a r e   y o u   g o n n a   s a y   n o w ?
What about this gentleman 's five pounds? What about this gentleman  ' sfiver ?


Well done Sherlock Holmes Welldone , Holmes .
Are you going to see Mrs. Oakeshott tonight?
S h a l l   w e   s e e   t h i s   M r s .
O a k s h o t t   t o n i g h t ?
Why are you bothering you again? Oh , no , notyouagain , I  ' vehadenoughofyou .
I said all sold out Listen, I ' vetoldyoubefore, clearoff.
You listen to me there are two grey crested geese Butthethingis , thereweretwogray - headedgeese . Listen I am so fed up with you and your geese Now , listen , I  ' vehadenoughofyouandth osegeese .
Go to hell y 'all I wishyouwasallatthedev iltogether .
If you annoy me with these stupid things again I fyoucomepesteringmean ymorewithyoursillytal k
I 'll let the dog bite you I 'llsetthedogonyou.
Listen to me Mrs Oakshotttoldme tell me . . . No , lookhere , Mr s . O akshotttoldme -
You bring Mrs Oakeshott and I will answer Youbring Mrs.
O a k s h o t t   h e r e ,   a n d   I ' l l   a n s w e r   h e r ,
But what is this with you? butwhathaveyougottodo withit , eh ? Did I buy my goose from you? D id I buythegeeseoffyou ?
No but there is a goose in there that is my No o; butoneofthemwasmineal lthesame.
Then you go to Mrs. Oakshott for Well, yougoandask Mrs. Oakshottforit. She asked me to come to you Shetoldmetoaskyou.
You can ask the King of Prussia if it has nothing to do with me, Youcanask the King of P rusia , forall I care .
I 've had enough of I  ' vehadenoughofthis . Get the hell out of me G oon , getoutofit .
Save us the trip to Brixton The hismaysaveusatrip to Brixton.




Sorry I just accidentally Excuseme , but I couldnothelpoverheari ng
Heard your conversation with that salesman the conversation you had just now with that salesman .
I think I might be able to help you with this I think I canbeofassistancetoyo uinthismatter .
yes who are you ?
Y e a ,   w h o   a r e   y o u ?
I am Sherlock Holmes Mynameis S herlock H olmes . My job is to know what others don 't know
On the contrary, I know clearly Onthecontrary, I knoweverythingofit.
I know you want to look for I knowthatyouaretryingt ofindout
Mrs Oakeshott of Brixton Road whereaboutsofsomeg eesesoldby Mrs.
O akshott , The whereabouts of a consignment of geese sold to Brackenridge of B rixton R oad , tourfriend , Mr .
B r e c k i n r i d g e ,   o v e r   t h e r e .
And Brackenridge sold the geese to Whointurn , sold them to Mr .
Windigate , Mr. Windigate of the Alpha P ublic House . Sir , you are the man I am looking for Sir , you  ' retheveryman I have longedtomeet .
I can 't express how much I am interested in this matter I canhardly explain to you my interestinthematter . Then I suggest a more comfortable place.Then I suggestthatwecarryont hisconversation
Discuss this inrathermorecomfort . Carriage C ab .



Come in and sit Comein , takemychair .
I 'm going to change my slippers I willjustputonmyslippe rs .
I think we have to know first we are lucky I thinkweshouldknowthen ameofthegentleman
Who is the man for that, right Watson? whom we have thepleasure ofassisting , don  ' tyou , Watson ? John Robinson .
no no no Oh , no , no , no , no ; I asked for your real name yourrealname .
It 's always inconvenient to use a pseudonym for business. I tissoawkwarddoingbusi nesswithanalias. Well Well, uh,
My real name is Ryder James Ryder myrealnameis R yder , James R yder .
Good Mr. Ryder Yes, Mr. Ryder,
The foreman of the World Hotel upperattendantatthe Hotel C osmopolitan .
to Yes .
You should be curious to know the whereabouts of those geeseA nd I supposeyouwouldliketo knowwhathappened especially one of them, tothesegeese , or , rather , onegoose , inparticular , the one with the white body and grey crown? white , withagrayhead ?
Oh sir, can you tell me its whereabouts?
Oh , sir , canyoutellmewhereitwe ntto ? It came to me I tcamehere . You ?
H e r e ?
It 's a pity that it is no longer Sadly, itisnolongerhere.
But this goose died and laid an egg Butitlaidaneggafteritw asdead -
The most beautiful and shiny little blue egg I 've ever seen, thebonniest, brightestlittleblueeg gyouhaveeverseen.
Come, come, I will show you Come, come, I haveit.

Game over Ryder T hegameisup , R yder .
Stand firm beware of falling into the fireplace B earup , man , you  ' llbeinthefire .
This poor bastard is indeed very skinny And whatawretchedlittle shrimpitis , tobesure , he has no courage to commit a serious crime there  ' senoughbloodinhimforf elony .
I have basically mastered all the links in the case I have almost every link in the chain , R yder , you have nothing to tell me youneedtellmeverylitt le .
It was Catherine Cusack who instigated my Catherine Cusackputmeuptoit. She was Her Ladyship 'smaid, the countess ' maid. Exactly.
You heard from the grapevine that Horner Y ouknewfromlocalgossip that Horner had a similar theft hadbeenconcernedinsom esuchmatterbefore .
Then what did you do Sowhatdidyoudo ,
You and your accomplice Cusack in the countess youmadesomesmalljobin milady  ' sroom ,
You and your confederate C usack . You managed to call Horner to Y outhen managed that Hornershouldbesentfor .
And you stole the gem and called the police Butyou , youstolethejewel , then youraisedthealarm unfortunate Horner went to jail and had this unfortunate manarrested .
For God 's sake have pity on me For God 'ssake, Mr. Holmes, havemercy.
Think of my dad my mom Thinkofmyfather , thinkofmymother , they would be heartbroken itwouldbreaktheirhear ts . I 've never done anything bad before I mean , I neverwentwrongbefore ,
I will never dare again I can swear on the bible I neverwillagain. I swearitona Bible. Don 't send me to court Mr. Holmes Oh, don 't-don 'tbringmetocourt, Mr.r.
H olmes . For God 's sake don 't do it F or God  ' ssake , don  ' tdothattome .
Sit back in the chair Getbackintoyourchair .

Now I know I am begging for mercy on my knees I tisverywelltocringean dcrawlnow ,
Then why are you not pitiful butyouthoughtlittleof themanthatyousent
Horner who went to the dock because of you without knowing it? tothedockforacrimeofw hichheknewnothing .
I 'll leave the country I 'll leave the country. I 'll leave the country.
Then the charge against him is dropped then Thechargeagainsthi mwillbreakdown . We will talk about that later on We  'lltalkaboutthatlater .

Now tell me how the gems got into the goose 's belly No owtellme , howcamethestoneintoth egoose ,
And how can the geese be sold in the market? andhowcamethegooseint otheopenmarket? Tell me the truthT ellmethetruth, now, this is your only hope for thatisyouronlyhope ofsafety.
I told you everything that happened I  'lltellittoyoujustasit happened . I thought it was better to take the gem I thoughtitwasbesttoget awaywiththestone
Run away immediately asquickas I could , because I don 't know when the cops will remember for I didn  ' tknowatwhatmomentthep olicemightnottakeit
go search me and my room intotheirheadstosearc hmeandmyroom .
There is no safe place in the hotel T herewasnowhereintheho telwhereitwouldbesafe . I pretended to be sent out of the hotel S o , I wentout , asifonsomecommission , and then went to my sister 's house to try again and madeformysister  ' shousetothinkthingsover .
what 's the matter jem you look terrible Why , Jim , whateverisit , youlookterrible .
I was a little frightened Maggie I hadabitofaturn , Maggie . There was a burglary in the hotel T here  ' sbeenarobberyatthehot el .
You fast into the house You  ' dbettercomein . I went into the backyard where she kept the geese,
smoked and wondered what to do with smokedapipe , and wonderedwhatitwoul dbebesttodo .
I remember that mystomach wasn 't  ' tgonnastop
Where to hide before feelinglikeabagofferr ets
huddled in the corner of the yard and cooing whichwashissingandhud dlinginthecorneroftheyard. My sister once told me I could M ysisterhadtoldmethat I mighthavethepick pick a goose for ChristmasofhergeeseforaChristmaspresent.
I picked out one of the bird s ,
A fine fat goose with a grey crown, afinethickonewithagra yhead.


I pushed the stonedownits throat
Tuck as far as your fingers can reach asfarasmyfingercouldr each .
I thought all the troubles were solved by this time . . .
T h e n   I   t h o u g h t   a l l   m y   t r o u b l e s   w a s   o v e r ,   w h e n . . .
What are you doing with that goose, Jem?
W hateverareyoudoingwit hthatbird , Jim ? You said I could pick one for Christmas U h , yousaid I couldhaveonefor C hristmas ,
I was trying to find out which one is the fattest so I was just feeling which is the fattest .
We left yours out Wealreadysetyoursaside - we call it Jim  ' sbird , wecallit .
Uh Maggie it 's the same for you anyway U h , ifit  ' sallthesametoyou , Ma aggie , I want that one I  'dratherhavethatone I washandlingjustnow that I just held in my hand. But the one I keep for you weighs 3 more Well , thatoneisagoodthreepo undsheavier ,
We are specially fed wefatteneditupexpressly .
Nevermind. Nevermind.
I want that one and I 'll take it now I  ' lltaketheother , and I  ' lltakeitnow .
Just as you like. Which one do you want?
Whichoneisit ? It 's the one with the grey crown in the middle It  ' sthatgray - headedoneinthemiddle . Well Oh , verywell .
Kill it and take it away Killitandtakeitwithyou .


I did as she said Mr. Holmes I didwhatshesaid , Mr .
H o l m e s ,
I took the goose to my friend 's house we used the knife and I carried thebirdtomypal , wegotaknife ,
Open the goose my heart is half cold and weopeneditup , myheartturnedtowater ,
There was no sign of the sapphire in the crop, I knew something must have gone wrong and I knew soometerriblemista kemusthaveoccurred. Where did all those geese go?
W h e r e   h a v e   t h e y   a l l   g o n e ?
Sold to a dealer, Tothedealer  ' s .
which vendor ?
W h i c h   d e a l e r ' s ?
Breckinridge, of C ovent Garden, Covent Garden.
tell me Tellme , justtellme ,
Is there another goose also grey crowned? wasthereanotheronewhi chhadagrayhead ?
Yeah, a total of two T hat  ' sright , two ,
Even I can 't tell them apart. I couldnevertellthemapa rt, I couldn 't. What 's the matter, why are you so flustered?
W ell , what  ' sthematter , what  ' sallthehurry ?
Breckinridge that tothisman Breckinridge;
but he has sold out the geese buthehadsoldthelot , andnotoneword
Still won 't tell who I 'm selling to wouldhetellmeastowher etheyhadgone. I 'm going crazy I 'vegonemad.
A ndnow I 'mabrandedthief now I 've branded a thief, though I didn 't get withouteverhavingtouc hedthewealth
For which I  ' vesold my character .
God forgive me God forgive me God helpme . God helpme .


Get out. Get out.
what ?
W h a t ?
God bless you sir Heavens , blessyou , sir . Shut me up Nomorewords .
Go get out.



I have to admit to Sherlock Holmes I mustconfess , Holmes ,
This was a bit unexpected tobeingalittlesurpris ed.
I haven 't been called to the police station to tell I amnotretained by thepol icetosupplytheirdefic iencies that they don 't know.

Maybe I have committed a felony too but I may have saved someone too Maybe I amcommittingafelony , but I maybesavingasoul . If he is sent to prison he will be a prisoner for life Sendhimtojailnow , youmakehimajailbirdfo rlife .


After all, it is the season of amnesty that comes Listen, afterall, itistheseasonforforgi veness, come.
Midnight is Midnight .
Merry Christmas, Merry Christmas, Holmes.
Merry Christmas my dear friend A ndtoyou , mydearfriend . Wait Justaminute .
holmes john horner also imprisoned holmes , I cannot contemplateeati ng
When I think about it, I can 't eat with peace of mind while John Hornerisstillonremand .
Do you want Bradstree or his colleague Doyousupposethat B radstreetoroneofhisco lleagues
Maybe still working on the case? mightstillbeattheirde sks ?
You 're right Watson let 's go Hewill. You  ' requiteright , Watson , come , let  ' sgo .


