










0 0 : 0 2 : 1 8 , 9 7 2 - - &gt; 0 0 : 0 2 : 2 2 , 8 9 2 ‎ NETFLIX Original Series‎ Good


‎ Can I speak?
‎ I 'm talking
‎ I probably know what 's going on
‎ I 'll just say it
‎ Please don 't forget‎ what happened between me and Mr. Vaga
‎ I hope the past is let it go, because after all, you 're not guilty.
‎ You 're not even locked up for the whole day
‎ I admit it was a bit bumpy
‎ But the road to justice is rarely smooth
‎ So I hope in the end‎ the end result is what matters
‎ You did business with my cousin Duke
‎ Duke?
‎ Of course
‎ I can see you are family‎ Your cousin is very impressed
‎ He is big-hearted‎ and has a strong passion for justice
‎ He 's got a big temper, right? ‎ I didn 't find it
‎ How is your dear grandma?

‎ Duke told me about you
‎ Your tongue is a lotus
‎ yes
‎ the people in the house
‎ What did they call her?
‎ slut
‎ bitch, yes
‎ That 's right‎ The Duke I know

‎ would skin them alive‎ and let vultures eat their eyeballs
‎ But you are there
‎ You said a few words, and they walked out‎ It was amazing‎ They actually went out in a wheelchair
‎ I and Ignacio
‎ There is something you can do for us

‎ Is it?
‎ Yes, we have a legal problem‎ Legal problem?
‎ Well, well, I really... . .
‎ I thought at one point that I was going to swallow a condom full of heroin

‎ no
‎ Maybe later

‎ We have a guy in a detention center ‎ who was caught two days ago
‎ - Why were you arrested? ‎ - This will be explained later
‎ We need this friend‎ Say something to the note
‎ is important
‎ important things to know
‎ We want him to do as we tell him
‎ No more, no less‎ But don 't let the note know it 's us
‎ So we sent you over ‎ You tell him what to do
‎ Slips can 't be heard
‎ Because of attorney-client privacy privileges
‎ Yes, that 's the one ‎ Really flattered


‎ Can I give you this?
‎ I promise there are five of these in the detention center right now.
‎ Just shove a phone into someone 's third eye‎ You know what I 'm talking about
‎ Anyway, you can talk to him directly‎ without the middleman
‎ It will be more effective if you go in and talk to him‎ You are the only one

‎ That 's really . . .
‎ Very good, really useful

‎ I want to remind you in good conscience‎ My charges have gone up
‎ So it 's going to be expensive
‎ How expensive is it? ‎ How expensive, just . . .
‎ - I mean . . . ‎ - how?
‎ good
‎ That will take me all day
‎ Plus preparation, transportation, rush charges

‎ I 'll do the math
‎ about seven thousand eight . . . nine hundred
‎ $25
‎ Yes‎ that 's right‎ Seven thousand nine hundred and twenty-five dollars?

‎ This is the current price, so . . .
‎ no problem


‎ Excuse me, even if it is 8,000
‎ all right

‎ have another drink
‎I don 't know, Mike‎ Is this the end of the night?
‎ I 'll call a taxi for you


‎ Put the key in the cash register and pour me another glass

‎ - hey‎ - what?
‎ Did you see that?
‎ Do you want to help me?

‎ take it off
‎ What?
‎ That, the third one from the count below
‎ I don 't know, Mike
‎ These are sent by guests
‎ It 's Tradition
‎ take it off
‎ Sorry, Mike
‎ take it off
‎ I think you 've had enough
‎ Take it now


Confidential?




‎ please, you know that 's my sister
‎ I just said she was hot
‎ I want to take her
‎ look at this fool

‎ Okay, let 's play a game

‎ Grandpa, where are you going?
‎ Can you lend me $20?
‎ Don 't be afraid
‎ I won 't bite

‎ More than 20 bucks on me, asshole

‎ - Grandpa sucks ‎ - Do you want the old man to talk to you like that?
‎ stop, old man





‎ how?


‎ hey
‎ hey


‎ Are you done drinking?
‎ coming soon
‎ thank you



‎ Are you okay?
‎ it 's fine
‎ I 'm actually celebrating
‎ What to celebrate? ‎ I just found out I am a nonprofit client all day tomorrow‎

‎ No need to deal with Mesa Verde‎ Okay

‎ - respect for justice‎ - good


‎ How about you?
‎ me

‎ I met
‎ couple of interesting people
‎ and some‎ ups and downs
‎ But you know what? ‎ Financially speaking‎ Sal Goodman earns the most today




‎ Good for Thrall

‎ I should go get my stuff for tomorrow ‎ Okay, show them



‎ Newbury is not suitable for everyone‎ Please consult a doctor . . .
‎ sorry
‎ What are you doing?
‎ I have to tear it down to clear it




‎ hey
‎ Forget this
‎ leave it alone
‎ you see this




‎ Do you order delivery?
‎ What 's the matter?
‎ Ignatius?
‎ What?
‎ I 'm looking for Ignacio
‎ Who are you?
‎ I am his dad


‎ Are you okay?
‎ Of course it 's fine‎ May I go in?

‎ Is it convenient?
‎ no problem

‎ hi
‎ Amber, this is my dad
‎ Nice to meet you‎ Me too

‎ I 'm sorry




‎ What would you like to drink?
‎ Want coffee?
‎ no
‎ It 's so big
‎ Also very new
‎ How are you, Dad?
‎ Gutierrez made an offer to me, he wanted to buy the store
‎ Yes?
‎ don 't tell me
‎ He wants to turn it into another tire shop
‎ not
‎ He wants to stay the same
‎ but
‎ He paid more for the situation than for the land.
‎ What are you going to do?
‎ I always wanted to keep the storefront for you
‎ You have to work eleven hours a day
‎ Do you want to die?
‎ What do you think?
‎ sounds like a good deal
‎ Likely
‎ is your chance to retire
‎ You did it, right?
‎ I don 't understand what you mean
‎ You asked Gutierrez to do this
‎ He 's going to give me your money
‎ Dad, no
‎ not me
‎ You want to use this trick to let me go
‎ you want to run away
‎ So you want me to run away too‎ You deny it
‎ tell me I was wrong
‎ look into my eyes
‎ I told you what you should do
‎ drop this line
‎ go to the police
‎ face what you 've done
‎ Run away if you want
‎ But what about me?
‎ I can 't, I won 't run away
‎ nice to meet you, miss

‎ (Judge Margaret Metloff)
‎ - Kim, there is a condition in Tucumcari‎ - Not available now, Daisy
‎ - I don 't want to disturb you either, but . . . ‎ - I told you to deal with it
‎ - We have, but . . . ‎ - Dai, it 's not convenient right now, okay?




‎ good
‎ good
‎ Miss Weissler, I see your motion to dismiss
‎ and a one-page response from the prosecution
‎ Your argument is sound, but I 'm going to veto the motion
‎ Your Honor, I would like to remind you‎ this is just a domestic dispute‎ - my client . . . ‎ - don 't talk about it
‎ This is not the first time your client has had a negative interaction with the victim‎, showing behavioral patterns
‎ So I still agree with the prosecution‎ This matter deserves to be discussed in court
‎ - Your Honor‎ - Jury Selection Begins June 16
‎ Unfortunately not as we wished
‎ But we knew there was little chance of dropping the case
‎ The judge seems a little pissed
‎ Yes, she looks like that, but she 's fair
‎ Now the prosecution will come back to us‎ offer a more pragmatic plea bargain
‎ But if we don 't like their terms‎ I believe the lawsuit will be won
‎ What does it mean?
‎ We got a chance to explain what happened to a jury of ordinary people‎ You 're trying to do good, I think they 'll understand
‎ Have faith, okay?
‎ - ok‎ - sorry, I 'll be right back ‎ It 's Ricky, this is the second time he 's called
‎ Hey Ricky
‎ I 'm confused, I thought you 've gone to Tucumcari by now
‎ - Ricky‎ - I just hung up with Kevin Wartel
‎ He wants you to go over now and deal with it yourself
‎ I 'm flattered, but my clients need me
‎ I 'm going to be here all day
‎ all I can tell you is that he hit twice in 40 minutes
‎ I promise Tucumcari is in control
‎ Other colleagues are capable of handling
‎ Help me find out‎ You are not in a murder case
‎ Ricky, Kevin That 's it
‎ Don 't get me wrong, I respect your dedication to ‎ public service clients
‎ But Mesa Verde can 't be offended
‎ Do you agree with this?
‎ Of course
‎ Everyone is here
‎Occasionally you have to give something to get something, understand?

‎ Viola has briefed Dai and Gary
‎ They will take over your case in the afternoon‎ Apply for adjournment if necessary
‎ So hurry over there as soon as possible
‎ OK, I 'll go over here




‎ Who are you?
‎ Thank you officer, we 'll call you when we 're done talking

‎ sit
‎ Who are you?

‎ I am your new lawyer
‎ - I didn 't look for a lawyer‎ - Yes, you didn 't
‎ by Lalo
‎ I didn 't say anything, I kept my mouth shut
‎ I know, don 't worry
‎ I have only good news for you
‎ Well, we have a lot to do
‎ How is your memory?




‎ ( Government Vehicles, New Mexico, USA)
‎ borrow
‎ (Hank Shredder, Department of Justice)
‎ Mena, how is your son?
‎ - He 's fine, Hank ‎ - He 's third baseman?
‎ - I 'm a catcher‎ - I 'm a catcher
‎ - Hey, Steve‎ - looking good, Mena


‎ I ask you
‎ Does Blanca throw something away on the day it expires?
‎ Like what?
‎ Anything, milk, ketchup, soy sauce‎ When the clock strikes midnight, Mary will fill me with a big bag‎ and urge me to take it out and throw it away
‎ Most are still fine
‎ What?
‎ Food banks do not accept expired food
‎ Thank you, great writer‎ I once found a jar of expired vanilla frosting‎ I was fine with it


‎ What are you?
‎ Hey, aren 't you talking about expired food? ‎ I think this is relevant


‎ Hurry in and have a quick fight




‎ good
‎ Domingo Molina
‎ Caught with half an ounce‎ street-grade drug pack‎ That 's trade weight
‎ Silent for the first two nights
‎ All of a sudden, I want to speak. Okay.

‎ I 'm all ears‎ Let my little eyes open with joy
‎ What if I knew‎ where is the half a million drug money?
‎ What if? ‎ What if?
‎ If it 's true, you 're in a good mood
‎ my partner was right‎ that kind of intelligence can bring good things

‎ tell me the details
‎ Where did the drugs come from and who did the money go to
‎ Your boss 's name, who do you report to
‎ Say this first
‎ OK‎ The tip is regularly handed over in cash, right?

‎ But they don 't come face to face with the big head‎ Keep the money at a different point
‎ - Change hands? ‎ - yes
‎ Sounds like a big move
‎ Hello! Hey
‎ Quiet‎ Did you talk to them?
‎ You talk to my client ‎ without his lawyer present?

‎ Who are you?
‎ Sal Goodman, I 'm Mr. Molina 's attorney
‎ You violated his constitutional rights
‎ Thrall, I really take it
‎ - No way? Is that your real name? ‎ - listen, officer
‎ Special Agent‎ from the Drug Enforcement Administration?
‎ I see, well, it 's a federal agent
‎ Has Quantico not taught the constitution these days?

‎ Quantico is the FBI
‎ I don 't care, the DEA, the FBI, or the Environmental Health Agency
‎ Please leave the two of you now, the door is there
‎ - go out‎ - your client waives the requirement for a lawyer to be present
‎ He certainly didn 't
‎ - I have‎ - Shut up please? no one is talking to you
‎ - He wants to talk to us ‎ - Is he out of his mind?
‎ - He bumped his head as a child‎ - I want to tell
‎ - No, you didn 't! ‎ - I have
‎ Sounds like he wants to talk
‎ you . . . wait for me, come here
‎ come here



‎ You know . . . we talked about it?
‎ You can 't speak . . .

‎ I am doing my job
‎ is to protect you from being hurt by you!
‎ - I 'll tell you if you like it or not‎ - I 'm going to be killed by you

‎ well, listen
‎ What my client is going to do‎ I think a big mistake
‎ It also shows his extreme lack of confidence in his lawyer‎
‎ Honestly, my heart hurts
‎ He insists on negotiating, so let 's talk
‎ Did you know?
‎ We 're not interested‎ I feel like I 'm being led away‎ and it 's the bad kind, you know what I mean
‎ - not half a million at all, never ‎ - Exactly
‎ - wait‎ - let 's flash people
‎ - Wait a minute‎ - Good afternoon, you two
‎ - you guys wait a second ‎ - goodbye
‎ - we 're done ‎ - the two of you


‎ What if we were conditional?







‎ Conditions?
‎ under what conditions?
‎ Consequentialism‎ Mr Molina continues to detain
‎ For you to confirm his specific limited information
‎ What if he didn 't find it?
‎ Then he 'll stay here, we 're back to square one
‎ - but if his intelligence bears fruit . . . ‎ - arrest
‎ What?
‎ If his intelligence leads to an arrest



‎ good
‎ If his intelligence leads to arrests, he will be dismissed
‎ okay? How can you refuse? ‎ It 's a win-win for you



‎ just wait for us ‎ ok
‎ OK, Domingo
‎ start talking
‎ Say it
‎ Like I said‎ The tip is regularly handed over in cash
‎ I don 't know who to get the money
‎ I only know on Thursday night‎ there will be three changing hands
‎ - wait‎ - how? ‎ Listen, I know how this sort of thing ends
‎He broke the news with you‎ You squeezed him dry like a sponge and threw him back on the street
‎ He told the public that he was a whistleblower‎ He ended up bleeding to death at his mother 's house

‎ - what? ‎ - This kind of thing doesn 't happen, okay?
‎ Did you hear what I said? ‎ My client can 't be a target when he goes out





‎ Well, we 'll cover him
‎ Assuming he 's not bluffing
‎ We 'll set it up ‎ He goes out because his lawyer is a genius
‎ Well, he 's not someone 's informant, understand?
‎ You can 't pass him around like a venereal disease ‎ He 's your personal informant
‎ He calls me when he gets caught, I call you ‎ You have to do it
‎ Don 't bother
‎ good
‎ but subject to conditions
‎ - Of course‎ - it 's best worth it

‎ Of course
‎ good
‎ Like I said, there are three changing hands
‎ The first is on Chavez Road‎ under the bridge over Heathday Street
‎ The second is the train shed at the Wardren Air Machine Works

‎ (Tucumcari Service Center‎ Mesa Verde Bank Trust)
‎ thank goodness
‎ Is he home?
‎ Now, he never seems to leave
‎ - I 'll warn you first, he 's upset‎ - Understood




‎ Mr. Ike, I miss you at home!
‎ My name is Kim Weissler‎ I really want to chat with you!

‎ Hi Mr. Ike
‎ Thanks for talking to me
‎ There is some misunderstanding between us
‎ Clearing up misunderstandings is good for everyone
‎ - Can I go in? ‎ - you stay where you are





‎ okay
‎ As far as I know, your family has been here since 1974
‎ You built this beautiful house‎ but you never owned the land
‎ It is leased to you by the local company Dijing Investment Property‎ The lease term is 100 years
‎ I still have seventy years‎ yes, but I know‎ it might be hard for you to understand
‎ But your lease states that the landlord can always
‎ Buy it back with you at the market price plus 5,000 yuan
‎ I know 5,000 bucks now‎ is not as useful as it was in 1974‎ We also know‎ it must be very inconvenient for you
‎ So to show kindness
‎ Mesa Verde increases your takeover money to 18,000‎ 18,000? ‎ Yes
‎ No one ever explained it to me like this
‎ Eighteen thousand is a lot of money
‎ I dare say with this money‎ I can buy a big mansion with a swimming pool
‎ - Mr. Ike, we don 't know enough . . . ‎ - Do you a favor?
‎ I would spread my feet out like this
‎ You 'll just close the end‎ and kick me under me?
‎ It 's not necessary
‎ You guys are all the same‎ Soulless, mercenary
‎ Please, Mr. Ike‎ Can we have a civilized discussion? ‎ Adverse trespass means this is my land
‎ you make that argument in court‎ and the judge will overrule you
‎ Yes, no one can change my mind‎ So I sent you
‎ You are a strong stick‎ and tied a ponytail
‎ You are like everyone else
‎ Came here in a stylish suit
‎ with minions‎ in a black shiny German car
‎ Do you think you can convince me‎ to treat me like a madman? ‎ Impossible‎ Impossible!
‎ That big bank wants to build a service center
‎ so
‎ You drive people out of the house everywhere
‎ This home can 't do it, darling! ‎ Okay I can see that your mind is made up
‎ - Goodbye‎ - I can see that too
‎ You are that kind of person‎ Donate a little money to charity every month
‎ Make up for the bad things you do
‎ You go to the charity kitchen once a year on Thanksgiving
‎ Makes you feel a lot better about yourself‎ Makes you feel like one of the best rich people
‎ I really don 't know how you sleep at night

‎ listen to me
‎ It 's not your turn to make your own rules
‎ Be mature and let 's face it‎ No one treats you badly here
‎ We have done our best to accommodate you
‎ so far
‎ The 18,000 you just said? No, if you wake up tomorrow? just ten thousand
‎ Do you know what will happen next? ‎ The sheriff will come here to chase you away
‎ You can 't get a hair
‎ Why did you drag on for seven months? ‎ your neighbors
‎ Each of them went by the rules
‎ Do you think you are special?
‎ A contract is meaningful‎ It is a law and can be enforced‎ Admit it

‎ - Awesome, well done‎ - I didn 't fix anything
‎ You put a stop to it ‎ That 's what we need






‎ Did you hear that?
‎ I changed the carb and ran like a racehorse
‎ - Nice car, very beautiful‎ - Is it? what car do you drive? ‎ Astin

‎ What?
‎ Suzuki Astin, imported car

‎ - So what? ‎ - so it 's exactly what you want
‎ If the change of hands is true, federal agents will catch it
‎ - Federal agents? ‎ - Yes, DEA 's
‎ It 's a pair ‎ They take it as revenge
‎ Kind of like feeding time in a lion 's cage
‎ And their goal is to get people
‎ good
‎ and
‎ Your people are now informants
‎ - What does it mean, grab a rake? ‎ - No, he 's not grabbing a rake
‎ To be your rake too, so . . .
‎Let 's put it this way‎ You now have a hotline direct to the DEA‎ Not just now, anytime
‎ So that 's a good thing, right?
‎ But the point is you may hear people say ‎ Domingo whistleblower
‎ You must know that he does not

‎ What 's your business?
‎ With all due respect, you paid me‎ but he is my client‎ I want to keep his life
‎ brat, good idea
‎ One more thing
‎ You have to find another lawyer to handle the future
‎ Because my schedule is very tight
‎ You will take time out




‎ Who the hell am I involved with?
‎ You wouldn 't want to know
‎ If there is recoil in this matter‎ I don 't want to be dragged into it
‎ The point is not what you want
‎ If you get involved, you can 't get out





‎ What about Martinez?
‎ We applied for adjournment
‎ Well, what about Devonpo?
‎ - The judge looked at your motion and dismissed the case‎ - Very good
‎ Russo 's case also filed for adjournment
‎ - His hearing is scheduled for Thursday morning? ‎ - Yes, Viola put it in your calendar
‎ Well, what about Ingram?
‎ he didn 't come
‎ Have you called all three numbers?
‎ I hit the first one
‎ All three have to be called‎ The bottom number is his aunt 's
‎ - she usually knows where he is‎ - sorry
‎ - I filed for adjournment‎ - It 's ok
‎ Called his aunt to make sure he was okay‎ Asked how I should contact him before the hearing
‎ If she doesn 't know, call a second‎ Rescue Mission Shelter
‎ That 's his backup phone
‎ I will

‎ - Okay, hard work, Xiaodai‎ - Thank you Xiaojin‎ - Safe journey‎ - Okay, good night










‎ Mr. Ike?
‎ It 's me again, Kim Weissler
‎ I really want to talk to you again



‎ Mr. Ike?

‎ Mr. Ike?
‎ I 'm sorry I came into your house
‎ I really want to talk to you



‎ hi
‎ Can I start over?
‎ - if you have something to say ‎ - I went to the real estate company
‎ I found a few houses that you might like
‎ At your price, there are several great options


‎ This is half an acre
‎ This building is old, but the view is great
‎ Also beautiful nearby
‎ I know moving is a big deal‎ I want to help you if you don 't mind
‎ I can take a day off this week‎ I will pay for it myself
‎ This house has three bedrooms

‎ I know you don 't want to move‎ but no matter which house you choose, it 's yours
‎ The house and the land are always yours


‎ You 're right, I can 't pretend to know your journey
‎ I have never owned a house
‎ Our family has never owned a house
‎ We never had anything
‎ When I was a kid my mom would wake me up in the middle of the night
‎ shouting that it 's time to go
‎ She is always one step ahead of the landlord
‎ I 'll throw things in cardboard boxes‎ and run out barefoot in my pajamas
‎ Sometimes‎ it 's cold outside . . .
‎ My toes are blue
‎ If we had a house‎ I would never want to leave
‎ for the purpose
‎ You can say anything, right?

‎ When did it happen?
‎ today
‎ Do you have the agent 's name?
‎ Lawyers have
‎ What are you doing?

‎ Change Location‎ Close

‎ You 're leaving the money to federal agents?

‎ If those changing hands have no money
‎ Lalo will know that someone has leaked


‎ Change hands and keep it

‎ Subtitle translation: ‎ Wu Yanzhen
