

0 0 : 0 0 : 2 5 , 5 6 0 - - &gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 2 6 , 7 6 0 ‎ Sorry! ‎ Am I doing something wrong?



‎ not
‎ Not your fault, I have vaginismus
‎ My vagina is like a Venus flytrap
‎ If that comforts you‎ I have hair on one nipple
‎ Can vaginismus be treated?
‎ Take it slow‎ I 'll be able to put the biggest in one day
‎ But now I can only put in this Thumbelina
‎ Do you know why?
‎ I must have put too much pressure on myself
‎ Then you can 't masturbate either?
‎ That 's fine
‎ Just don 't stick in
‎ I don 't know why, as long as I do it myself
‎ I have an idea



‎ I 'm going to orgasm



‎ NETFLIX Original Series


‎ good morning
‎ good morning
‎ Dad is still in the UK
‎ He has a book signing tour
‎ Can we talk? please
‎ Are you going to admit that you lied?

‎ Then I guess we have nothing to talk about
‎ Withholding certain information is not technically a lie
‎ Adopting this avoidance strategy‎ will only suppress your negative emotions towards me‎ instead of defuse them
‎ So you plan to analyze me, go ahead
‎ please take a seat
‎ Let me see what you are capable of
‎ I 'm all ears
‎ I think you overreacted this time. The source is your ingrained fear of rejection.
‎ You rejected Jacob, now you reject me
‎ You didn 't accept Jacob
‎ In fact, you made it difficult for us to get along
‎ So the real reason you are angry‎ - because your son can 't resonate with his ex-boyfriend‎ - No

‎ I 'm angry because my son is involved in a very unethical underground activity at school ‎
‎ and he refused to take responsibility for the serious consequences of his actions‎
‎ Well, yes, yes‎ I talked to people at school
‎ I gave them some advice
‎ Talk to them without breaking the law
‎ You can 't charge for a consultation if it 's just small talk
‎ You did it wrong, Otis
‎ I don 't think so
‎ I really don 't understand, Mom
‎ Are we all right if we don 't talk about it before?
‎ Why are you still mad at me?
‎ Because I thought I taught you to be a man who can take responsibility for his actions
‎ Also because I am your primary caregiver
‎ I always see the worst of you
‎ I 'm tired
‎ It 's not my fault that Dad left
‎ you 're going to be late
‎ Are you still going to see Eric perform tonight?
‎ Now I 'm not very popular in school

‎ You shouldn 't let them bully you





‎ I prepared some clean clothes for your dad‎ and some dinners
‎ Can you take me to school? please
‎ for me
‎ Did you tell him I was fired? ‎ no

‎ But someone else might tell him
‎ You 'd better mention it yourself
‎ You 'll soon find what you 're good at
‎ No. . .
‎ Okay, no. . . not today

‎ okay?

‎ - Where did you go? ‎ - I smoke outside
‎ She 's only three years old, you can 't leave her alone
‎ she 's alright
‎ God, you come down first
‎ You have to help me take care of her after school
‎ I 'm going to interview for a job
‎ But I can 't‎ I have to compete in the National Student Quiz Championship
‎ - I thought you were coming too‎ - Damn, I totally forgot

‎ Then I can 't go, will it be recorded?
‎ Yes, and it 's on TV, so that 's what matters
‎ Forget it, that 's stupid anyway‎ I 'll send her to Cynthia 's side
‎Everything is dirty‎ Why didn 't you wash her clothes?
‎ Just let her wear a goblin outfit
‎ Alright, Leprechaun Outfit! Great!
‎ come get dressed
‎ That 's awesome, that 's it




‎ Oops, why are you so cute
‎ come over

‎ - Be nice‎ - She reminds me of your childhood
‎ you are always in trouble
‎ - What happened to me? ‎ - Not you, Jeffrey
‎ I said Maeve was a troublemaker as a child
‎ pissed on our steps once
‎ sorry
‎ After all, your mother is not around to take care of you
‎ But now everything has changed, which is great
‎ Yes
‎ Say goodbye, little Essie
‎ Clear your ears, Jeffrey
‎ fool
‎ Isaac, here comes the wrestler
‎ I think my mom is on drugs again
‎ Don 't be an afterthought
‎ Absolutely not
‎ you gotta do me a favor
‎ - hey‎ - hey
‎ - When can I watch you play this? ‎ - this
‎ If you come to the musical tonight‎ I 'm in the band
‎ - I thought it was a drama‎ - No


‎ Romeo and Juliet the Musical
‎ (Romeo and Juliet the Musical)
‎ This poster is ugly
‎ Doesn 't it look like they 're standing in a forest full of dicks?

‎ - I hate musicals‎ - No way! How can you hate musicals?
‎ Anyone who hates musicals has no soul
‎ - What about Rock Barbie? ‎ - I like that movie

‎ - Until they start singing‎ - Omg
‎ Well, it 's okay if you don 't come tonight
‎ No, it 's fine
‎ I 'll watch it for you
‎ good
‎ - Come on, I 'm so attractive, and I . . . ‎ - Stop it, Quentin
‎ We 've already discussed, you 're not Romeo
‎ - You will never be my Romeo‎ - Enough of you, Quentin
‎ You do this every time, get out of the way!
‎ Alright guys, today 's opening night

‎ This is what we 've worked so hard for so long, Hugo, don 't do drugs
‎ Florence, get some props
‎ - I 'm concentrating on getting into the character, teacher‎ - that 's right
‎ But when you are attentive‎, you can also help Jackson move the octopus hand
‎ Are you nervous tonight?
‎ Amateurs get nervous

‎ hey
‎ - Are you going to the play tonight? ‎ - Maybe after the championship game
‎ I forgot it was today, good luck
‎ What should I do so you won 't get mad at me again?
‎ I 'm not angry, Otis, I 'm disappointed

‎ hey
‎ I thought you never wanted to talk to me again
‎ I don 't think you should be drinking in the long term
‎ I didn 't mean to hurt you
‎ But you still hurt me
‎ But that 's okay
‎ Why do I always piss people off?
‎ I think you 're always trying too hard to be a good person, and you end up turning yourself into a bad person
‎ It feels like you 're afraid of becoming like your dad
‎ I think you were right
‎ thank you
‎ Why thank me? where are you going?
‎ Remember, everyone, today is to enjoy
‎ Stop playing squares, Dex!
‎ But the point is we have to win
‎ This is not a practice match, folks, it 's for real
‎ Got it?
‎Wait, I made this for you
‎ Thanks, Amy
‎ Why is there an extra 'child'?
‎ I made an extra cupcake
‎ thank you
‎ This is what your face looks like when you concentrate
‎ Good luck, see you there
‎ Is she trying to say something to me?
‎ Well, I think she said‎ 'I still love you, Steve, but I need a little time'


‎ When Mom says you need something else, call her
‎ - Okay, let 's go‎ - How is your mother?
‎ Does she miss me?
‎ I don 't know, Dad
‎ But Madang should miss you a lot

‎ I 'm thinking about going back to school
‎ I know I 'm missing a lot‎ but I want to find out what I 'm good at
‎ I don 't want to work there forever

‎ You have not been fired
‎ Who can guess?

‎ Let 's take a look at the situation
‎ Adam, you can go
‎ Adam! go out!

‎ Hi Adam
‎ How are you?
‎ My mom is going to divorce my dad‎ So he sleeps at school
‎ Well, everyone knows
‎ I was fired
‎ Well, Racine told me
‎ I 'm sorry
‎ Still blowing the French horn?
‎ I thought you didn 't know it was a French horn

‎ Trombone sounds funny
‎ Eric, we 're about to start
‎ That was the last rehearsal for tonight 's musical

‎ You should also visit
‎ - I 'm sure you don 't like musicals . . . ‎ - like Frozen?
‎ Because that 's sad
‎ Yeah, kind of like Frozen
‎ This . . . ‎ looks like‎ they are standing in a forest full of dicks and kissing
‎ Just like what I said!
‎ This forest is full of dicks!
‎ - A bunch of dicks! ‎ - shit

‎ Yes, I should go
‎ good

‎ I said at a party that people don 't like you‎ It 's not intentional

‎ I get bored easily

‎ I . . .
‎ I know I hurt you
‎ good
‎ I just want you to know this
‎ Why do you feel like you are entering menopause?
‎ I 've been very tired lately and my body is heavy
‎ The chest has also often experienced ‎ intermittent tightening sensations recently.
‎ Have you experienced any major changes in your life recently?
‎ I 'm having a little trouble at work‎ ​​and my teenage son . . .

‎ just a teenager
‎ I also broke up with a man I was meeting ‎ It 's just ordinary life issues, nothing major
‎ When did you break up with your boyfriend?
‎ He 's not my boyfriend, and I didn 't break up with him
‎ It should be me pushing the other person away

‎ Then I realized I was wrong
‎ I tried to salvage it, but apparently it was too late

‎ That 's how it feels
‎ Did you start feeling this pain after he left you?
‎ Symptoms appear around then
‎ But menopause also raises‎ adrenaline, right?
‎ I think you 're heartbroken
‎ this is impossible
‎ I 'm a Sex and Intimacy Therapist‎ If I 'm Really Heartbroken‎ I 'll Know
‎ I have been a GP for over 20 years
‎ But I was hospitalized not long ago for kidney inflammation‎ I thought I was fine
‎ makes sense
‎Let 's do a few tests‎ to give you some peace of mind
‎ ' Modern men have less pride in their masculinity‎

‎ How can we regain that pride?
‎ I believe everything starts with taking ownership of yourself
‎ Without Mastering Your Emotions First‎ How do we start a relationship? the answer is. . .

‎ Impossible, the first rule of ownership‎ is to live in the moment‎ and practice‎ the power of intent'
‎ thank you
‎ This guy is full of gibberish
‎ (To Justin: Live in the moment! ‎ Remy Milburn)
‎ thank you
‎ - Hi, what 's your name? ‎ - classes
‎ class
‎ - Here, hello, what 's your name? ‎ - hey dad
‎ Otis, shouldn 't you be in class?
‎ Yes, but I have something to talk to you about
‎ Of course, you can find a seat and wait for me for half an hour
‎ - Can I take a photo together? Dr. Milburn‎ - Of course
‎ great, thank you

‎ Hi Remy, this is awesome‎ Good work, thank you so much




‎ Hi Erin‎ Have you seen my lost pet rabbit?
‎ - No yeah, I didn 't see him‎ - Actually she 's a girl
‎ you know doe
‎ - Is there a different name from the male rabbit? ‎ - I don 't know
‎ Yes, in a book called . . .
‎ I 'm in a hurry

‎ I just came back for a cigarette, sorry
‎ - that book was really good‎ - weird
‎ I swear I locked the door

‎ ( New Parenting for Girls)

‎ Hope you find your bunny
‎ thank you
‎ they arrive
‎ That 's their captain Hollyk Lanshaw
‎ She was a champion when she was 14


‎ OK, let 's go
‎ (from Isaac: We have the evidence‎ I 'm sorry)
‎ hello
‎ I am reporting a high-risk child
‎ yes
‎ Her mother is on drugs, she shouldn 't take care of her
‎ Five more minutes, Maeve
‎ OK, I 'll go right over
‎ yes
‎ Yes, it 's my mom

‎ Several parents came to me to complain‎ It 's serious
‎ I assure you everything is in our hands
‎ Miss Milburn has left the school‎ Our students are safe
‎ She came to school to help us protect students
‎ It 's bad enough that you 're doing a disservice
‎ It was just a little accident
‎ The school remains proud of its excellence
‎ Today our brightest students‎ will participate in the National Student Quiz Championship‎ You must stay and enjoy
‎ Opening performance of the musical 'Romeo and Juliet'
‎ it will be brilliant
‎ Is it just me, or does this forest look like it 's full of penises?

‎ well, ready, studio
‎ Countdown, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four . . .

‎ ( National Student Quiz Championship)
‎ good afternoon
‎ Welcome to the live broadcast of the Finals of the National Student Quiz Championship
‎ On my left is the three-time champion‎ Knight of Wise

‎ On my right hand is strong‎ and the opponent of the dark horse‎ Puzzle quiz club

‎ Let 's jump right into the art history round
‎ The first question is . . .
‎ your lemonade
‎ So‎ what 's going on here? son
‎ Having a relationship problem again?
‎Why did you leave me when I was a child?
‎ That 's because neither your mom nor I are happy . . .
‎ not why you left mom‎ why did you leave me?
‎ What are you trying to ask?
‎ That 's all I want to ask, Dad
‎ I thought everything was bad for mom
‎ It 's because of her that I 'm so confused
‎ But at least she 's by my side
‎ where are you?
‎ I have to move to the US for work . . .
‎ No, you moved to America for yourself
‎ Dad, please stop lying
‎ I feel some‎ - inner conflict‎ - yes, I feel angry all the time
‎ I also tried to understand‎ what kind of man I wanted to be‎ but it was really hard because my own dad‎ wasn 't around me most of the time
‎ Do you not like me as you imagined?
‎ Of course I like you, I just... . .
‎ Then how can you leave me?

‎ Because I 'm an asshole
‎ I 'm sure there must be many ways‎ to diagnose my personality‎ but basically I 'm an asshole
‎ What can I do so I don 't become an asshole?
‎ be honest
‎ Because once you start lying, it 's hard to stop
‎ When You Are Young‎ You Think Everyone Really Knows You
‎ In fact‎ only a few people understand you
‎ They know you made a mistake, but they still like you
‎ If you abandon them‎ they will never look back
‎ So when you meet these people, you must take good care of them
‎ tightly
‎ Don 't let them go

‎ For the rest, whatever you do‎ Never read this damn book
‎ Hi, sorry, can you name my bookmark?
‎ - good‎ - great, thank you

‎ - What 's your name? ‎ - Peter
‎ hello peter
‎ - Alright‎ - Thanks, I 'm your fan
‎ be a real man

‎ Time for a minute, remember‎ If you ring the bell, you must answer
‎ Which ocean does the Volga River flow into?
Uraumi
‎ Correct, how long is the English Channel?


‎ Several countries are made up of . . .
‎ Hey Maeve
‎ I know you can 't answer the phone right now‎ because you 're on TV
‎ But I want you to know how proud I am of you
‎ And how stupid I have been lately
‎ - Is your uncle there? ‎ - Yusef
‎ I know you like my boyfriend
‎ you make him happy
‎ He doesn 't smile like that when he 's with me

‎ Goodbye, Yusef
‎ She 's still sitting, you teach so well
‎ If you let me come back to work‎ ​​I can teach her something else
‎ like how to high five or wink
‎ please, I know I was wrong‎ I won 't make it again
‎ hello
‎ hi
‎ - Why do you dress like a short man? ‎ - I 'm going to the school musical
‎ Can I get a salary?
‎ What are you doing here?
‎ Find a way to get him to hire me again
‎ I want to go back to school‎ but I can 't be found out by my dad that I 've been expelled
‎ It wasn 't Adam 's fault that the store was stolen
‎ The key broke the last time I locked the door
‎ I forgot to tell you, that 's my responsibility
‎ If you 're going to fire him, you 're going to fire me too
‎ Is this true?
‎ - yes‎ - yes
‎ Okay, then you 're all fired
‎ go, leave my store, go!

‎ Why did you do that?
‎ Because I like you, man
‎ I know I 'm bisexual‎ but I don 't mean that to you
‎ I thought you were a lesbian now‎ or like kitchen utensils
‎ No Adam, you fool
‎ You are my friend‎ I like you as a friend
‎ Are you okay?
‎ No one ever said I was their friend

‎ you can let me down‎ - 5 6 0 km‎ - Correct Answer


‎ Which city has the busiest airport in the world?
‎ - Atlanta, Georgia, USA‎ - Correct
‎ In which country are two cities with a population of over 1 million‎ that are still an anagram for each other?



‎ No discussion

‎ I 'm sorry, but I have to deduct five points from you
‎ Then leave the answer to the wise knight

‎ - Japan‎ - Can you name the two cities?
‎ Tokyo and Kyoto
‎ Correct answer, this round ends
‎ come back after our ad


‎ They beat us to pieces
‎ Maybe we should give up
‎ We won 't give up, we 're here to win
‎ If you can 't win, at least fight
‎ Got it? We are a quiz club
‎ We are masters, and more importantly‎ we are on the same team
‎ Even if you are defeated, you will fall together
‎ I 'm sorry, you just seemed to be in ‎ Mel Gibson 's Heroic Colors
‎ - I liked that movie so much‎ - cheer up, Steve
‎ All have to play to their strengths
‎ - Who are we? ‎ - Quiz Club
‎ Puzzle quiz club

‎ You 're right, you 're in menopause
‎ you are also pregnant
‎ What?
‎ - it can 't be ‎ - you are pregnant
‎ But he was ligated
‎ I 've seen more bizarre things
‎ You are pregnant, Jane


‎ This makes heartbreak even more complicated

‎ Tangent
‎ Correct Answer
‎ Ke Bowen
‎ Also the correct answer
‎ George Eliot
‎ charismatic, unique, bold, talented
‎ Dorothy Kish

‎ Jonathan Jermain Jennings
‎ - Magic Cube‎ - Exactly
‎ Piggy Fudge
‎ Kant 's Critique of Pure Reason
‎ Correct Answer
‎ μ , saying 'Miao' ‎ means . . . this voice appears ‎ to indicate that this is our last question

‎ Well, μ stands for . . .
‎ cat sounds
‎ I 'm sorry, but I can 't accept this answer‎ Wise Knight, incorrect
‎ What is μ?
‎ Maternal parameter, in statistics, parameter refers to any kind of population characteristic value
‎ Like an average or percentage that describes the entire population
‎ I can accept the parent parameter for this answer
‎ This is definitely the most complete and correct answer
‎ With such a terrific revival‎ I announce that the winning team in this year 's National Student Quiz Championship in the UK with 8.9 points to 8.8 points is
‎ - Quiz Club! ‎ - Great!


‎ congratulations
‎ thank you
‎ I thought you couldn 't come
‎ I 'll find it after the interview‎ I won 't miss this game
‎ - Mom, listen to me . . . ‎ - No, come on
‎ I 'll buy you a strawberry milkshake on the way home, come on
‎ - Do you want to spend tonight? ‎ - ok, it must be great
‎ But I don 't want to love love yet
‎ we don 't have to have sex anymore‎ I just miss chatting with you
‎ must be horrible
‎ - Wei, are you coming too? ‎ - Where to go?
‎ to see Jackson Marcher put up ugly
‎ it 's not funny

‎ - please, he 's a fool athlete‎ - he 's not a fool
‎ he 's trying‎ new areas that he may not be very good at. It 's brave
‎ and you just have an expertise‎ and keep talking about it
‎ If you 're reciting magic cubes‎ I 'm not just good at it
‎ - I 'm No. 2 8 . . . ‎ - We all know that, Dex
‎ She has a point, man
‎ - Guys, it 's half an hour until the unveiling‎ - Five, six, seven, eight
‎ Elbow . . . up, down, turn. . . up, down
‎ Then shake your ass . . . don 't face me, I 'm a teacher
‎ Do you have any questions? Quentin
‎ I 'm surprised you 're here, Miss Milburn
‎ My children are still students here‎ Principal Grove
‎ I am attending as a parent
‎ I 'm so proud of you, frog face
‎ - Come Less‎ - I 'm Serious
‎ I know I screwed up a lot‎ I missed a lot too, but I won 't lose you again
‎ What 's going on here?
‎ We are social workers
‎ We have been notified‎ that you are using drugs in the presence of minors
‎ Who notified? Is that you?
‎ I had no idea they would show up
‎ Someone must have reported it. ‎ That is nonsense!
‎ That 's true, Mom
‎ is that you?
‎ I know you 're on drugs again ‎ So stop lying
‎ It 's dangerous for her
‎ I used it once
‎ It was just a mistake
‎ I attended a rehab session and they can help me
‎ - You can 't take my child‎ - We won 't take her
‎ We just want to get in the trailer if we can
‎ - you stay away from my trailer‎ - this will fix it
‎ - But we gotta go in and see ‎ - Mom
‎ If you won 't cooperate, then we 'll have to call the police
‎ - Mom, you just show them ‎ - Don 't you fucking come near me
‎ Don 't touch me!
‎ How can you do this?
‎ How could you do this to me?
‎ take
‎ take it all
‎ take everything from her
‎ you won 't take her away‎ but you lied
‎ you are fucking lying
‎ There is a resident here who is unwilling to cooperate
‎ We need support
‎ - Should I wear a bow tie? - You look great
‎ The suit looks great
‎ She dresses up for her new girlfriend
‎ Shut up, Dad
‎ What 's wrong with this? You are not breaking up
‎ I 'm dating Lily
‎ I don 't want to make things too embarrassing
‎ not embarrassing
‎ that 's good
‎ Young people are weird, let 's go
‎ That, I can . . .
‎ I want to solemnly apologize to you‎ I made it impossible for you and my mother to get along well
‎ Not the first in her heart any more‎ It makes me feel bad
‎ I 'm really immature
‎ I 'm sorry I 'm an asshole
‎ That 's right. You 're an asshole
‎ But you 're also a good man, Otis
‎ Do you really think so?
‎ I know
‎ let 's go in
‎ Everyone please take your seats
‎ Getting ready for a journey . . .
‎ - Are you okay? ‎ - hmm
‎ Audience, please take your seats‎ and prepare for a erotic journey to the planet of Verona

‎ I thought it was Shakespeare?
‎ That 's right, I think the students‎ are the postmodern way of presenting
‎ to prepare

‎ - Sorry‎ - Teacher, I can 't be on stage
‎ - I would be ashamed‎ - Jackson, good boy
‎ - you are not a good actor‎ - yes
‎ But you still have a chance
‎ The most important thing is that it is something you like
‎ Maybe you 're not nervous, you 're just excited
‎ okay?

‎ - Yours isn 't in there, is it? ‎ - no
‎ Karl Appears

‎ The story takes place in the distant Verona‎ Two families of equal fame
‎ Long-standing hatred stirs up new ones‎ Citizens have blood on their hands
‎ But fate made the feud between the two families to give birth to a pair of lovers destined to be destroyed.

‎ mom
‎ Mom, please talk to me, please
‎ I will never forgive you
‎ forever
‎ come on, darling
‎ - You look so good, Mom‎ - I 'm trying a new style
‎ Is school all right?
‎ How is your dad?
‎ not good
‎ maybe we
‎ Can you bring him back?
‎ son
‎ Your dad should have worked hard for us a long time ago
‎ What does it mean?
Love one person time
‎ A certain corner of your heart must be afraid‎ and one day you will lose each other
‎ I think your father was just too scared‎ so he suppressed all his feelings
‎ but you have to let your loved ones know that you love them‎ even if it makes you feel bad
‎ Why?
‎ That sounds scary
‎ Because you are alive
‎ I have to go
‎ look
‎ here he comes
‎ Please step back first, I 'll ask him
‎ why so sad, see if he will tell me
‎ Come on, ma 'am, let 's go
‎ - Damn‎ - Good morning, cousin
‎ hateful
‎ good morning, cousin
‎ Colin, has anyone seen Jackson?
‎ - Jackson, it 's time for you to play ‎ - I can come back on stage
‎ My lines are all memorized
‎ Shut me up, Quentin, you scumbag, God
‎ - Good morning, cousin‎ - you hurry up now!
‎ Remember, you are not nervous‎ You are just excited, go!
‎ Teacher!

‎ - What happened to him? ‎ - I don 't know
‎ Come on!


‎ good morning, cousin
‎ Is it still so early?
‎ Go back to the pool, Marchetti


‎ Jackson
‎ Is it still so early?
‎ Is it still so early?
‎ Is it still so early?
‎Why are you so sad? ‎ How did your time take so long?
‎ - Remember the rhythm of your heartbeat‎ - How did your time take so long?
‎ The person I love doesn 't love me
‎ She 's so beautiful, so wise, are you laughing?
‎ - Romeo, forget her‎ - You taught me
‎ - How to forget her, her beauty . . . ‎ - Enough!
‎ Our cousin Mo Kuxiu is here
‎He was never troubled by love‎ Always rubbing salt on my wounds

‎ It 's time for Mo Kuxiu to appear. . .

‎ dick hand appearance

‎ We are the product of idle brains‎ Water glittering on the moon‎ Every night we are reunited by the brains of lovers
‎ Let them have a cosmic dream
‎ I want it harder‎ I want it deeper‎ Come orgasm with me now
‎ Oh, Romeo . . .
‎ Mr. Henriks, what the hell is going on?
‎ This is an artistic expression, Principal Grove


‎ Pilgrims also touch the hand on the statue of the saint‎ The palms are close together like a kiss
‎ STOP!

‎ I have something to say!


‎ - Adam? ‎ - Colin . . . tackling Adam Grove


‎ Repeat, tackle Adam Grove
‎ What are you doing?
‎ Adam, get me off the stage, I 'm performing
‎ Eric Ephian
‎ Eric Ephian, I have something to tell you
‎ Adam, here I am
‎ He 'll ruin my show, Colin

‎ Eric
‎ Efean
‎ I have something to tell you
‎ It 's a fart, oh my god

‎ What do you want to say to me?
‎ I want to hold your hand
‎ say it again
Confidential?
‎ Would you hold my hand?
‎ willing

‎ Play the next song right away
‎ Walk through those pussies
‎ If love is hard on you, then love back hard. His love is so gentle, but he is too hard under him. His arrows pierce me too deep.
‎ Don 't try to . . .
‎ Students have been working hard, Principal
‎ Even so. . .
‎ Adam!
‎ hey dad

‎ fast. . .
‎ Principal, please calm down a bit?
‎ They have pussies on their heads!

‎ to prepare soy milk
‎ Grove is on stage, he 's on stage
‎ STOP! the show is over
‎Why are the Groves‎ ruining my show? Colin
‎ - but we are having fun ‎ - yeah

‎ What 's so good about this filthy thing?
‎ We are parodying, Principal
‎ You . . . are all spoiled‎ You are all spoiled by this woman!

‎ Her Sexual Advice for Your Kids‎ Filling Their Minds With Dangerous Thoughts
‎ No, he 's not exactly right
‎ She knows she 's not a counselor at the school
‎ I didn 't expect her to be so unprofessional
‎ - Principal Grove‎ - She is not the one who advises everyone
‎ it 's me
‎ I shouldn 't have done that either, because I 'm only 16 years old‎ and only have a one-time experience
‎ I 'm obviously not very good either
‎ But my mom came to understand everyone 's problems‎ Her advice‎ is something the school should have given us long ago

‎ My mom is an excellent therapist‎ She cares about everyone‎ She is all about the good

‎ That 's why she 's such a great mother

‎ This is utter nonsense
‎ She assured me my labia were the normal length
‎ She really made me accept myself‎ That changed my life
‎ I masturbated with heated fruit‎ She said I was not surprised
‎ They are just children!
‎ They don 't know what they want
‎ It 's all your fault!
‎ Principal Grove
‎ meet me outside
‎ right now

‎ My show is ruined
‎ should be perfect
‎ I think your show is perfect
‎ Are you completely out of your mind?
‎ - It 's the woman . . . ‎ - none of her business, Mike

‎ I know your wife has left you ‎ and you have been living at the school
‎ Apparently you 're not feeling well lately‎ It 's time to take a vacation
‎ I 'm fine
‎ It 's non-negotiable, you 're on vacation from today

‎ I know I 'm not doing enough
‎ Do you have time to chat later?
‎ ok
‎ If you want to get back with Jacob‎ I have no problem at all
‎ I won 't act like a willful only son any more ‎
‎ I promise‎ - Dex, have you seen Maeve? ‎ - No yeah, she didn 't come



‎ Adam, this is my mom and my sisters
‎ Nice to meet you, Adam
‎ - hello‎ - nice to meet you

‎ - I 'll be right back‎ - ok

‎ - You just had the courage ‎ - Thank you
‎ Be sure to come home for dinner when you have time
‎ - Of course ‎ - I 'll make Wolof Stew for you

‎ Racine . . . Sorry, I don 't know him . . .
‎ Don 't apologize, you will only get worse
‎ you gotta be careful
‎He can hold your hand‎ but I 'm not sure he can hold you

‎ I think you are the one I know
‎ The smartest person
‎ I definitely am
‎ I 'm starting to think it 's nice to have some friends now
‎ Waiting until college can be a bit extreme
‎ You still have friends
‎ If you still consider me a friend
‎ I miss spending time with you
‎ really
‎ Can we continue to be friends? please
‎ okay
‎ We continue to be friends
‎ Don 't come here

‎ I miss you


‎ me too
‎ - What about your parents? ‎ - I 'm starting to see a therapist again
‎ I should have started there



‎ I should be able to hug



‎ come in
‎ You made the right decision
‎ I still feel bad
‎ Would you like to come in? I 'll make omelettes for you to eat
‎ or I watch you do

‎ ok

‎ You don 't even have milk
‎ Do I look like the type of ‎ regular grocery shopping?
‎ Okay, I 'll go buy something

‎ Remember to buy potato chips
‎ hey
‎ Maeve is not home

‎ Do you know when she will be back?
‎ I don 't know

‎ Can you tell her I 've been here?
‎ and‎ to listen to her voicemail
‎ no problem
‎ ok, thanks
‎ You have a new message

‎ Maeve
‎ I know you can 't answer the phone right now‎ because you 're on TV
‎ But I want you to know how proud I am of you
‎ And how stupid I have been lately
‎ You read that you have feelings for me too‎ I really don 't want anything else after hearing this
‎ I try too hard to make the right choice
‎ but forget the real meaning behind it
‎ it 's you
‎ it 's always been you
‎ I love you, Maeve
‎ Call me back
‎ Hope it 's not too late. . . ‎ Post deleted


‎ Subtitle translation: Lin Nianzhen
