0 0 : 0 0 : 0 0 , 1 3 0 - - &gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 0 2 , 6 3 0 'Breaking Lawyer' This Why  ' dwehavetocomehere ?
Because the production level is high, it is necessary to perform Productionvalue.
S h o w m a n s h i p .
Are you ready to sign? Come and sign Youreadytosign?
L e t ' s   d o   t h i s .
- Mesa Verde ran away - what happened - I lost Mesa Verde .
-   W h a t   h a p p e n e d ?
They continue to work with Hamlyn McGill Associates St tickingwith HHM .
Kevin changed his mind. Kevingothisheadturned.
- Was Howard persuaded - wasn 't Chuck - By Howard ? - No , Chuck .
You are amazing really . . .
Y o u   w e r e   f a n t a s t i c   t r u l y . . .
I need utility knife ruler I needan X - A ctoknife , aruler , and best copier andpointmetoyourbestc opier .

What is this doing What  ' sallthis ?
I am going to make a drip irrigation pipe for the rhododendrons outside I neededasoakerfortherh ododendronsoutback .


parking lot

Icy gift* Your ass is so pretty* * Q uelindoestucucucucu *
*really beautiful* *T anbellotucucucucu*
*Round and fluffy* *R edonditoysuavecitocuc u*
*Your ass is so pretty* *Q uelindoestucucucucu*
*put on leggings* *Cuandoteponespantal ó ncucu *
*touch your ass* * Y tetocasporde - - *



*Don 't mess with my nice ass* *N otemetasconmicucucucu*
*Don 't mess with my nice ass* *N otemetasconmicucucucu*
*I know you have a wife* *Y osequetienestumujer*

*Don 't mess with my nice ass* *N otemetasconmicucucucu*
*The lads can 't take their eyes off* *N uncafaltanlosmironesc ucu*
* like you and others* * C omot ú ylosdemascucu *
* watch it if you want* * S iquierespuedesmirarcu cu *
* If you want to see enough* * N oqueatitedelaganacucu *

* slap you in the face* * T edar é unacachetadacucu *
*Don 't* *N o - -*
* 美 臀 *   * . . . c u c u   c u c u *
* I know you have a wife * * Y osequetienestumujer * * C ucu *
* Beauty butt * * C ucu *














Breaking Lawyer Season 2 Episode 9
Original translation with bilingual subtitles
Translation The W alking N erd Meow Ball Floss Chris
Translation joy _ bwl Yogurt Xiling Broken Branch Natural Roll
Proofreading murmurs
Timeline Jiang Jiang Menglong everything is ready O kay . A llset .

Later, the director of Shenshan Xiaoxin muttered
Open WeChat and scan the QR code on the left or search the official account: American drama exploded to learn about the latest film and television information, subtitle information, long-awaited T hankyouforyourpatienc e . Didn 't you say the hearing was just a formality? D idn  ' tyousaythatthehearing ismoreorlessaformality
The actual work has been done to Well, therealwork ' salreadybeendone, yes.
In that case I can handle it myself. Inthatcase, I 'mfinecoveringitmyself.
Kevin and Paige don 't need us all to go to Kevinand Paige don 'tneedbothofusthere.
You may be right T hatmaybestrictlytrue , but we want to convey the right message isn 't it butwewanttosendtherig htmessage , don  ' twe ?
I 'm just worried that you 're uncomfortable I 'mjustworriedaboutyour comfort.
Celebrating the victory makes me most comfortable I findvictorylapsveryco comforting .









Well done friend Well - done , myfriend .

Good morning Goodmorning .
The New Mexico State Banking Regulatory Bureau meeting is now T hismeeting of the New Mexico State Bank anking B oardisnowinsession .
Here comes Mesa Verde Bank Wehave Mesa Verdeherewithustoday, they are represented by Charles McGill and they 're represented by Charles McGill.
So glad you 're back Charles N icetohaveyouback , Charles .
Thank you very much to be back T hankyou .
G o o d   t o   b e   b a c k .
I 'm with my colleague Howard Hamlin I 'mherewithmycolleague, Howard Hamlin.
I have the honour to introduce you to Mr Kevin Wachtel. An ndmay I introduce M r .
Kevin Wachtell, President and Chairman of the Mesa Verde Group, President and C hairman of Mesa Verde Holdings, and Ms. Paige Novick and Ms. s.
P a i g e   N o v i c k ,
Mesa Verde Senior Counsel Mesa Verde Senior Counsel . Welcome to Hello and welcome .
The staff believes that I believestaffhasfoundt heapplication basically conforms to the standard tomeetthebasicrequirementsforapproval.
Right T hat  ' sright , isn  ' tit ?
With your permission, Mr. Vouchtel would like to give a brief introduction to Mr. r.
Wachtellwouldliketomak eabriefstatement to support its application insupportoftheapplication.

Mr. Commissioner Mr. r.
C ommissioner , Ladies and Gentlemen Ladies and Gentlemenoft he N ew M exico Banking Board ,
I am fortunate to be sitting in front of you this morning I 'mhonoredandgratefulto appearbeforeyouthismo rning.
We believe that our proposed expansion We ebelieve that our proposed expansion is in the public interest both for Arizona and our state.
For forty-six years of Mesa Verde Bank Trust employees For 4 6 years, themenandwomenof Mesa Verde BankandTrust are proud of our premier personal service and havepridedourselveson personalservice obsession with detail andattentiontodetails econdtonone.
Mesa Verde continued to operate the leverage ratio Mesa Verdecontinuestooperat eata Tier O neleverageratio maintained at 1 1 . 2 % We of 1 1 . 2 % , andwefeel - -
Wait for U h , holdon .
Excuse me, Mr. Vochtel, for a moment. Excuseme, Mr. r.
W a c h t e l l .
J u s t   o n e   m o m e n t .
What 's wrong What 'sgoingon?
Just ask Well , let  ' sfindout .
Mr. Commissioner, is there anything we need to explain? U h , Mr . Commmissioner , is there something we can clarify ?
There are U h , yes .
Can you tell us the address of the proposed Scottsdale branch of the proposed Canyougiveustheaddress oftheproposed Scottsdalebranchagain ? Certainly .
Scottsdale, Arizona I t  's 1 2 1 6 Rosella Drive ,
1 2 1 6 Rosella Road 8 5 2 6 2 Scottsdale , Arizona , 8 5 2 6 2 .
1 - 2 - 1 - 6 ?
Okay the application I 'm looking at now O kay .
B ecausetheapplication I  ' mlookingattoday clearly write 1 2 1 6 clearlygivestheaddres sas 1 2 1 6 .
1 2 1 6 yes sir 1 2 1 6 - - that  ' scorrect , sir .
But in your original submission B utintheoriginalsubmission , it was written we  ' reseeing 1 2 6 1 Rosella Drive .
- Is 1 2 6 1 - 1 2 6 1 - I tis 1 2 6 1 . - 1 2 6 1 .
If you double check it should be 1 2 1 6 I thinkifyou double - check , you  ' llsee that 1 2 1 6 is correct .
Seem to be two different addresses T hereseemtobe twodifferentaddresses here.
Mr. Commissioner I have here a copy of the Notice of Intent Mr. Commmissioner, I haveacopyofournoticeo fintent, previously published in Arizona and New Mexico newspapers which was published in Arizona and New Mexico.
It clearly states that the address is I tclearlystatestheaddr essis 1 2 6 1 Rosella Drive 1 2 6 1 Rosella Road.
Mr. Commissioner . . .
M r .   - -   ‭ M r .
C o m m i s s i o n e r ,   I - i f   - -
1-2-6-1 Rosella Road 1-2-6-1 Rosella D rive. Yes I also have a notice of intent Yes, I haveacopyofthenoticeo fintent, too, but on the official filing butontheactualfiling,
The address is written 1 2 1 6 theaddressreads 1 - 2 - 1 - 6 .
So . . . which is right S o . . . whichisit ?
Mr. Commissioner, can I exchange views with the client Mr. Commissioner, if I mayconferwithmyclients?
No problem please Certainly , please .
Definitely 1 2 6 1 It 's sabsolutely 1 2 6 1.

You got it wrong Youaremistaken , IMHO you are messing up and with all duerespect , you  ' remuddying the water she re .
" 添 亂 "   " M u d d y i n g   t h e   w a t e r " ?
See Look .
See Justlook for yourself.
This is obviously an error Well, thisisclearlyanerror.
It 's 1 2 6 1 That 's right It 's 1 2 6 1 .
Of course I know where my bank is I know where my owndamnban kis .
Let 's all calm down U h , let  ' sjustallcalmdown .
I  'msurewe can straighten hisout for sure.
I remodeled a building at 1 2 6 1 Rosella Road I  'vegotabuildingremodel at 1 2 6 1 Rosella .
I don 't know where 1 2 1 6 is. I don  ' tknow where thehell 1 2 1 6 is .
I don 't quite get it . . . 1 2 6 1 I - I don  ' tquiteunderst - - 1 2 6 1 .
- is 1 2 6 1 - what 's wrong with that - 1 2 6 1 . - I sthisgonnabeaproblem ?
Not sure No problem No , I  ' msureitwon  ' tbe .
Mr. Commissioner I apologize U m , M - M r. C ommissioner , I apologize .
Somehow in our file Unaccountably, thereappearstobea . . . there seems to be a discrepancyinourfiling.
So the correct address Sothecorrectaddressthe one is the 1 2 6 1 on the notice of intent thatappearedinthenoti ceofintent , the 1 2 6 1 ?
It seems so I twouldseemso .
We would like to request . . . U h , uh , uh , we  ' dliketorequesta , um , adjournmentofjustaf ewminutes
So let 's modify the file to the correct address sothatwecanamendthefi lingtoreflectthecorre ctaddress . I can allow adjournmentW ell , I - I cangiveyouanadjournment , uh , uh , but . . . but , uh . . . uh ,
I may not be able to reschedule the hearing today I don  ' tthinkwecangetyouback intoday . When can I reschedule the hearing I f I may , when doyouthinkyoumigh tbeabletoscheduleus ?
Staff informed I 'mbeingtoldbystaff that they had investigated 1216 Rosella Road that they 'vealreadydonetheresea rchfor 1216 Rosella Drive.
So our people have to go to the new address again O urfolksaregoingtohave togobacktosquareone - from scratch - if . . . - onthenewaddress .
-   I f   w e   - -
If we can get a tentative agreement today wecouldobtainaprovisi onalagreementtoday , to allow branches to be set up . . . to allow the - - the branchtoopenbe - - no IMHO No, no.
A llduerespect , it 's your responsibility to submit accurate paperwork it  ' suptoyoufolkstosubmit accuratepaperwork .

Best to check Maybenexttime again next time, double - check .
Now the fastest time to re-hearing Now , uh , thesoonestwecouldrevi sitthismatter - - should be Friday well , it - - it looks likesixweeksfr om F riday .
We can 't wait six weeks We - - We can  ' twaitsixweeks .
Commissioner Mr Mesa Verde Bank has expended effort and resources Mr r. Commissioner , M - M esa Verdehasputeffort and . .
Although there is a rare precedent if a provisional license could be given Howeverunusual, aprovisionala - approval we would be most appreciated d, most welcome.
Time is of the essence. . . Timebeingoftheessence - -
Charles I 'm sorry we 'll see Charles, I 'msorry in six weeks.
I ' l l   s e e   y o u   i n   s i x   w e e k s .
That 's it for today. T hatclosesthematterfor today.
Staff please note Willstaffpleasenote Mesa Verde will return in six weeks that M esa Verdewill returninsixwe eks . . .
At that time, the application will be heard again. . . at whichtime, wewillrevisitthisappl ication?
T hat  ' sontheschedulenow has been arranged.
We will expedite all additional research A ndwe  'll have expedited all the additional research .
ImpossibleT hisisnotpossible.
This is impossibleT hisisnotpossible!



1 2 6 1 Impossible 1 2 6 1 .
No.
No.
Chuck Chuck .
I don 't understand I don  ' tunderstand .

I don 't know it 's number 1 2 1 6 I don  ' tunderstand .
I t   w a s   1 2 1 6 .
That 's right I checked I twas .
I checked ! I double - checked !
Chuck happens when Chuck happens, ithappened.
We accept failure and move on N owwetakeourlicks , andwemoveon .
It 's not just your fault T hisdoesn ' tjustreflectonyou -- so many lawyers and assistants in law firms are negligent anofficefullofassocia tesandparalegalsletth isgetby .
Including myself I did , too , forthatmatter .
Yes 1 2 1 6 I promise I twas 1 2 1 6 - - I promiseyou .

Everyone makes mistakes. E veryonemakesmistakes.

This is not a mistake T hiswasnomistake .

Greek Dessert House





I invite everyone here to have a drink I  ' mbuyingaroundfortheho use . -Really-yes-Y eah ? -Y eah .



Hey everyone, listenup, everybody!
This gentleman wants everyone to have a drink of T hisgentleman  ' sbuyinaroundforthehouse !

All right, liftwithyourknees
So what exactly does 'with the force of the knee' Whatdoesthatevenmean - - 'Liftwithyourknees' ?
Don 't know what a sweaty person would say come on I don  ' tknow .
I t ' s   s o m e t h i n g   s w e a t y   p e o p l e   s a y .
H e r e   w e   g o .
One two three 1 , 2 , 3 .



- Okay - Almost - Gotit . - A lmost .
Almost, almost, almost, almost. A lmost , almost , almost , almost .
Okay here let it go. Oh, rightthere. Go. Go.



Are you alright Youokay ?
Doing a few years of physical therapy will definitely cure No othinafewyears of physicaltherapywon  ' tfix .
- good- good push- O kay .
-   A l l   r i g h t .   P u s h .

Slow Slow Slow Slow S low , slow , slow , slow .
Corner Corner Corner Corner , corner , corner .

Yeah. Getthatone.



Hello Paige Hi , Paige .
How are you H owareyou ?
Yes Oh No Yeah , I mean , no .
It 's okay No , it  ' sfine .

What What?
Yes Well , yes .
Of course I understand Ofcourse.
R i g h t ,   I   u n d e r s t a n d .
Okay Okay.
That would be great Yeah, that wouldbeperfect.
Goodbye I  ' llseeyouthen .
Great . And Paige thank you And , uh , listen , Paige , thankyou .
Thank you Thankyou .

I, uh.
Jimmy Jimmy .

What 's up What? What 's sup?
I, uh ...
Mesa Verde Bank is back I justgot Mesa Verdeback.
- Really- really- S eriously ? - S eriously .


- Awesome unbelievable - yeah - Holyshit !
T h a t ' s   u n b e l i e v a b l e !   -   Y e s .

What happened to my Hamlin McGill Associates I - - W hathappenedto HHM ?
Peggy did not elaborate on U h , Paigedidn  ' tgointoit .
She only said that the file did not pass S hejustsaid thefilingdidn ' tgothrough .
We meet this afternoon We 'regonnameetthisafternoon.
Hey, whatdid I tell you?
Good people always have good rewardsS ometimes , thegoodguyswin .

There seems to be some regulatory issues Oh, itsoundslike there  ' ssomeregulatoryissues.
Kevin is still worried that a lawyer is incompetent to handle it.
You can Youcan .
I have to hire a paralegal maybe two Yeah , I  ' mgonnahavetogetaparal egal , maybe twoofthem , I will definitely pay for it alone and I absolutely will pay foritoutofmyen d .

No , we will share the reward equally No .
C o m e   o n .
S p l i t   i t   d o w n   t h e   m i d d l e .
I need to get a W estlaw terminal right now Y ouknowwhat ? I need a W estlawterminalrightaw ay .
I don 't even know who to call for this kind of thing I don  ' tevenknowwhotocalltog etthatdone .
These are high end problems These high - classproblems . But it 's a lot of work Jimmy Yeah , butit  ' samajorpieceofwork , Jimmy .
It 's complicated I t  ' sjust - - I t  ' s - - I t  ' s - - T hisismajor .
Kim can you be okay Hey , Kim , you  ' vegotthis , allright ?
Slow down Sotakeamoment first.
Take a deep breath and enjoy the victory B reathe .
S a v o r .

You are right Youknowwhat ?
Y o u ' r e   r i g h t .
I am of course to Damnright I 'mright.



It is Ernie I t  ' s Ernie .

What 's the matter with Ernie Hi , Ernie .
W h a t ' s   u p ?
Yes no Paige just called me Yeah, no, Paigejustcalledme.

Chuck said why D id C hucksaywhy - -
Then when S o , when - -
ok now go just Sure. Notimelikethepresent.

ok thanks Okay .
T h a n k s .
The Mesa Verdefiles - -
Chuck said you can give me Chuck  ' sready to turnthemtome .


Really Really ?
so fast T hatwas . . . quick .
Yeah Yeah.
I 'll go to U h , I  ' mgonnagochangeandgeto verthere .
- Need help - Depends - Youwantsomehelp ? - T hatdepends .
Are you helping carry boxes or just gloating around A reyougonnacarryboxes , oryougonnagloat ?
Have a little of both U h , somefromcolumn ' A , ' Somefromcolumn ' B .'

Put a power on G roundyourself .
What W - - S orry ?
Just touch that thing Just touch the thing .


What 's wrong with Whatthehell? T histhingdoesn 't . . .
- Jimmy hello Kim hello - Ernie hello - Hey , Jimmy .
Hey , Kim . - Hey , Ernie . Something went wrong with the lock Somethin  ' swrongwiththelock .
McGill asked me to call the locksmith to replace Mr. McGillhadmecallalocksmit handchangedthem.
yeah why Yeah ?
W h y ' d   h e   d o   t h a t ?


Why did Chuck change the locks Hey , Chuck , why  ' dyouchangethelocks ?
Ernesto I have nothing to do here Ernesto , I thinkwe  'regood .
You must go back to the office I  ' msureyou  ' reneededbackattheoffi ce .
Well . . . I 'll getgoing, then.
- Thank you - Bye Jimmy Bye Kim - T hanks . - B ye , Jimmy .
B y e ,   K i m .
- Bye bye Ernie - See you back by Ernie - Bye , Ernie . - Seeya , Ernie .

So what 's up with Chuck locks S o , Chuck , what  ' sthedealwiththelocks ?
Kim originally these words I want to say to you Kim , I washoping to have thisco nversationwithyou and you alone .
But However . . .
I think it 's time to clear all the facts I guessit  ' stimetocleartheaironc eandforall .
Clarify what facts Cleartheairaboutwhat ?
He framed me H esabotagedme .
what are you saying B uddy , whatareyou , uh bro . . .
Please save the P lease.
D o n ' t   b o t h e r .
You and I both know exactly what I 'm talking about. You and I both know exactly what I 'mtalkingabout.
I don 't know I don 't.
Yesterday morning was the worst humiliation of my career.
A single transpositional error cost my client time and money
But I found it wasn 't an errorBut I realized . . . itwasn  ' tanerror .
Not at all No tatall .
I slept on the couch the night before a week agolastnight, I wasrightthereonthatco uch, almost lost consciousness Jimmy came barelyconsious, and Jimmyshowedup.
Branch away Ernesto andhesent Ernestoaway .
My good brother will take care of me personally M ybrotherwasgonnatakec areofme .
In the middle of the night Andinthedeadofnight, he turned through my Mesa Verdefiles hewentthroughmy Mesa Verdefiles.
We don 't have to listen to your nonsense U h , youknowwhat ?
W e   d o n ' t   h a v e   t o   l i s t e n   t o   t h i s .
She gotta listen to Shedoes!
Listen well for your own good Youdo - - foryourowngood .
There are thirteen documents in it Now , inthesefilesare 1 3 documents The address of the proposed branch of Mesa Verde Bank containingtheaddresso f Mesa Verde  ' sproposedbranch - - 1 2 6 1 Rosella Road Scotts, Arizona dale 1 2 6 1 Rosella D rive , Scottsdale , arizona .
Jimmy pulled out every single document Jimypulledeachandever yone, left me here sweating delirious thenheleftmehere, sweatinganddelirious, then ran out and tampered with them whilehewentofftodocto rthem.
You need a copier. You  ' dneedaphotocopierfort hat .
Where have you been to some all-night copy shop W here  ' dyougo - - someall - nightcopyshop ?

After careful cutting and pasting With careful cutting and pasting , he made a duplicate he created duplicates - - almost identical to the original virtuallyidenticaltom yoriginals ,
There is only one key difference butwithonekeychange - -
1 2 6 1 Rosella Road became 1 2 1 6 Rosella Road 1 2 6 1 R osella D rive became 1 2 1 6 R osella D rive .
No one says you are lazy N ooneeveraccusedyouofb einglazy - - You have all kinds of shortcomings but you are not lazy everyone elsesinintheboo k , butnotthatone .
If you want to know if A ndifyou  ' rewondering Jimmy has the ability to forge paperwork if Jimmy  ' suptoalittlecasualfor gery , then I tell you youshouldknowinhighsc hool ,
He made a fortune in high school by forging IDs hehadathrivingbusines smakingfake I . D s
Let his brothers have beer to drink sohisbuddies could buy .
Did you mention high school too? Yougoingallthewaybackt ohighschool , huh ?
Are you like Mozart Hey , youand Mo ozart , huh ?

They are all gifted from childhood Youbothstartedyoung .
When he came back he put the copy in my files He ecamebackhereandputhi snewversionsinmyfiles .
Then the next day A ndthen , thenextday , my caring brothertookhi sleave my caring brother.
He knew I would use his altered documents He eknew that I would use his modified do cuments to write Mesa Verde  ' ssubmissiontothestate regulator .
And it is true
I typed ' 1 2 1 6 ' instead of ' 1 2 6 1 .'
I was thinking ' 1 2 1 6 I remember thinking , ' 1 2 1 6 Ro osella Drive - - ' is the next year of 1 2 1 5 ' that  ' sjustoneyearafter 1 2 1 5 , ' is ' Magna Carta Signed the Second Year' 'theyearthe Magna Cartawassigned.'
Gosh Chuck are you crazy Jesus , Chuck , you are unbelievable .
So you mean inside these files S o , you  ' resaying , ifwelookin here , the above addresses are all wrong all the addresses will be wrong ?
Of course you won 't leave evidence Well, ofcourseyouweren 'tgonnaleaveevidencebe hind.
I guess you waited until I left yesterday morning I 'mguessingyesterdaymorning, youwaiteduntil I left, entered the door with your key thenusedyourkeytolety ourselfin returned the original documents and returned the originals.
A crime not covered is incomplete No ocrimeis completewitho utthecover - up .
Oh god please Oh, comeon.
Why am I doing this for what business I didallthis - - what - - forsomebusiness ?

He is all for you H ediditforyou .

You don 't know anything about it. Oh, I 'msureyoudidn 'tknowanythingaboutit.
It must be his own idea I believehewentoffonhis own take this as some kind of twisted romance anddidthisassomekindo ftwistedromanticgesture.
Chuck you should lie down Chuck, I thinkyouneedtoliedown put a cold towel on your forehead withacoldwashclothony ourhead.
Now you know you have no choice. A ndnowthatyouknow, youhavenochoice.
It is about the client a deceived client T hisisaboutaclient - - aclientwhohasbeendefr auded.
As a sworn attorney A saswornofficeroftheco urt , as a formal attorney for Mesa Verde  ' sattorneyofrecord , you can only go to K evin W achtell youhavenorecoursebutt ogoto K evin W achtell
Put it all together and make a full disclosur e .
His whole set of rhetoric T his - - T hiswholesonganddance - - is only to take back his client it  ' sallaboutgettinghisclientback .
- for that purpose - not at all - T hat  ' sallthisis . - Notintheleast .
If they still decide after knowing the truth . . . If , knowingthetruth , theystilldecidetogo - -
You can 't stand they chose her over you You can ' tstand the fact that they chose heroveryou
What I can 't stand is I can 'tstandthefact my own brother stabbed me in the back thatmyownbrotherstabb edmeintheback!
I can 't stand you cheating on this young lady
- let her fall so far- 'fallen' - andruinedthisfineyoun gwoman ! - ' Ruined ' ?
Is it the 1840s Whatisthis - - the 1840s?
What do you say she didn 't fall What are youtalking about ?
S h e ' s   n o t   r u i n e d !
Jimmy Jimmy .

If what you say is true I fwhatyou  ' resaying is true ,
Jimmy would be charged with forging paperwork to defraud Jimmy could be charging wit hforgery , fraud , falsifying evidence and even trespassing falsifying evidence , even breaking and enteri ng .
Frankly, I 'm also having a hard time with Frankly, I amsick about this.
But facts are facts Butfactsarefacts.
Do you have evidence A ndwhatisyourevidence ?
Evidence M yevidence ?
The proof is that I know my brother M yevidenceisknowing my b rotherforhisentirelif e .
Chuck has another explanation Chuck , I think thereisanotherexplanation -- a simpler explanation it  ' sasimperone .
You read wrong Youmadeamistake .
I didn 't I did not.
You work under an oil lamp You  'rewororkingbylantern , squinting at the printed ten-point prints squintingover 1 0 - pointtypeforhourafter hour .
Mistakenly 1 2 6 1 for 1 2 1 6 Mistakenlychanging 1 2 6 1 to 1 2 1 6 This would be the most natural thing in the world .
I may also make such a mistake I tcould certainly happen tome .
I 'm not mistaken I didnotmakeamistake!
It 's you who got it wrong. I believeyoudid.
I know you like Jimmy Look , I understand that you have a - - agreataffection for Jimmy .
Many people like it but please open your eyes A greatmanypeopledo , but please openyoureyes here !
You made a mistake You instead of facing it You madeamistake , and instead of justfacin guptoit , you accuse your younger brother of framing you you accuseyourbrothero fplottingagainstyou .
Make up such a well-planned conspiracy You oucomeup with thiselaboratesche me .
He can do it He  ' scapable of this !
I know he can Youknowheis!
I know he has a lot of flaws I knowhe  ' snotperfect !
I know he likes to take shortcuts A nd I knowhecutscorners .
But you made him this Butyou  ' retheonewhomadehimthi sway .
He worships you Heidolizesyou.
He accepts you Heacceptsyou .
He takes care of you He takes care of you .
He only wants your love and support A ndallheeverwanted was our loveandsupport , but you will only point fingers at him butalyou  ' veeverdoneisjudgehim .
You never believed him Youneverbelievedinhim .
You never want him to succeed Youneverwantedhimtosuc ceed .
Did you know A ndyouknowwhat ?
I feel sorry for him I feelorryforhim .
Feeling sorry for you too A nd I feel sorry for you .







What the hell Jesus!
W h a t ?   ‭

What is Kim doing Kim !
W h a t ?

Give me a Justdrive .





All right, lineupbyclass according to the class!
Find your little friend F indyourbuddy !
O kay , kids , comeon .
We go to L et  ' sgo .
Come on Comeon .
C o m e   o n .
- Hurry up and take your place - this way - Plantyourself . - A llright .
H e r e ?
That 's right, Yeah here.
R i g h t   t h e r e .
So high is fine. About boutyeahigh .
Aimitupatme - - heroic .
Heroic good luck Heroic ?
G o o d   l u c k   w i t h   t h a t .
Shoot me Justframemeup, allright?
Make your neck melted too Make sureyougettheneck , okay ?
- This was taken from below - ok - I t  ' salow - angleshoot . - O kay .
Forget it, let me see Hey, youknowwhat? Letmesee.
This is just a base Oh, I - it  ' sjustbase .
What - - am I dying of consumption ?
People your age are less rosy Well , atyourage , youdon  ' twanttolooktoored . - should have a little rosacea - then those . . .
-   I t   l o o k s   l i k e   r o s a c e a .
-   A n d   w h a t ' s   w i t h   a l l   t h e . . .
I just want to contour your jaw I 'mjusttryingtomakeitlo oklikeyouhaveajawline.
My chin was originally contoured I dohaveajawline .
so you stand over Youknowwhat ?
Y o u   s t a n d   i n   f o r   m e .
Squat a little Hey , crouchdown . Go to the other side to the left O kay .
M o v e   t o   y o u r   l e f t .
T h e   o t h e r   l e f t .
A little further left is fine. More .
M o r e .
O kay , boom ! That 's what I mean. Got it T hat  ' swhat I  ' mtalkininabout .

Y ougotit . Surely there are easier ways to shoot Oh , dude , there  ' sgottobeaneasierwayto getthisshot .
Free is not Notforfree .
You have to be bold if you want to make a movie Youwannabeafilmmaker , growapair .
Ready for the official shooting of Herewego.
Picture  ' sup . Okay let 's get started A llright , let  ' sdothis .
Finally make up the Lastlooks .
Rhubarb Rhubarb at nine o 'clock, R hubarb.
9 : 0 0 .

Sorry Excuseme.
Are you the person in charge here Hi .
A r e   y o u   i n   c h a r g e   h e r e ?
Yes this is school land Yes , I am , and thisisschoolproper ty .
I was looking for you You  ' rejusttheperson I wanttospeakto .
If you could get the kids in that building to whisper I twouldbeincrediblyhel pfulifyoucouldgetthos ekidsinthatbuilding would be very helpful to us overtheretojustkeepit downforabit.
Just give them some practice or something like  ' emaworksheetorsomething ?
Just two or three minutes I mean, just two or three minutes, justforsound.
Here is the school land T hisisschoolproperty , no one is allowed to enter without permission andnooneisallowedhere withoutpermission .
Of course Ofcoursenot .
- Didn 't Annette tell you- Who is Annette- Youdidn  ' tspeakto A nnette ? - A nnette ?
Inthe Superintendent  ' soffice .
Do you know anyone in town called Annette D oyouknowan A nnettedowntown ?
Don 't know I don  ' tthinkso .
Sorry for the inconvenience Well , I  ' msorryaboutthemix - up .
We 're taking a 'setting shot' . . . We  'reshootingwhat  ' scalledanestablishing shot - -
Five minutes at most fiveminutes , tops . Before I figured out You  'renotshootinganything You are not allowed to shoot anything until I  ' mclearonwhat  ' sgoingonhere .
Documentary We are making a documentary Thedocumentary - - we  ' remakingadocumentary .
Yes . . . T hat  ' s - - Oh !
I heard that there is an exhibition or commemorative plaque or something like I wastoldtherewasadipl ayoraplaqueofsomekind .
Do you know where W ouldyouknowwherethatw ouldbe ?
Why do we have a plaque W hywouldwehaveaplaque ?
Because the people who went to school here B ecauseofwhowenttoscho olhere .
Who went to school here W howenttoschool here ?
Rupert Holmes Rupert Holmes.
It is about his documentary T hat  ' swhothedocumentaryisa bout .
Sorry who I 'm sorry.
Who ? Rupert Holmes .
Rupert Holmes singer-songwriter Youknow . . . Rupert Holmes , thesinger / songwriter .
'The Song of Pina Colada' Youknow , um . . .
a cocktail
" T h e   P i ñ a   C o l a d a   S o n g . "
You sure know me . . . I mean , sureyoudo .
I . . .

*If you like pina colada trapped in heavy rain* *I fyoulikepi ñ acoladasandgettingcau ghtintherain * *If you don 't like yoga it 's a little brainy* *I fyou  ' renotintoyogaandyougo thalfabrain * *If you like midnight sex * *I fyoulikemakin  ' loveatmidnight *
* Dunes by the Cape * * Inthedunesbythecape . . . *
Do you know Lu . . . look at her face See?
R u - -   L o o k   a t   h e r   f a c e .
- Rupert Holmes - Did he go to school here - Rupert Holmes . - He ewenttoschoolhere ?
Yeah 64 's Yeah .
Classof  ' 64 . He still often says Hestilltalksaboutit .
But this school was built in  '71 Buttheschool wasbuiltin ' 71.
He went to school in the old building before that M m .
H e   w a s   a   s t u d e n t   i n   t h e   o l d   b u i l d i n g   t h a t   u s e d   t o   b e   h e r e .
We kind of . . . how to say We  ' retakingalittle - - whatdoyoucallit ? Art Recreation Artisticliberties .
Isn 't Rupert Holmes English I sn  ' t R upert Holmes English ?
Yeah it could be a little fun W ell , yeah , and that  ' ssomegreattrivia , but he spent his teenage years in Albuquerque buthespenthisformativ eyearsrightherein Albuquerque .
so you call the supervisor 's office I  ' lltellyou what - - whydon  ' tyoucall A nnette downin the Superintendent  ' s Office ?
We are here waiting for the official reply A ndwe  ' lljuststayheretillyou getofficialword .
- well if you don 't mind waiting - no - Well , ifyoudon  ' tmindwaiting .
- N otatall . We don 't want to break any rules Wedon ' twanttobreakanyrules.
Shouldn 't be long, I 'msure.
Not guaranteed A ndnopromises, but I try to keep the kids quiet but I 'llseewhat I candoaboutgettingthek idstoquietdown.
That really helped a lot. Oh. That would be superhelpful.


Hurry up and it 's time for C hop - chop .
M a g i c   t i m e .
- hurry up - ok - C omeon , let  ' sgo .
- A llright don 't do the styling and bring the flag down No olastlooks . Just theflag - - theflag .
O kay , remember - - heroic .
Well you are a hero Y eah , you  ' reahero .
- Big Hero - Be Solemn - Big , bighero . - G ravitas .


Start Go .
Dolly, dolly, dolly.
Pretty N ice .
Pretty N ice .




- Hello Mike - Hello Fran - Hey , Mike . - Hey , F ran .
Is breakfast still served Youstillservingbreakfast ?
Are you serving the old fashioned Foryou ?
S u r e .   T h e   u s u a l ?
Ok U m , begreat .



Thank you Thanks .
Is there anything good in a nythinggoodinthepaper ?
no No .
Has there ever been a good thing in the paperW asthereeveranythinggo odinthepaper ?
Not much really N ottoooften .

- Fran- how- Hey , F ran . - Y eah ?
I asked I gottoask . . .
Has it ever snowed here doesiteversnowaroundh ere ?
Sure, it does.
Are you going to spend your first winter in Albuquerque Theisgonnabeyourfirst winterin A lbuquerque ?
That 's right, I 'm from Philadelphia. Yeah.
I ' m   o u t   f r o m   P h i l a d e l p h i a .
Behold the year Well , it depends on the year .
If you stay long enough I fyoustayaroundlongeno ugh , there will be snow shovels don 't worry you  ' llhavesomethingtoshov el - - don  ' tyouworry .
I love shoveling snow T hatsuitsme .
I live in Cedar Crest and it often snows I liveupin C edar C rest .
W e   g e t   p l e n t y .
If it 's not enough, you can shovel snow from my driveway.
A word thing Justsaytheword.
Well Yeah , well . . .
Miss checkout Miss . check , please ?






Hey Yeah.
We gotta talk Wegottatalk.


I need to know something I  ' vegot something I needtoknow , tell me immediately and I needtoknowitfast .


What 's that What 's that? We were robbed a while ago on Wegothittheotherday.
A southbound truck was hijacked. A truckheaded southgothi jacked.
Someone stole two hundred and fifty thousand Someonestoleaquartermi llion .
Now Hector is mad looking for who did it Now Hector  ' sflippin  ' out , lookin  ' forwhodidit .
The problem is Thingis . . .
I think it 's you I thinkitwasyou .
The driver was tied up with no marks. The driverhog - tied - - notamarkonhim .
A nyoneinthegamewouldca ppedhimwithoutasecond thought .
But this driver is still alive Butthisdriver?
H e  ' sstillbreathin  ' . I wondered who this guy was
Still leaving a witness indrug money and leave aw itness ?
Who wouldn 't shoot W ho  ' stheguy whowon  ' tpullthetrigger ?'
It 's you You.

I 'm not here to blackmail you I 'mnotheretosqueezeyou.
You want to rob a drug cartel that 's your business Youwannaripoffthecartel , that  ' syourbusiness .
But the problem is B uthere  ' sthething .
I 'm going to pick up that driver Hector 's orders I 'mpickingupthatdriver--Hector 'sorders.
We 'll see what he knows We  'regonnaseewhatheknows , if he knows you it 's not good for us both andifheknowsyou , that  'sbadforbothofus .
You don 't have to worry about T hatshoudn ' tconcernyou .
But he 's with you, isn 't he B uthewasinonit , right ?
The driver had nothing to do with the matter. The driver hadnothingtodowithit.
- Who is that - only me - The henwho ? - Justme .
Are you saying you 're doing this ticket with no one in you You  ' retellingmeyoudidthis withoutsomeoneonthein side ?
Impossible Not possible .
How do you know Howdidyouknowaboutthet ruck for that truck?
How do you know Howdoyouknowabouttheti res in the tire?
Want me to say A ll I cantellyouis , you overestimate your IQ youguysaren  ' thalfassmartasyouthin kyouare .
So that driver doesn 't know anything Sothedriver . . . doesn 't knowanything ?
- Don 't know anything - does he hear you - No otathing . - Hehearyourvoice ?
- no - now Hector is still looking for competitors - N o . - R ightnow , Hector  ' slookingat thecompetit ion , but if he hears the driver say he is an old Yankee . . . buthehearsthedriversa yitwassomeoldgringo . . .
He didn 't hear me He edidn  ' thearme .
He just saw a man in a ski mask. He esawaguywithaskimask - - that  ' sit .
Are you sure Andyou 'resureofthat?
That 's right Yeah.
You better make no mistake about Youbetterberight.
Why not in the paper W hywasn  ' titinthepapers ?
What What?
Did the cops keep the truck robbery out of the papers? Thetruckrobbery - - thecopskeepingitoutof thepapers?
Police Thecops ?
The police know nothing about Thecopsdon 'tknowshitaboutit.
How  's that?
Is that what you are about? I sthatwhatthisisabout ?
You want the police to catch Hector Youwantedtoputthecopso nto Hector ?
why ?
You are not important to him Youarenothingtohim .
He completely forgot about you, Heforgotallaboutyou.
I have not forgotten him I haven  ' tforgottenhim .
You pushed me into the fire pit Youputmeintheshit just  'causeyougotitinfor Hector Salamanca?
You lead the police to him and to me Listen, youputthecopsonhim, youputthemonme.
If you are for money I understand but you do this Doingitforthemoney - - I getit , butthisshit - -
It 's crazy that  ' sinsane . You gotta calm yourself You  ' ouneedtocalmyourselfdown , get your hands out of that pocket andyouneedtotakethath andoutofthatpocket .

You gotta understand Now , justsoyouknow . . . are over it  ' sover .
I 'm done with your boss I 'mdonewithyourboss.

Forget it W hatever.
Why not in the paper W hywasn  ' titinthepapers ?
Because we cleaned up Becausewecleaneditup.
How to clean up How  ' s that ?
We are lucky We gotlucky .
A good-hearted person came over after you left A fteryouleft , a God S amaritancamealong shouting ' oh my god ' and said , ' O h , my God !
O h ,   m y   G o d ! "
He untied the driver and the driver called us over to Hecutthedriverloose.
T hedrivercalledus . We went over and drove the truck We ecameout , gotthetruck .
As if it never happenedM adeitlikeitneverhappe ned.
And that Good Samaritan?
Hector collapsed his face H ectorshothimtheface .
We buried him in the desert We ebriedtheguyoutinthe desert .
I said . . . Like I said . . . we cleaned up wecleaneditup .








How are you today Howwasyourday ?
Meet Paige and Kevin Youknow , metwith Paige and Kevin ,
interviewed some paralegals interviewed some parale gals . . .
And this and , uh , this . What about you?

Finished the commercial Finishedthecommercial .
I 'm not showing off but this may be I don  ' twanttooversellit , but I thinkitmightbe thegreatest 6 0 seconds in the history of television .
Tomorrowmorning , uh , tomorrow morning between 11:18 and 11:35 somewhere between 1 1 : 1 8 and 1 1 : 3 5 , put down your work and go to 'Murder Diagnosis' stopwhatyou  ' redoing and tuneinto ' D iagnosis Murder.'
I wrote down I 'llmakeapointofit.
Do you want to talk about this? Youwanttotalkaboutthis?
Not now .
Never ever .
I just want to say . . . I 'mjustgonnasay . .
Now . . . all is well S o . . . allisrightwiththeworl d .
Good night Goodnight .
Good night Night .

Your brother is a smart lawyer Yourbrotherisonesmartl awyer .
The smartest I know no offense Thesmartestone I know - - I mean , nooffense .
He will be a formidable opponent He  ' dmakequiteanadversary .
You are right You  ' dbetterbelieveit .
He 's the kind of adversary who ' dfindeventhesmallestc rackinyourdefense .
Against him you really have to make sure Goingagainsthim , you  ' dreallywanttomakesure you  ' vegotallyour I  ' sdottedandyour T  ' scrossed .
Leave no trace Nothingforhimtofind .



Open 24 hours






How are you Hey , howyadoin  ' ?
Come to Bewithyouinaminute in a while.


Remember me Rememberme ?
don 't remember U h . . . no .
I think you should remember Lance I gotaweirdfeelingyoudo , Lance .
It was fun tonight at Nightisafunnynight.
For some reason, Forsomereasontonight,
I feellike I  'vegotalltheanswers . . .
It feels like I 'mfeelingkindoflike, uh . . .
Johnny Carlson 's character Carnac on The Johnny Carlson Tonight Show is like Carnac.
Do you remember when Johnny Carson used to play Carnac Doyourememberwhen Johnny Carsonusedtodo Carnac?
He will give answers before the questions are asked You ouknow , he  ' dgive the answers before the questions .
Ed will give him the envelope, right Youknow , Edwouldgivehimtheenvel ope , yeah ?
A nd J ohnnywouldholdituptoh isforehead , and he would give an answer like and , um , he  ' dgivetheanswer , like , 1950s and 60s American TV series
' Leave it to the beaver ' ' L eave I tto B eaver . '
Then Johnny will open the envelope Then Johnny  ' dtearopentheenvelope .
The question is A ndthere ' sthequestion - -
'What was written in the raccoon 's will' 'What diddidthedeadraccoons ayinhiswill ?'
Remember T hatringabell?

Haven 't you watched Beforeyourtime?
We get down to business A llright , well , let  ' scuttothechase .
The man who just walked out of here U m , thatguy whojustwalkedoutofher e - - named Ernie hisnameis Ernie .
Did he show you my picture I 'mguessingheshowedyoum ypicture and asked you if I was here that night andasked if I wasinheretheothernigh t .
He will bring his boss now which is my brother No owhe  ' sgoingtobringhisboss , who  ' smybrother , he will ask you the same question and he  ' sgonnaaskyouthesamequ estion - -
'Did you see that man that night?' 'D idyouseethatguytheoth ernight ?'
The answer is no Well , the answerisno .
Do you understand Youfeelme?
Did you kill You Murdersomeone ?
No Nope.
Robbed the bank Robabank ?
I 'm not that cool Nowayam I thatcool .
I gonumbertwoand I don  ' tflush , but . . . it 's a brother thing thisisjustathingbetwe enbrothers .

And we are all lawyers so . . . A ndwe  ' rebothlawyers , so . . .
Is that a long and boring story Right ?
I   m e a n ,   ‭ t h a t ' s   a   l o n g   a n d   b o r i n g   s t o r y .
You are not interested in you  ' twannaknow .

Will this thing provoke the police I sthisgonnagetmejammed upwiththecops ?
My brother might tell you that but not M ybrothermaymakeitso undlikethat , but . . . no .
It 's just family matters. I t  ' sjustfamily .
Then I understand Then I feelyou .
Tell me about the cameras Hey, tellmeaboutthecameras.
There is a video recorder in the back Oh .
U h ,   t h e y   g o   t o   a   V C R   i n   t h e   b a c k .
Every 12 hours I go back and re-record It , uh , tapes for 1 2 hours and then recordsov eritself .
So I 'm on the tape now Right . S o I  ' montherenow ?
How hard would it be to erasing a record? I 'm not sure M m .

I   d o n ' t   k n o w .
Can be cumbersome. . . C ouldbetricky . . . and expensive andexpensive.
Like 100 yuan like 1 0 0 bucksexpensive ?
200 yuan is so expensive Like 2 0 0 bucksexpensive .
You will have a great future young man Youwillgofar , myyoungfriend .




Good evening U h , goodevening .
Lance, right U h , L ance , isit ?
to Yeah .
Lance I am Charles McGill Lance , I  'm Charles McGill .
My assistant talked to you before about U h , myassociate , uh , spokewithyouearlier , he showed you this photo and he showed you this pho to .
U m around the morning of the 18th , onor about the morning of the 1 8 th , this person was here thispersonwashereinth isshop -- is that correct ?
About ...
U h .   O n   o r   a b o u t   t h e . . .
T he 1 8 th , earlymorning .

no No .
You told my assistant Well , I  'm - - I believe you outold myassociate that he came here and made copies of the documents thatthewashereandthath emadecopies .
yeah sorry Yeah, butsorry.
Never been No o .
Okay that 's right Y eah , that  ' smyguy .
All right , the , uh , th - the night of Tuesday the 1 7 th - -
leadingintoearly We ednesday ,
That is, earlyhours of W ednesday the 1 8 th . . .
Are you here for sure. . . wereyou , infact , here ?
C a n   w e   e s t a b l i s h   t h a t ?
I 'm a night shift U h , I mean , I workgraveyard , so yes so , yeah .
Hold on to Lance S taystrong , L ance .
Has this guy ever printed something Wasthismanhere , makingcopies ?

I just said no I t  ' slike I said - - I don  ' tthinkso .
You said he had been to Well , earlier , you said that he had been to Well , earlier , you said .
Now say he hasn 't been here No owyou  ' resayingthathewasn  ' there .
Which is the truthWhichisit?
Yeah, well, when thatguyshowedmeth epicture, when that guy showed me pictures,
I thought 'maybe' but now I look closer I thought, 'Maybe,' Butnowthat I 'mseeingitagain, uh . . .
Sorry A h , sorry .
How to say D on  ' tknowwhattotellyou .
It seems that I read Guess I waswrong wrong.
The child listens carefully to S on , listencarefully .
I am a court worker investigating a serious case I amanofficerofthecourt , investigatingafelony .
So you 're a policeman S oyou  'reacop ? No I 'm not me . . . I . . .
N - N o ,   I ' m   n o t .   ‭ I ' m   - -   I ' m   - -   I ' m ,   u h ,   I ' m   - -
mr mcgill may be time to send you home m r .
M c G i l l ,   ‭ m a y b e   w e   b e t t e r   g e t   y o u   h o m e .
Ernesto don 't treat me like a child Ernesto , donotspeaktomeasif I wereachild .
I 'm fine I 'mfine.


I am not a police officer I amnotapoliceofficer .
I am a lawyer I amanattorney .
I have a moral and legal duty A nd I haveamoralandlegalobl igation to investigate this matter to gettothebottomofthi smatter.
Investigate what Thebottomofwhat?
Forgery , fraud , falsifyingevidence . . .

illegal intrusion . . . breakingandentering .
This man . . . is he all right? Hisguy - - isheokay?
I 'm pretty normal T here 'snothingwrongwithme! Mr. McGill maybe we can Mr. r.
M c G i l l ,   m a y b e   w e   c o u l d
- Take a break and then- Ernie shut up- justtakeabreakand - - - E rnie , shutup !

You think about the choice you  ' remaking .
I told you he hasn 't been here I alreadytoldyouhewasn  ' there .
What else do you want me to say Whatdoyouwantmetosay?
I want you to speak the truth I wantyoutospeakthetruth .
I know he has been here I knowhewashere!
I know what he did I knowwhathedid !
Tell me what you and Ernesto told me Tell me whatyoutold Ernesto .
Stop changing your rhetoric. S toptryingtochangeyour story .
Excuse me how to change to 1 1 x 1 4 Excuseme .
S o r r y .
H o w   d o   w e   g e t   t h i s   t o   d o   1 1 x 1 4 ?
Sorry No , excuseme !
We 're talking Wearehavingaconversati onhere!
You have to switch to the fourth tray Yougottoswitchittotray four .
I will show you more intuitively. Listen to I t  ' seasierif I showyou .
L o o k .
Dude it 's okay D ude , okay .
I don 't want to get in trouble I-I-I-I don  ' twantanyproblemshere.
You just... take him away S o , just . . . gethimoutofhere , or I 'll call the police or I  ' mgonnacallthecops , okay?
Don 't go we haven 't finished yet Do notwalkawayfromme!
W e   a r e   n o t   f i n i s h e d   h e r e !
I 've told you enough dude I amdonetalkingtoyou , man !


Quick alarm Call 9 1 1 .
Call the police, please call C all 9 1 1 .
C o m e   o n .
All major application markets can be downloaded
Renren American Drama APP is the largest and most complete American drama platform when you watch American dramas.
Scan the code to download immediately
