 00 : 00 : 01, 852 -- > 00 : 00 : 03, 950 Over the course of my long life , ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪




 ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪




 ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪


 Open it up .
 What the hell ?
 Aah !
 [ Clatter ]
 Rebekah :
 Hello .
 Mm .
 Lovely to see such a handsome face after a long journey .
 Can I eat him , brother ?
 Elijah :
 I 'd rather you didn 't .

 There 's no need to be afraid .
 He 'll do exactly as I say .
 He 'll remember nothing .
 I will remember nothing .
 We 've had a very long journey wherein which , unfortunately , we lost all of our crew .
 Therefore , we 'll ask you to kindly transport our belongings to the shore .
 What kind of hell demons are you ?
 We 're vampires , darling , the original vampires ...
 Rebekah , Elijah , our brothers Kol and Finn ...
 May they rest in peace ... Klaus :
 Are we saving the best for last ?
 And our half- brother Niklaus .
 Ignore him .
 He 's a beast .
 Ha ha !
 [ Thud ]
 Fled Europe and survived the seas .
 Would you rather I arrive hungry on the shores of our new homeland ?
 Niklaus , your manners are , as always , without equal .
 Sir , would you be so good as to tell us where it is that we have arrived ?
 The French colony of Louisiana off the shores of a town they 've named New Orleans .
 I thank you so much .
 Oh , I do recommend that you find yourself a little assistance for the luggage .
 My sincere apologies .
 Woman : ♪ This land is your land ♪ This land is my land
 So what brings you to the big easy ?
 I used to live here .
 Really ?
 When ?
 Oh , feels like 100 years ago .
 I just moved here myself . What brought you back ?
 Well , my brother is here somewhere .
 I 'm afraid he might have gotten himself into a bit of a bind .
 You say that like it 's a common occurrence . Well , he 's complicated ...
 [ Hisses ]
 Defiant , ill- mannered , and a little temperamental .

 See , we don 't share the same father .
 Of course , that never bothered me , but my brother resents it deeply , never felt like he belonged .
 All told , he has a long history of getting himself into trouble . Well , I 'm guessing you have a long history of getting him out of it .

 What kind of bind is your brother in ?
 He believes there are people in this town that are conspiring against him .
 Wow , narcissistic and paranoid .
 Sorry .
 Bartender with a grad degree in psychology , total cliche .
 Listen , Camille .
 I 'm looking for someone who might shed some light on his current predicament .
 She works here ...
 Jane- Anne Deveraux .
 Any idea where I might find her ?
 No , but I know someone who might .
 Welcome to New Orleans and the crown jewel of the crescent city :
 The French quarter ...
 Jazz and jambalaya , romance and poetry , not to mention things that go bump in the night , monsters that feed off human blood , vengeful spirits of the dead , and , my personal favorite , the witches .

 Here we have voodoo shop jardin gris .
 Come in .
 Browse for a hex .
 Are you gonna continue following me , Elijah , or do you want to talk ?
 You know who I am .
 Original vampire , always wears a suit .
 You and your family are famous amongst the witches , especially with your brother back in town .
 Well , Niklaus is here because he learned that a witch was conspiring against him , someone by the name of Jane- Anne Deveraux .
 Well , if he 's looking of Jane- Anne , he 's a little late .
 Are you telling me she 's dead ?
 Come on .
 Her sister Sophie is gonna want to talk to you .
 [ Crickets chirping ]
 That 's Jane- Anne ?
 Killed in public for anyone to find .
 Only people who come around here are the witches .
 Now her sister has come to take her body .
 Her spirit can 't rest until it 's been properly interred in the cemetery .

 Please tell me that my brother had nothing to do with this . No .
 Jane- Anne died because she got caught doing magic .
 What do you mean , she got caught doing magic ?
 [ Woman screams ]
 You want to know who killed Jane- Anne ?
 You 're about to get your first glimpse of Marcel in action . The vampire Marcel ?
 Things have changed since your family left , and Marcel has changed .
 I 'm asking you , stay hidden . If Marcel finds out that a witch
 let the originals back into town , my people will be slaughtered .
 Well , well , well . What have we here ?
 I got to tell you , Soph , this street corner is not proving the luckiest spot for your family tonight .
 [ Hisses ]
 Not half an hour ago , we had to teach your sister a little lesson we 're putting her to rest , Marcel .
 Leave us alone .
 I never said you could move the body .
 Matter of fact , I left her here for a reason , send a message .
 If anybody is thinking of joining some kind of rebellion , my rules state that witches can 't practice magic in the quarter , and yet a little birdie informed me that Jane- Anne was cooking up something magically delicious .


 Oh , yeah .
 While I have you , quick q& a .
 My old friend the hybrid Klaus , he just happened to show up out of the blue asking for , of all people , Jane- Anne .
 Any idea why ?
 I don 't know .
 Witches don 't get involved in vampire business .
 Mm , that would be pretty stupid , that 's for sure .
 Tell you what .
 Go back to the restaurant .
 Cook up some of that famous gumbo and keep those tourists happy .
 Take the body . No . Stop .
 Stop .
 Marcel ...
 I 'm gonna hold on to your sister 's body in case maybe you remember why Klaus is here .


 Sophie :
 Marcel , please .
 Her body won 't be at peace . ♪ Not my problem
 Rebekah :
 You mean to tell me , after all these years , Marcel is alive and well ?
 Elijah : Quite .
 Our brother seems to have wandered into a war zone , and I haven 't been able to find him .
 Marcel , who Klaus sired and brought up beneath his own wing , now rules a menagerie of savage vampires running wild , killing in public for any human to come upon .

 Witches are held in subjugation .
 I doubt Niklaus had any idea what he was walking into .
 Sorry . What was that ?
 I stopped paying attention at " our brother . "
 Rebekah ...
 Our hateful , traitorous bastard of a brother negated any sympathy
 I once had for him by his repeated efforts to ensure neither you nor I know happiness outside of his own selfish universe .
 Always and forever , Rebekah .
 That is what we once swore to each other .
 Consider this me calling take- backs .
 Oh , you 've called take- backs dozens of times over the centuries , and yet when our father found us and chased us from this very city ...
 I may be old , Elijah , but I 'm hardly senile .
 I know very well I stuck with Klaus , and not 3 years later , he stuck a silver dagger in my chest and sent me into a magical slumber for 90 years .
 Do you know why ?
 Because I had the audacity to try and live my life on my own without him .
 No .
 I believe our brother is in trouble .
 So whatever is going on between Marcel and the witches , it 's dire enough that they 'd risk bringing an original back to town .
 The witches have lured him here .
 I 'd like to know why .
 [ Beep ]
 Oh , you got me into this , Jane .
 Oh , give me the strength to finish it .
 [ Creak ]
 [ Slam ]
 The doors work , you know . Man :
 You 're doing magic ?
 I 'm praying to my dead sister . Go ahead .
 Pay your respects .
 Don 't make this a thing , Sophie .
 The hybrid was looking for Jane- Anne .
 Marcel wants to know why .
 I 'd say ask her yourself , but I guess you can 't , see , because Marcel killed her .
 [ Thud ]
 I 'm Elijah .
 Have you heard of me ?
 Yes .
 So why don 't you tell me what business your family has with my brother ?
 [ Crickets chirping ]
 [ Creak ]
 [ Whoosh ]
 This is sacred ground , which means vampires have to be invited in ...
 But since I 'm desperate , come on in .
 We can talk freely here .
 Then I suggest you start talking .
 What did your sister want with Niklaus ?
 Isn 't it obvious ?
 We have a vampire problem , and we need help .
 Marcel has an army backing him .
 The witches have been trying to fight back .
 We haven 't had much luck until my sister Jane- Anne met a girl , a werewolf passing through the quarter from a small town in Virginia .

 She had a special connection to your brother .
 What kind of connection ?
 Apparently , they spent some time together .
 One thing led to another , and now this special werewolf girl , she 's pregnant , and the father of the child she 's carrying is your brother Klaus .

 It 's impossible .
 Nothing is impossible , especially not when it comes to your brother .
 Think about it .
 They call him the hybrid , right ?
 Bring her out .
 Who the hell are you ?
 Give us a moment , please .
 So have they been holding you here against your will ?
 They lured me out to the bayou and grabbed me .
 Then they did all these weird , witchy tests , not that I understand how this could happen .
 I mean , vampires are dead .
 They can 't have children .
 Perhaps if you knew my brother 's story , it might explain how this is possible .
 Here .
 If I may ...
 What are you doing ?
 Relax .
 If you open your mind to me ,
 I can show you .
 In the beginning , our family was human , 1, 000 years ago now .
 Come on , Henry . Our brothers are fighting again .
 Elijah , voice- over :
 Although our mother dabbled in the dark arts , we were largely just a family trying to survive at a time when it was quite difficult to do so ...
 And , for better or worse , we were happy .
 That is , however , until one night .
 Our youngest brother was killed by our village 's greatest threat .
 Mother !
 Men that could transform themselves into wolves during the full moon .
 Elijah , voice- over :
 Our family was devastated , none more than Niklaus .
 Desperate to protect the rest of us , our father forced our mother to call upon her black magic in order to make us stronger .
 Drink .
 Drink .
 Thus , the first vampires were born , but with this speed , this strength , this immortality came a terrible hunger .
 No one felt this hunger more than Niklaus .
 When he killed for the first time , he knew what he truly was .
 Aah !
 Aah !
 Aah ! What is happening to me ?
 No . Don 't .
 Don 't .
 Klaus :
 Father , no .
 It hurts .
 Aah !
 He 's a beast , an abomination .
 [ Growling ]
 He wasn 't just a vampire .
 He was also a werewolf .
 That 's how the werewolf curse works , isn 't activated until you take a life .
 Niklaus was the result of an indiscretion our mother had hidden from us all , an affair with a werewolf like yourself .
 Elijah , voice- over :
 Infuriated by this betrayal , my father forced our mother to cast a spell that would suppress Klaus ' werewolf side , denying him any connection with his true self .
 Ah ... Elijah , Elijah , hold him down .

 Brother , please don 't let them do this to me .
 Do it now , boy !
 Now !
 Help me .
 Your dad was a dick .
 I 'm Hayley , by the way .
 You should probably know my name if you 're gonna tell me your whole life story .
 I mean , I know yours .
 Your family is legendary .
 Your brother is a notorious psycho who I slept with , classic me .
 I cannot excuse his behavior , but you must understand that our father hunted him , hunted us for centuries .

 Every time we found a moment of happiness , we were forced to flee , even here in New Orleans , where we were happiest of all .
 Not long after Niklaus broke the spell which prevented him from becoming a hybrid , he defeated our father .
 I thought this would make him happy , but he 's angrier than ever .
 I wonder if , perhaps , this baby will be a way from my brother to find happiness , a way to save him from himself .
 Elijah :
 Sophie :
 I 'm glad you feel that way because we need your help .
 What , precisely , is it that you want ?
 What does it have to do with this girl ?
 We want to run Marcel and his vampires out of town .
 Klaus is the key .
 Everything Marcel knows about being a vampire he learned from Klaus .
 Marcel trusts him , looks up to him .
 He won 't see the betrayal coming .
 Yes .
 Well , as I 'm sure you 're aware , my brother Niklaus doesn 't like to be told what to do .
 It 's why I brought you here .
 Marcel drove the werewolves out of town decades ago .
 Do you really think he 's going to welcome a hybrid baby to the neighborhood ?
 Convince Klaus to help us , and no one has to know about the newest member of the original family .
 Sounds remarkably like blackmail .
 Like I said , I 'm desperate .
 Well , then ,
 I have my work cut out for me , don 't I ?
 [ Dixieland jazz playing ]

 Evening , Elijah .
 Niklaus .
 What an entirely unwelcome surprise .
 And what an entirely unsurprising welcome .
 Come with me .
 I 'm not going anywhere till I find out who 's conspiring against me .
 I believe I just found that out for you .

 No .
 It 's impossible .
 I said the same thing myself .
 This is a lie .
 You 're all lying .
 Vampires cannot procreate .
 But werewolves can .
 Magic made you a vampire , but you were born a werewolf .
 You 're the original hybrid , the first of your kind , and this pregnancy is one of nature 's loopholes .

 You 've been with someone else .
 Admit it !
 Hey , I 've spent days held captive in a freaking alligator bayou because they think that I 'm carrying some magical miracle baby .

 Don 't you think I would 've fessed up if it wasn 't yours ?
 My sister gave her life to perform the spell she needed to confirm this pregnancy .
 Because of Jane- Anne 's sacrifice , the lives of this girl and her baby are now controlled by us .
 We can keep them safe , or we can kill them if you don 't help us take down Marcel .
 So help me , Hayley won 't live long enough to see her first maternity dress .
 Hayley : Wait .
 What ?
 Elijah : Enough of this .
 If you want Marcel dead , he 's dead .
 I 'll do to myself .
 No . We can 't , not yet .
 We have a clear plan that we need to follow , and there are rules .
 How dare you command me , threaten me with what you wrongfully perceive to be my weaknesses ?
 This is a pathetic deception .
 I won 't hear any more lies .
 Niklaus ...
 Listen .
 [ Heartbeat ]
 Kill her and the baby .
 What do I care ?
 Screw this .
 I 'm out of here .

 No one touches the girl .
 I will fix this .
 Elijah :
 Niklaus ?
 It 's a trick , Elijah .
 No , brother . It 's a gift .
 It 's your chance .
 It 's our chance . To what ?
 To start over , take back everything we lost , everything that was taken from us .
 Niklaus , our own parents came to despise us .
 Our family was ruined .
 We were ruined , and since then , all that you have ever wanted , all that we have ever wanted was a family .
 I will not be manipulated .
 So they 're manipulating you . So what ?
 With them ... this girl and her child , your child ... live .
 I 'm gonna kill every last one of them .
 And then what ?
 Then you return to Mystic Falls to resume your life as the hated one , as the evil hybrid ?
 Is it so important to you that people quake with fear at the sound of your name ?
 People quake with fear because I have the power to make them afraid .
 What will this child offer me ?
 Will it guarantee me power ?
 Family is power , Niklaus .
 Love , loyalty , it 's power .
 This is what we swore to one another 1, 000 years ago before life tore away what little humanity you had left , before ego , before anger , before paranoia created in this person before me someone I can barely even recognize as my own brother .


 This is us , the original family ...
 And we remain together always and forever .
 I am asking you to stay here .
 I will help you , and I will stand by you .
 I will be your brother .
 We will build a home here together .
 So save this girl .
 Save your child .

 No .

 Marcel and his vampires are out of control .
 Something had to be done .
 And the solution is to bring in more vampires ?
 These aren 't just any vampires , Agnes . They 're the originals .
 What makes you think you can control the hybrid ?
 Elijah :
 She can 't .

 Not entirely certain that I can , either , but now that your coven has drawn his ire ,
 I have a question .
 What prevents my brother from murdering you instead of cooperating ?
 [ Squish ] Ow !
 What the hell ?

 The spell my sister performed , the one that got her killed , it didn 't just confirm the pregnancy .
 It linked me to Hayley .
 So anything that happens to me happens to her , which means her life is in my hands .
 Klaus may not care about his own child , but it 's very clear what it already means to you .
 If I have to hurt Hayley or worse to ensure that I have your attention , I will .
 You dare threaten an original ?
 I have nothing to lose .
 You have until midnight to get Klaus to change his mind .
 [ Rock music playing ]


 Hey , man , where 'd you run off to ?

 Oh , someone put you in a mood .
 What can I do ?
 What you can do is , you can tell me what this thing is you have with the witches .
 You know I owe you everything I got , but I 'm afraid I have to draw the line on this one .
 This is my business .
 I control the witches in my town .
 Let 's just leave it at that .
 Your town ? Damn straight . Ha !
 That 's funny because when I left 100 years ago , you were just a pathetic , little scrapper still trembling from the lashes of the whips of those who would you keep you do , and now look at you ...


 Master of your domain , prince of the city .
 I 'd like to know how .
 Why ?
 Jealous ?

 Hey , man , I get it .
 300 years ago , you helped build a backwater penal colony into something .
 You started it , but then you left . Actually , you ran from it .

 I saw it through .
 Look around .
 Vampires rule this city now .
 I got rid of the werewolves . I even found a way to shut down the witches .
 The blood never stops flowing , and the party never ends .
 You want to pass on through ?
 You want to stay a while ? What 's mine is yours , but it is mine ... Great .


 My home , my family , my rules .
 And if someone breaks those rules ?
 They die .
 Mercy is for the weak .
 You taught me that , too , and I 'm not the prince of the quarter , friend .
 I 'm the King !
 Show me some respect .

 You 're friend will be dead by the weekend , which means I 've broken one of your rules , and yet a cannot be killed .
 I am immortal .
 Who has the power now , friend ?

 Elijah :
 He 's willing to give up everything .
 Come on , Elijah .
 Does that really surprise you ? I can already see it .
 He 's spiraling .
 He 's lashing out in blind rage .
 You know , the last time I saw him like this , it lasted 200 years .
 Then leave him to his temper tantrum and come home .
 With any luck , this misadventure will allow us a reprieve from all of his insanity .
 It was so close . When he heard the baby 's heartbeat ,
 I could see it in his eyes . He wanted it .
 He could almost taste happiness , and now his temper has destroyed it .
 Even if I was to return him to sanity , he just lost Marcel 's trust .
 So I 'm almost out of time to get the girl .
 Get her ?
 Have you lost your mind ?
 Are we running an orphanage now ?
 Say what you will about Niklaus , but on my life ,
 I 'm not letting anything happen to that baby .
 You find him , and then you call me .
 Don 't worry .
 I know how to deal with Klaus .
 Elijah :
 Is that so ? Please elaborate .
 Elijah Mikaelson .
 No .
 I got it .
 It 's all good .

 It 's time we had a little chat .


 Well , if you 're gonna talk , talk .
 I got things to do .
 Oh , my , you have grown quite confident over the last century , haven 't you ?
 Me ?
 I 'd say it 's you and your brother got cocky , come to my town like you own the place .
 Well , we did own the place once .
 We were all quite happy here , as I recall , but we could never control those pesky witches at the French quarter .
 How do you do it ?
 Hmm , brother asked me the same question .
 I gave him the same answer .
 It 's my business .
 Everything in the quarter is my business .
 Klaus comes into town all nice and friendly .
 Then he starts looking down his nose at what I done
 like it 's some cheap knockoff of one of his dumb paintings .
 Then he gets pissed off like a little bitch and bites one of my guys .
 Well , I do apologize for Klaus ' poor behavior .
 I assume you know that that bite will kill your friend within a matter of days .
 Of course , Niklaus ' blood would cure him .
 What ? Yes .
 Apparently , the blood of the hybrid will cure a werewolf bite , quite a handy , little thing when one needs leverage a negotiation .
 What kind of negotiations we talking about ?
 Return the body of the witch Jane- Anne , allow her people to put her to rest . What do you care about the witches ?
 Well , that 's my business , now , isn 't it ?
 [ Bell tolling ]

 His time is up .
 What are you gonna do now , Sophie ?
 I 'm gonna do what I said I was gonna do .
 Woman :
 What , kill the girl ?
 Kill yourself ?
 Klaus does not care about the child .
 Elijah :
 I do ...

 And I bring proof of my intent to help you ...
 The body of your fallen friend , which I procured from Marcel himself .
 Oh , Jane- Anne .
 May she be granted peace .

 Klaus will agree to your terms .
 I just need a little more time .
 You had your time .
 It 's passed .
 Shut up , Agnes .
 For now , accept the deal .
 The girl and the child remain unharmed , or Klaus will kill you all ...

 And I will help him .
 [ Whoosh ]
 Have I not made clear my desire to be left alone ?
 Oh , you demand to be left alone at least once a decade .
 Your words have ceased to have impact .
 Why must you keep harping on about the baby ?
 That child will never be born .
 In fact , Hayley is probably dead already .
 You will not walk away from this .
 Let me go .
 No !


 Don 't make me say it again .
 I will not let you go .
 I will never let go .

 Even if I have to spend eternity saving you from your own stubborn , petulant , vile self , if I have to beat you as father used to beat you to remind you of your own humanity , to care about anything .

 [ Clang ]
 You 're beyond pathetic , Elijah .
 Who 's more pathetic , the one who sees hope to make his family whole ...
 Or the coward who can only see the world through his own fear ?
 I haven 't cared about anything for centuries .
 Why on earth do you ? Because I failed you .

 Because the first time our father laid a hand on you ,
 I should 've struck him dead , and I made a promise to you ...
 Always , forever family above all .
 Ha ha ha !
 Ha ha ha !

 You are a sentimental fool .
 Perhaps .
 I 've lasted this long in spite of it , haven 't I ?


 The bond of family blesses us with an immeasurable power .
 Elijah , voice- over :
 [ Cell phone vibrating ]

 Elijah , voice- over :
 But we also must accept what comes with it .

 It gives us a responsibility to love without condition ...
 Without apology .


 We can never waiver from the power of that bond , even when it is tested .
 The bond nourishes us , gives us strength .
 Without that power , we have nothing .
 This town was my home once , and in my absence ,
 Marcel has got everything I ever wanted ...
 Power , loyalty , family .
 I made him in my image , and he has bettered me .
 I want what he has .
 I want it back .
 I want to be King .
 So is that all this child means to you , a grab for power ?
 Elijah :

 What does it mean to you ?
 I think this child can offer you the one thing that you 've never believed you had .
 And what 's that ?
 The unconditional love of family .

 Tell Sophie Deveraux we have a deal .


 [ Coughing ]
 You all right ?
 Just dust . This place is ancient . Yes .
 It should serve our purposes .
 It 's a sanctuary from our business in the quarter .
 Right now , you 're the most important person in this family .
 You need a good home .
 So I 'm curious .
 In all this time , has anyone asked you how you feel ?
 About having a miracle baby with a psychotic one- night stand ?
 About being a mother .


 I ...
 I was abandoned when I was born , and my adoptive parents kicked me out the second that I turned into a wolf .
 So I don 't really know how I feel about being a mother because I never really had a good one .
 I will always protect you . You have my word on that .

 Klaus :
 And noble Elijah always keeps his word .
 Is it done ?
 As a matter of fact , yes . Your underhanded deal worked quite well .
 Marcel was only too happy to accept my blood , even as he accepted my heartfelt apologies .
 His man thierry yet lives , and I remain a welcome guest in the French quarter .
 My own concern now is this coven of impudent witches .
 I believe them to be honorable .
 They did release Hayley , though they haven 't been entirely forthcoming .
 Marcel obviously has something that they need .
 They don 't want him dead .
 There must be a reason why .
 [ Flame huffing ]

 I assume it 's all quiet out there ?
 The witches know better than to use magic .
 They know I can sense it when they do .

 What about the old ones ? They 're dangerous , and I don 't want them to hurt you .
 The originals ?
 Davina , as powerful as you are , they don 't stand a chance .
 In addition to the secret weapon he uses to control the witches ,
 Marcel has assembled a small army of vampires .
 Working together , we could destroy them from the inside .
 And what of Rebekah ?
 Has she stopped her pouting long enough to join the fun ?
 She has made her disinterest quite clear .
 One too many times daggered and shoved in a box , I gather , or perhaps she doesn 't share your unwavering belief that I can be saved .
 Rebekah may surprise us yet .
 After all , we all swore the same vow .
 I hope she stays far away because in my desire to reclaim this town , to steal from Marcel that which he holds most dear , I have realized one massive vulnerability , one weakness that Marcel could exploit .


 And what is that ?
 You .
 Waah !
 Uh ! Uh !
 Forgive me , my brother .
 There is no power in love .
 Mercy makes you weak . Family makes you weak .

 If I 'm ever going to win this war ,
 I have to do it alone .
