

















0 0 : 0 0 : 4 4 , 7 1 1 - - &gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 4 6 , 7 1 3 ‎ (Red Cloud Junior High School) ‎ Hey baby
‎ - Can I go? ‎ - Where have you been?
‎ - what? ‎ - Where have you been? ‎ I 'm sorry darling, I have something to delay at Clover‎ Forgot to check the time‎ Did you drink?
‎ Kim I just drank a bottle of beer
‎ - but I don 't smell like it ‎ - I really only had one bottle
‎ Let 's go, get in the car

‎ Kim, I don 't want to mess with you, it 's too cold to get in the car
‎ Let 's go eat something and go home
‎ Divide a box of Chicken McNuggets to watch TV

‎ I 'm walking home
‎ Really? Are you going to carry a cello and walk five kilometers home?
‎ Don 't be stupid, get in the car

‎ I let you choose a radio station and get on the bus

‎ Kim hurry up and get me in the car
‎ I said I only drank a bottle of beer‎ Do you have to make trouble with me?


‎ You don 't believe me?
‎ Kim get in the car or I 'll drive home‎ Get in the car now

‎ I 'm not kidding, I 'm leaving

‎ Well then you don 't listen to me
‎ You never listen to me!









‎ NETFLIX Original Series
‎ freedom‎ freedom to ride‎ freedom to explore
‎ According to your own ideas. . .
‎ Freedom to choose a bank
‎ Hi, I 'm Don Washville‎ Chairman of Mesa Verde Bank
‎ Over the past 10 years our family is very proud
‎ Help your family increase their savings in the Southwest
‎ No hidden fees
‎ And you are free to choose the account that suits you
‎ - Right Kevin? ‎ - That 's right, Dad‎ That 's right! ‎ Let our family find you freedom in Mesa Verde

‎ (Mesa Verde Bank &amp; Trust)
‎ Can you do it? ‎ There is an image mixer in the video lab‎ We should be able to do what you want‎ plus make-up and costumes‎ We can do that period effect
‎ great‎ I like it
‎ sure to be a hit
‎ I feel like Shreprock will be so sick when she sees my idea‎
‎ When do you want it?
‎ As soon as possible tomorrow is the best
‎ Boss, I have to talk to you


‎ Your idea involves 10 locations‎ Probably 12 to 13 locations
‎ and also do post-images and the kind of video effects you ask for
‎ Maybe longer in a week
‎Maybe it will take longer‎ We have to prepare for the midterm exam
‎ And we had to run around lugging equipment‎ Plus the extras, the meal service . . .
‎ Have you been to any of these places? Can it be plugged in? ‎ And by the way, there are bathrooms. People need bathrooms‎ They have to . . .
‎ Wow sure. . .
‎ There must be a way, right? ‎ Because we are all smart people
‎ Surely we can figure it out, right?
‎ - Then reduce the number of filming locations‎ - No
‎ I . . . I am looking for a shocking effect‎ Never compromise on the effect

‎ Why don 't you just hire someone to provide a voiceover without an actor?
‎ Or all scenes were shot in the same location
‎ There is no actor to reduce the shooting location‎ It will definitely affect the effect. I think. . .
‎ I think if we think about it properly . . .
‎ Together we can definitely make it happen ‎ We can definitely do it
‎ brother impossible


‎ - We can . . . ‎ - Brother Impossible


‎ I can 't say what if we played superhuman spirits?
‎ What spirit?
‎ I mean like Superman is like . . .
‎ Like a weather announcer‎ That thing should be called a blue screen

‎ You mean green screen? ‎ Whether it 's blue screen or green screen anyway . . .
‎ We can always do this, right?
‎ So do you have a green screen?




‎ Gentlemen look good

‎ - Red Phoenix Yellow Phoenix‎ - What?
‎ - Red Phoenix Yellow Phoenix‎ - Very Good




‎ mom riding
‎ - Mother Riding‎ - Red Phoenix Yellow Phoenix
‎ Red Phoenix Red . . . Yellow Phoenix
‎ everything is ready

‎ Everyone has a heavy task and a tight schedule
‎ - Who can memorize the lines? ‎ - I should know

‎ I like confident people
‎ I played Prospero in the square a month after my prostate surgery.
‎ - One has to be confident‎ - Great God bless you
‎ Okay, stand with your confidence ‎ on the ground with this marker here
‎ That 's where you can 't mess around knowing?
‎ But don 't be too rigid, you know? ‎ Be as natural as possible
‎ talk to me
‎ As usual with friends but . . .
‎ You need to show fear and excitement
‎ You 're looking for a hero you know?
‎ No one will come to your rescue?
‎ But don 't say your lines too hard‎ Be emotional
‎ okay? How is it good?
‎ - Let 's shoot‎ - Okay
‎ If you need we have a tip board
‎ But don 't stare at the cue board at me, okay?
‎ - but the cue board is there to start recording ‎ - start
‎ - Camera? ‎ - ready
‎ start shooting
‎ great to stand here you look great
‎ keep your eyes open
‎ Yes, can you keep your chin down? ‎ Slight this way?
‎ - Perfection is just like that Quick Press the Capture button‎ - I can 't . . .
‎ - Five, Four, Three, Two Done‎ - Done


‎ - Delicious‎ - Can 't eat pizza while filming
‎ Because we 're shooting an ad, I 'll take it for you first
‎ Look over there? then stand like that
‎ Okay let me see it 's great
‎ Are you cool? But don 't be too cool‎ You gotta be human


‎ Make Xiaofan 's signature gesture
‎ Let it go, no one will believe it
‎ Okay, this cane is a little too popular‎ Can you give it to me first?
‎ five, four, three, two, done
‎ - what? ‎ - I 'm serious. . . okay?

‎ You look very official, don 't you?
‎ Well, can you give us a warm smile? can not?
‎ I 'm a director
‎ - good to get out of the way ‎ - good‎ to shoot

‎ Cool as I was just now‎ Are you ready? Okay
‎ Yes like this
‎ A little too much . . . put your hands on . . . ‎ ok
‎ Standing at the X mark is fine
‎ smile
‎ Turn sideways and take the Coke from her hand

‎ Okay, show a sad expression‎, look sullen


‎ When I say 'shooting' ‎ you can 't look here, hurry up
‎ Move quickly and turn your head this way immediately ‎ Look up there first, then turn around immediately to shoot
‎ Is there anyone else looking back?
‎ This way the glasses won 't reflect light, okay? ‎ This looks normal looking here
‎ watch me focus
‎ Don 't be like this


‎ Get more crazy and come back

‎ It 's good to be real

‎ stop

‎ awesome









‎ I 'm Saul Goodman if you . . .




‎ wait for me
‎ It 's a pity you came, you missed the good show‎ My part is about to be recorded
‎ Are you coming in? Here 's a pizza or two, no, I ate it at the office and I 'm not hungry
‎ Are you sure? This is a cold pizza touched by a community drama actor, do you really not eat it?
‎ Well, I won 't eat it, I just want to talk to you
‎ Chat? ok no problem
‎ Of course take a break
‎ Good news I found Olivia Bitsuey‎ She is 92 years old


‎ She is part of the Novajo Autonomous Alliance‎ and lives in Window Rock
‎ I 'll call her early tomorrow morning ‎ I wish I could meet her
‎ - Jimmy . . . ‎ - I 'll bring a bouquet of flowers
‎ Maybe go to Brother Cake Shop and order a fancy cake?
‎ - That 's a good idea . . . ‎ - Jimmy you think . . .

‎ Will Aker accept $75000?
‎ - $75000? ‎ - Will it be acceptable to him?
‎ You mean Kevin is willing to pay $75,000‎ to solve this?
‎ I . . .
‎ Listen, we 'll try our best, and I 'll make up for the rest
‎ ok wait a minute
‎ What do you mean by making up the difference? You pay for the difference out of your own pocket?
‎ I . . . YES‎ I need to close this and turn it over
‎ Why? No, hey, we have his black stuff in our hands
‎ Ricky is starting to doubt me
‎ he said something
‎ He doubted how you became Aker 's lawyer ‎ and questioned my intentions
‎ even wanted me to quit the project
‎ If we go on ‎ Ritchie 's gonna figure out what 's going on
‎ I 'll be honest with you, Richie doesn 't know anything
‎ - is not yet known‎ - he will never know
‎ He has absolutely nothing to prove without evidence
‎ you may be right


‎ But it 's really not worth it

‎ But what about here?
‎ everything went well
‎ gosh it 's like watching‎ a goodbye home run is gone

‎ But it 's your game‎ If you don 't want to, then don 't

‎ Then I 'll go talk to a few kids
‎ This place has to be cleaned up well. Tomorrow, Mrs. Ruan will open a shop, so...
‎ - I 'll help you‎ - You don 't have to be busy all day
‎ Jimmy you are doing this for me‎ I have to help
‎ okay
‎ ok but don 't touch the camera ‎ he said it was part of his body
‎ Got it














‎ Are you Michael?
‎ The Yankee who annoys Lalo every day?
‎ - If Hecht or those cousins ​​knew . . . ‎ - they wouldn 't know‎ Say it now
‎ Lalo took advantage of his secret informant
‎ He told Domingo to call the DEA‎ to expose your drug dealers
‎ When and where they trade
‎ Your people will suffer a sweep
‎ Promote low-level drug dealers
‎ Or find new people‎ and let the police catch them
‎ protect our own people
‎ - No problem‎ - Anything else? ‎ He said a lot
‎ Raid your delivery truck to attack your restaurant
‎ Make your customers sick
‎ Power outages, blow up pipes
‎ He will destroy your business step by step
‎ Until the big bosses in the south find no need to keep you

‎ You report to him from now on
‎ If he needs you, you have to come on without a word. Take action.



‎ Looks like you have something to say to me


‎ Do you know who you are working for? ‎ This guy is cruel

‎ they shot me
‎ Throwing Me Bleeding in the Desert‎ as part of his plan
‎ I don 't know what to say to you I warned you
‎ - what? ‎ - I warned you
‎ Once you start slaying Hector Salamanca‎ there are bound to be other troubles
‎ You make a choice‎ You start after you think about it
‎ But my father is innocent
‎ He could kill my father anytime
‎ If I didn 't listen to him . . .
‎ Listen and prioritize things
‎ Let 's fix Lalo first

‎ Then talk about something else


‎ Peggy here we have Kim, Richie and Marcy
‎ I hope you will tell me the good news‎ - are you seated? ‎ - Is it naive?
‎ Reconciliation with Aker decision
‎ Tell Kevin that his call center is fine
‎ That 's great, Kevin will be happy to die. When will this be officially finalized? ‎ We arranged to meet Mr. Goodman at 3pm on Wednesday ‎

‎ That 's great
‎ Kevin must want to go over there and settle it himself ‎ and celebrate
‎ I can 't wait
‎ - Congratulations Peggy‎ - Congratulations
‎ Kim is another tough battle this time, you won it again
‎ It is the result of everyone 's hard work‎ ​​We will send the details to your mailbox later
‎ great to talk
‎ good
‎ Now that it 's settled and you 're all in ‎ I have to call Jason in Charlotte
‎ Let him tell us about changes in real estate policy
‎ Dorothy, can you pick me up from North Carolina?
‎ Actually before you called . . . ‎ Sorry Marcy, could you let us chat alone?
‎ okay
‎ Dorothy wait a minute thank you
‎ I . . .
‎ I want to talk to you about what happened yesterday
‎ Richie, you 've been so nice to me‎ I shouldn 't have yelled at you yesterday

‎ So unprofessional
‎ Although I believe I should stay in this project
‎ But my reaction was too aggressive

‎ That 's all
‎ I want to say sorry to you


‎ Kim If you have any complaints about me‎ Just say it
‎ Actually, it doesn 't matter if you lose your temper
‎ I 'm not perfect and I 've lost control of my emotions many times
‎ But never do it for the people under you
‎ I don 't have to go into detail about the impact this has on everyone 's morale and confidence.
‎ There will never be a next time
‎ Hey, why? Call Charlotte later.
‎ Also cancel my 12:30 arrangement‎ but don 't cancel the reservation
‎ ok thank you

‎ you and me‎ let 's go to lunch
‎ for all to see
‎ Okay? ‎ - no problem‎ - then you go first












‎ （ ？ ？ ？ ）
‎ - hi‎ - hi‎ Excuse me
‎ - Are these books really only 25 cents each? ‎ - Exactly
‎ Why is it so cheap? ‎ Is there a flaw that I can 't see?
‎ No we have received a lot of donations‎ Some books are already here
‎ Does not fit on the shelf
‎ So we try to buy the extra books‎ so that we can use them to buy new books
‎ wow this must be a joke
‎ Treasure Island

‎ okay
‎ and The Little Prince
‎ My granddaughter will love it
‎ Well, then I 'll buy these eight
‎ - $2 for eight good books‎ - no problem ma 'am



‎ - Thank you Need a bag? ‎ - no thanks
‎ I 'll ask . . . ‎ - Does anyone named Lillian Simmons work here? ‎ - Lily to me


‎ Lily is wonderful
‎ My name is David Clark
‎ is a private investigator
‎ - Is it because of the travel agency? ‎ - yes

‎ I already told the police what I saw‎ I didn 't see anything at all‎ You saw a tall man with a beard‎ and dark hair

‎ I 'm not sure now
‎ There were two layers of glass at the time. He was leaning on a table
‎ Can we find a place to sit down and have a good chat? ‎ See if you remember any other details?

‎ I said I have told the police everything I remember‎
‎ I know‎ the police are trying their best to use that lead
‎ But I am entrusted by the victim 's family
‎ I want to help them find out . . .
‎ They want some relief Lily
‎ anything that puts them at ease

‎ I will send money to my parents in Taiwan‎ (Recommended Books of the Month)
‎ Every month‎ Every time Fred receives me
‎ We don 't talk much but he does things quickly
‎ So you saw that person inside on the day it happened?
‎ Yes, although there was a 'CLOSED' sign on the door‎ This never happened‎ but then the man pointed at the sign and waved me away
‎ I don 't know I thought they were down
‎ I went again in 20 minutes . . .
‎ The scene was so tragic, thick black smoke and fire
‎ The bearded man‎ Did you see him when you returned?
‎ Without me, I almost arrived at the same time as the fire brigade
‎ Then let 's talk about the first time you passed by ‎ You should have driven there, right?
‎ - Yes‎ - where did you park your car?
‎ On the right side of the store exit
‎ - Are there any other cars parked there? ‎ - There are a few‎ The number is normal
‎ - Any unusual or unique cars? ‎ - Unusual?
‎ For example, old cars, classic cars‎ The kind of cars that you don 't usually see


‎ Actually there is such a car
‎ Do you remember what car it was?

‎ I don 't know anything about cars
‎ That car has four wheels
‎ good
‎ Does this car look familiar?




‎ Is this the car?
‎ This is not up to me

‎ Well if you look closely. . . .
‎ Yes, this is the kind of car
‎ A 1970 Monte Carlo Custom?
‎ good
‎ Lily you really helped me
‎ Thank you so much‎ Well, as long as it can help the poor family‎ - one more thing‎ - what 's wrong?
‎ If you could call the officer who asked you
‎ Tell them about the clue yourself‎ Just tell them that you suddenly remembered this detail
‎ That was a long time ago‎ I don 't even remember who looked for me
‎ I know
‎ Officer Tim Roberts this is his phone ‎ Maybe he happens to be at his desk
‎ okay
‎ A grey 1970 Monte Carlo
‎ Grey? ‎ If you don 't mind, don 't mention me
‎ Police are more disgusted with private detectives‎ They think we are nosy
‎ They can take the credit alone
‎ I just want justice to be done‎ No problem, I understand


‎ thank you Lily

‎ ( Courtroom 112)
‎ Judge Papadumian is in charge of the case‎ You are lucky
‎ She likes my talent
‎Baby you really did your best for us today‎ Don 't think I didn 't notice
‎ Hey, do you want us to give you a flight‎ as a thank you?
‎ We won 't get your suit dirty‎ We 'll clean it up with a warm towel after you 're done
‎ Warm towels? Thanks for the suggestion, but I think I 'd forget it if I could.
‎ Then another day
‎ Anyway we gotta get back to work‎ ​​It 's almost lunch time
‎ hey you two maybe . . . ‎ maybe you should take a break

‎ You haven 't seen a restaurant that closes at lunchtime‎, right? Lunch time is the busiest time for business
‎ Be careful, okay? ‎ Don 't get caught again, you know?
‎ okay





‎ Hey two ladies! two ladies


‎ How much do you charge per hour?
‎ Excuse Judge Greene?
‎ I heard a lot of people saying ‎ You made a hole in one at Sandia?
‎ I hate to say it was all luck
‎ Then don 't say anything‎ US Open here we come
‎ - Cliff, have you been waiting for a long time? ‎ - Just in time without you
‎ Thank you Francisco
‎ I just saw you shaking hands with Judge Green‎ Don 't know if you heard the news that he is retiring
‎ Not retired?
‎ Yes and his 22-year-old ‎ clerk retired
‎ Really? Wow

‎ It looks like she 's been doing another kind of work report to the judge, right?
‎ Very good let 's hear about the hole in one
‎ Do you two gentlemen want something to drink?

‎ Of course you need to look at the menu again‎ or do you order now?
‎ Click it now




‎ I heard that S &amp; C have their own set of tactics
‎ Erin and her staff would have rewritten the petition ahead of time
‎ Then another box of receipts popped up
‎ Did Kelly say anything to you? ‎ What 's the matter with you?

‎ Ahao you until
‎ I . . . no I don 't know‎ Ah Hao don 't try to play with us
‎ Also . . . I don 't know them
‎ I don 't know you two ladies‎ You must be mistaken so . . .
‎ We got it all wrong ‎ Joe Doug is very unhappy
‎ you owe us money
‎ - I owe you money? ‎ - To owe money
‎ Can 't you do a major health care and only pay for gas? ‎ You know what I mean?
‎ - I can get away with it if you . . . ‎ - no
‎ listen I don 't know at all what joe doug or push oil
‎ You better leave now
‎ Honey we won 't go without cash
‎ I don 't know you and I don 't owe you money
‎ - Don 't touch her! ‎ - I didn 't . . .
‎ No Cliff they are not my whores‎ They are someone else 's whores
‎ Howard, are you sure they aren 't? ‎ I look alike
‎ The prostitutes I look for are taller than them


‎ God I 'm so good










‎ Hello, is this Olivia Bitsuey?
‎ To good afternoon ladies my name is Saul Goodman
‎ I am a lawyer in Albuquerque, NM
‎ That 's right, I 'm a lawyer
‎ I want to ask you something
‎ Have you heard of a bank called Mesa Verde?






‎ hey

‎ What is that?
‎ What did you say?
‎ How long has that thing been on the ground?
‎ I don 't know
‎ That 's an envelope inside a police station‎ No date on it?
‎ there is today
‎ Who is it for today?

‎ Officer Roberts
‎ Then you don 't think Officer Roberts should
‎ Got this envelope?
‎ Sorry for the must sir



‎ If the smell is coming from under the porch‎ it is most likely a possum
‎ against possums

‎ If it 's a dead body, I 'll investigate
‎ but you have to call animal control first‎ sure about me
‎ You can also grab a flashlight‎ and go down and see what it is
‎ Actually. . .
‎ If there 's no room for you under the porch‎ then maybe it 's not a dead body, right?
‎ goodbye sir
‎ (You may be interested in this‎ Reply: Travel Agency Police Officer)
‎ Ed, you have to come and see this
‎ hit and run
‎ On the day of the travel agency homicide
‎ Look what car it is
‎ 1970 Monte Carlo
‎ It 's a coincidence that it 's the same model that the librarian said.
‎ Who sent it? Officer Mike Frost? ‎ I can 't even read my name
‎ This guy just hit the parking pole with his car?
‎ So there was a Monte Carlo in this parking lot that day‎ just half an hour before the murder
‎ Leave the scene of the accident‎ and head east for the travel agency
‎ This is 20 blocks in the middle
‎ Sounds like this is the guy we 're looking for


‎ Is James always late? ‎ he will come
‎ I only care about ending this
‎ Fix it once and for all
‎ We won 't finalize the contract today, but a deal is sure



‎ Hello everyone
‎ Nice to see your happy faces
‎ And you Richie 's joking‎ - Jimmy 's nice to see you again‎ - please call me Saul
‎ I 'm Saul Goodman during work hours‎ Always
‎ This is Peggy Norwick‎ Mesa Verde 's in-house counsel
‎ Good luck
‎ Peggy I Know You Made ‎ Kim Wexler and Mesa Verde Collaboration
‎ So you should be considered a military advisor
‎ Actually you are right
‎ This is Kevin Washville, CEO of Mesa Verde
‎ Actually I can tell from the prominent belt buckle

‎ I 'm looking forward to resolving this
‎Me too, let 's get started
‎ Hey Vela, how are you?
‎ - I . . . good‎ - cool
‎ - Let 's get straight to the point . . . ‎ - Open the door and hit the mountain
‎ Compensation to Aker based on previous negotiation‎ We only need to follow the contract
‎ Pay him $5 0 0 0 more than fair market value
‎ So we think $4 5 0 0 0 ‎ is a very generous offer
‎ I heard but I 'm afraid we‎ have a different understanding of the word 'generous'



‎ Because I don 't think your proposal is very generous
‎ started
‎ This is the final offer‎ We won 't give any more‎ No I expected that there would be a bargaining process‎ So still... . . can be freed
‎ We don 't want much
‎ How much do you want?
‎ $4 million
‎ 4 million is so funny and ridiculous
‎ To make up for his pain and suffering‎ Mr. Aker is asking you to pay $4 million‎ - that 's fair‎ - you know what you 're talking about?
‎ 1 4 followed by 6 0s ‎ and a dollar sign
‎ - we had an agreement before‎ - we just discussed
‎ We verbally agreed on a number that is acceptable to both parties
‎ I discussed your terms with the client
‎ He is very reluctant to leave his house his home
‎ He only accepts $4 million


‎ sorry
‎ We have to wrap up the meeting now ‎ Me and Ricky need to have a good talk with Mr. Goodman‎ You are so bold‎ It 's ridiculous
‎ What 's on your mind? ‎ You know you 'll never get to that number‎ - wait a minute and don 't go‎ - don 't let you waste their time
‎ - No . . . ‎ - Kevin meeting is over
‎ Since everyone is talking, I want to bring up something that has nothing to do with this case‎ - Kevin leave it to us‎ - don 't go, this is a good thing
‎ You 'll definitely want to see it‎ Kevin don 't go there 's your dad on it
‎ What?
‎ Kevin, let 's go‎, staying here will only be a waste of your time

‎ - You can only know if you stay‎ - Kevin I suggest you leave




‎ No I want to see


‎ Willa, can you close the curtains?
‎ Vera? please draw the curtains






‎ started
‎ Yaha!
‎I 'm Don Washville‎ (What is Mesa Verde hiding?)
‎ Chairman of Mesa Verde Bank
‎ My bank seized my house for violating technical rules‎
‎ I pay every instalment‎ This is not fair, this is against the spirit of America
‎ Exactly!
‎ Hi I 'm Saul Goodman
‎ Has Mesa Verde ever violated the law‎ and displaced you or your family?
‎ Then you may be entitled to a large compensation
‎ Call 5 0 5 5 0 3 4 4 5 5 now!
‎ - Are you kidding me? ‎ - that 's not true
‎ - slander is malicious slander‎ - this is slander
‎ How dare you play tricks on my father
‎ - Jimmy shut down you know you can 't ‎ - this is funny
‎ I went to the bank to get money for groceries‎ and got a rash when it came out
‎ It 's so itchy, I have rashes all over my body
‎ Exactly!
‎ Hi I 'm Saul Goodman

‎ Have you or your family ever been ‎ after visiting Mesa Verde Bank
‎ Infected with black mold?
‎ Then you may be entitled to . . .
‎ It 's illegal no matter where you run this ad
‎ maybe
‎ But we 'll fight when this ad airs in New Mexico, Arizona and Utah . . .
‎ No, this ad will never go that far
‎ Some might call it a prior restraint
‎ You can block us but there will be news outlets ‎ and it 's free
‎ To open my safe
‎ (Scenario based on real or fictional events)
‎ The gentleman just stood there with his pants off ‎ - exposing his genitals ‎ - that 's right!
‎ My dad never did that!
‎ None of this is real and it 's all fiction
‎ It doesn 't matter if this spam ad goes on ‎ we 'll get notoriety!
‎ This ad will never air
‎ Yaha! ‎I 'm Don Washville‎ (What is Mesa Verde hiding?)
‎ Bank Manager Can 't Explain Overcharged Fees‎ Where Did It Go?
‎ So I traced the flow of money
‎ My bank is financing terrorists
‎ - Exactly! ‎ - stop broadcasting
‎ - Stop broadcasting! ‎ - Hi I 'm Saul Goodman . . .
‎ I 've seen enough of this crap
‎ and many more
‎ I can leave this disc for you‎ because I have many more
‎ What are you doing this for?
‎ We agreed to Aker 's absurd request. ‎ You won 't play this spam?
‎ That 's against the law and no lawyer can use one case for the benefit of another


‎ This is unethical this is blackmail
‎ she 's right
‎ Each case must be independent‎ This leads me to my next topic

‎ This is Olivia Bitsuey‎ She is a photographer
‎ Actually, she likes self-portraits a lot. ‎ Her work is unique
‎ This is a photo she took 54 years ago
‎ - Kevin don 't say anything‎ - No gold I know this
‎ - Kevin I highly recommend you . . . ‎ - I know this photo‎ - was bought by my dad for a fair price‎ - Kevin‎ I hung one in the office that I am still at home
‎ I think we all just heard Mr. Washerville ‎ admit that he has a picture of Olivia
‎ and this photo bears a striking resemblance to Mesa Verde 's official logo
‎ Yes this photo is ours
‎ You only own one photo‎ and do not own the right to use this photo
‎ You are infringing copyright
‎ You can never prove it ‎ That way
‎ It 's almost the same ‎ So I think I can convince a judge or a jury
‎ Mesa Verde violated ‎ Miss Bitsuey 's intellectual property
‎ It 's not your fault it 's your father 's fault
‎ But we applied for an injunction
‎ So you have to remove all horse signs
‎ Or at least get something to cover them‎ until we fix that
‎ I don 't think it should take a few years, right?
‎ We will see each other often in the future





‎ The problem we face is these so-called victims‎ None of them said 'It 's all Mesa Verde'
‎ Everyone Says 'My Bank'
‎ - they didn 't say 'Mesa Verde' ‎ - but the ad was our image and logo. . . . The other party is entangled‎ - how to stop the advertisement from being broadcast?
‎ - We have to preemptively ‎ - How?
‎ We notify the TV stations‎ They will be sued for defamation . . . ‎ This could turn into a whack-a-mole war
‎ No matter what you do it 's a constant battle‎ Problems have to be solved one by one

‎ At the same time, we have to take countermeasures against infringement restraining orders‎
‎ We can start with this. It 's important. . . .



‎ - Kevin‎ - Kevin‎ I know you 're angry but please don 't be impulsive

‎ Take these questions to your lawyer‎ We will take care of it
‎ Kim Can I go to the bathroom?
‎ Of course you can

‎ Well about the Infringement Injunction I think we . . .


‎ ' immediately call 5 0 5 5 0 3 4 4 5 5 '



‎ where are you?
‎ waiting for me






‎ What do you want?
‎ You have to be more specific
‎ I 'll let Aker stay in his kennel‎ The call center location and other issues are written off
‎ Is this your purpose? ‎ Your attorney, Miss Wexler, has told you I can 't do that.
‎ Let me go
‎ You are a third-rate peddler‎ Selling your mother 's organs to achieve your goals
‎ What are you thinking? ‎ I remind you again
‎ I can 't do that, at least not intentionally
‎ Don 't talk shit
‎ Kevin, can you close your eyes‎ and imagine a world with me?
‎ You only. . . if you. . .
‎ In this world‎ Mr. Aker keeps his house‎ plus the $4 5 0 0 0 you paid for his pain and suffering‎
‎ In this world you have to apologize publicly
‎ Reimagining such a world‎ Native American photographer Olivia Bitsuey
‎ $200,000 for your use of her photo‎ and continued to be paid in the future for her inspiration‎ and for letting Mesa Verde use that trademark‎
‎ By the way, since I want to apologize, why don 't I also apologize to Miss Bitsuey at the same time.
‎ And only then can I imagine a world where ‎ the restraining order disappears‎ As for those ads? They will never see the light of day, then they will be stored in the vault, never to be seen by the world
‎ How do you feel about the world Kevin? ‎ You can open your eyes
‎ Can you imagine a world where we shake hands and make peace? ‎ A handshake between men?

‎ ( El Pueblo 6 0 2 1 )
‎ For he just put me down‎ or the previous route he went south









‎ Baker 2 4 1 PD
‎ Baker 2 4 1 PD speak
‎ Orientation: Route 2 6‎ New Mexico license plate number is 1 V 1 5 RZ
‎ A grey Monte Carlo driven by a man drives past
‎ Last seen along Brighton Street‎ heading south to Lawrence Street
‎ All teams on standby‎ Intercept a grey Monte Carlo . . .
‎ The driver was a man last seen in . . .






‎ Turn off the flame and throw the key out the window‎ Turn off the flame and throw the key out the window!









‎ Hey how am I doing today?

‎ Perfect, right?



‎ gold

‎ gold
‎ Listen to me and apologize to you? I am sorry
‎ I shouldn 't have attacked you with my previous tricks
‎ I should say hi to you
‎ But you know what? you 're mad at me‎ my goal achieved
‎ You were worried that Richie suspected you. ‎ Did he say anything?
‎ - No‎ - Great. See?
‎ Your anger is real anger‎ It 's like an immune shield that protects you, you know?
‎ I mean that kind of anger can 't be faked
‎ That 's right‎, right? So what did Kevin say?



‎ He says he 's fed up with lawyers
‎ Wait and imitate his tone ‎ You have to imitate his tone
‎ Kevin is fed up with lawyers wanting to end it early
‎ We explain your agreement to him‎ Not binding but he doesn 't care
‎ He is urging you to reconcile ‎ That 's right
‎ The plan worked and we got perfect results

‎ We should celebrate ‎ Let 's go eat steak and drink a few bottles of wine
‎ Order another tiramisu for a full set
‎ Alright Kim, I 'm sorry to hear that
‎ Then again, the plan worked
‎ Ritchie or Peggy would never believe it ‎ This is what we conspired to do
‎ Because we didn 't conspire at all
‎ Aker can keep his home‎ and get a lot of money
‎ Olivia Bitsuey‎ could get a sum of money for infringement
‎ Kevin can still build the call center‎ Everyone wins
‎ - You Won Jimmy‎ - What? ‎ you win
‎ Well I mean . . . it was us we won
‎ No I didn 't win
‎ Haven 't all your goals been achieved?
‎ - I don 't believe you anymore‎ - Why?

‎ you lied to me
‎ You made me a jerk again
‎ again? What . . . wait a minute, how can you be a jerk? This was your plan
‎ go to your jimmy
‎ Omg I . . . listen up
‎ I can 't take it anymore
‎ Kim I am. . .
‎ It wasn 't that we dealt with the bank together. It turned out that you dealt with me.
‎ Not just this time it 's the same every time‎ This kind of thing happens all the time

‎ No, the reason why I hide it from you is to protect you
‎Listen if I get caught I hope it won 't be the case‎ You 'll have to testify
‎ Then you will have every reason to deny
‎God Jimmy‎ You clearly stabbed me in the back, but you still have an excuse to say it 's to protect me?
‎ This . . . can beautify everything you do?
‎ Alright Kim, I 'm sorry, okay?
‎ - I will . . . never again‎ - You lie‎ I swear I won 't
‎ Look me in the eyes and tell me there won 't be another time
‎ you can 't

‎ I don 't believe you anymore
‎ You don 't believe in yourself
‎ Our life is a lie‎ You and I are both lying
‎ It 's time to end I can 't live this life anymore
‎ - No money we can fix this‎ - Shut up Jimmy
‎ You know this has to change
‎ If you don 't understand I don 't know what to say‎  'Cause we 're on the verge of collapse
‎ - OMG! No‎ - or we break up . . .
‎Either we break up now and get back together, and then go our separate ways or . . .

‎ Or what?
‎ Or we . . . I mean. . .

‎ Or we . . .



‎ Or should we get married?






‎ Subtitle translation: ‎ Wu Chunyan
