 00 : 00 : 00, 166 -- > 00 : 00 : 01, 703 My siblings and I are the first vampires in all of history ,
 The Originals .
 Unlike them , I am a hybrid ... half vampire , half werewolf .
 300 years ago , we helped build New Orleans .
 Now we 've returned , drawn back by a coven of witches who threaten the woman carrying my child .
 That baby will bring death to us all .
 Aah ! Aah !
 My brother Elijah dealt with them .
 No one hurts my family and lives .
 We thought Hayley would be safe .
 I 'm Marcel .
 I don 't think we 've met .
 Hayley is gone . Where is she ?
 What ?
 Marcel was here .
 We were wrong .

 Ladies , gentlemen , welcome to fight night ...

 And the first rule of fight night is , the vampire left standing at the end of the night is one step closer to the inner circle and one of these ... a daylight ring .

 If you can impress me with a little ultra- violence , you too can enjoy the warmth of the sun on your face .
 All you got to do is kick a little ass .
 So here we go .
 Our first two contenders ...
 Felicia and Otto .
 Ha ha ha !
 Whoo !
 Damn , girl , not bad .
 Good evening .
 I 'd like a word .
 What do you think you 're doing ?
 It appears that we 've interrupted a collection of filthy amateurs .
 We 've come here for the girl .
 Give her to us , or ... We kill everyone here .

 You two got a lot of nerve coming into my home and making demands .
 You 're home , is it ?
 The girl .
 I will not ask again .
 I assume you 're talking about Hayley ... yay high , dark hair , bitchy attitude .
 Who is she , anyway ?
 She 's an old friend .
 You know how sentimental I am about old friends .
 Well , I ain 't got her , and before you start whining ,
 I did pay her a little visit last night .
 I was feeling nostalgic .
 So I took a trip out to the plantation where I used to be a slave , and imagine my surprise when I realized that the Original family of vampires had taken up residence .


 Your girl Hayley answered the door .
 We exchanged hellos .
 That was it .
 You don 't believe me , look around .
 Hell , I 'll even help you find her , but the question I 'd ask is , if Hayley isn 't here , then where is she ?


 Uh !
 Uh !
 Uh !
 Seriously ?
 You don 't want to fight me , Hayley .
 You know you can 't beat a hybrid . Aah !
 Let me go , you backstabbing , half- breed piece of sh ... shut up !

 Not the most attractive community , are they ?
 You do realize they can hear you .
 You do realize I don 't care .
 You know , Elijah , I liked you better in that box , but , Klaus , my sire , you I owe the world , and I always show respect to my elders .
 If your special lady friend is missing , you can benefit from the help of a witch , and since I control all the witches in this town ,
 I 'll Grant you one little locator spell .
 Sabine is the best guide in the quarter . You need to find someone ,
 I guarantee she 's your girl .
 Where are you going ?
 I hate to cut this short , but the sun is coming up soon .
 My nightwalkers need to get inside , and I 've got a city to run .
 I 'll leave you to track down your lost sheep .

 Can you find her ?
 I can try .

 What is this place ?
 The armpit of Louisiana .
 What are you gonna do with that ? Depends on you .
 Hey , you attacked me , remember ?
 You ambushed me in my own back yard .
 It 's not your back yard .
 It 's Klaus ' .
 You 're shacked up in a mansion with that psycho , a long way from the girl I met in the appalachians helping other werewolves .
 Tyler , I 'm sorry , but a lot has happened since the last time I saw you .
 You mean like how you 're pregnant ?
 A hybrid baby .
 Yeah . I know all about it .

 I 've been roaming around the bayou asking questions .
 Let me tell you what I learned .
 This crescent birthmark means you come from a big shot family , some kind of royalty to the werewolves of this region , and right here , this is all that 's left of them .



 Hey , help me .
 They can 't help you .
 They 're in the woods hiding because they 've been persecuted for decades by vampires .
 Is that her ?
 Yeah , Dwayne . Get her inside .
 Tyler ?
 Tyler ?

 She 's in the back country , way out past houma , deep in the bayou .
 I don 't suppose you could be more precise .
 What 's the matter , Elijah , are you worried a bit suppose of splashing about in the bog might ruin your expensive shoes ?
 As a matter of fact , after my recent confinement ,
 I could use a decent stroll through the countryside .
 There are stories of exiled werewolves , encampments .
 If Hayley went out that far , chances are , she went to find them .
 Clearly , she hopes to make the acquaintance of more like herself . I suppose our company wasn 't good enough for her .


 You could always join them , you know .
 Uh , drinking games .
 It 's not really my thing .
 It kind of reminds me of the jocks in my High School .
 We had a pretty high quota of what you 'd call douche nozzles .
 Bullies , huh ?
 Yeah .
 Wonder what 'd happen if you saw those guys now .
 I bet you 'd tear them apart , right ?
 Ah , yeah , totally .
 Ha !
 Probably go all vamp ninja on them . Ha ha ha !
 You 're a funny guy , Josh .
 In fact , I thought it was really funny last night , you know , seeing you at that plantation where Klaus is staying .
 Ho ho !
 Ha ha ha !
 You going somewhere , Josh ?
 We should head south towards the water . You seem quite determined to find the little wolf .
 If I 'm moving too fast for you , Niklaus , you 're welcome to wait in the car .
 Do be certain to leave the windows down .
 Ah , so I 've touched a nerve .
 You 've begun to admire this girl .
 Perhaps that 's why you 've been barking orders since your return , hoping to impress Hayley by assuming the role of family patriarch .
 You want to insist on treating her
 like a walking incubator , then that 's your mistake .
 Have you found her scent ?
 No ...
 But I found someone else 's .
 This vehicle reeks of someone I thought I was rid of ...
 Tyler Lockwood .
 And why would your little hybrid sidekick from Mystic Falls have any interest in Hayley ?
 He wants revenge because I went after his girl .
 Why do I suspect this is the least of your offenses ?
 Back when I had the means to sire hybrids , he was my first , although I didn 't give him much choice in the matter .
 He was loyal in the beginning , but he grew insubordinate , turned my other hybrids against me .
 I couldn 't have that .
 So I massacred the lot of them .
 Tyler ran like a coward before I could finish him off .
 Anything else that you would like to share ?
 Well , there was this business with his mum .
 You killed his mother . Wonderful .
 He needed to be taught a lesson .
 And what lesson will you be taught , Niklaus , if he retaliates by harming Hayley ?
 So you do care about her .
 Well , go on , then .
 Have at it , brother . Save her .
 Claim what spoils you can .
 I 've sampled what she has to offer , and , let me tell you , she is exquisite .
 Niklaus , so help me ... enough .
 I 'll kill Tyler Lockwood myself .
 Marcel , something is happening .
 There 's a witch doing magic in the quarter . Oh , no worries .
 That one is Marcel- approved .
 Besides ...
 Oh !
 Got something else for you to handle .
 Oh , no .
 You 're the super witch .
 Say hi to Josh .
 Why would you bring him here ?
 Josh has a problem .
 Klaus compelled him to spy on me .
 Agh !
 I can 't have that .
 So I thought , " I 'll just kill Josh . "
 Marcel , please . It 's not my fault .
 Then I thought , " killing a vampire , that would be breaking my own rule . "
 Smart thing to do is to flip Josh .
 That way , he can tell Klaus whatever I want .
 He could even spy for me .
 All we got to do is wipe away that compulsion .
 So what do you think ?
 I can make him forget what Klaus told him , but the more Klaus said , the more it 's gonna hurt .
 Hmm , probably gonna hurt a lot .
 Josh ?
 I 'll do it , anything , yes .
 How much pain are we talking ?



















 R ... anything , yes .
 Klaus destroyed everything good in my life .
 So I 'm gonna take away the thing he wants most .
 No , please , Tyler , please .
 Aah !
 Ggh ...
 Uh ...
 Oh !
 I thought you were leaving town .
 Couldn 't stay away , huh ?
 I was half past Louisiana when I found out you invaded our home .
 What have you done with Hayley ?
 You 're so hot when you 're angry .
 Uh !
 You used me .
 I 'm pretty sure that was mutual .
 Beguiled by your charms , I slept with you like a fool ,
 led you to our home , and then you took Hayley .
 Whoa , I didn 't take anybody .
 I already sorted this out with your brothers , but it begs the question , why 'd you come back ?
 If Klaus learns it 's my fault you found your way to the plantation ... you really think I 'd rat you out ?
 Come on .
 If you think that I 'd ever in 1, 000 years do anything to hurt you , you got me confused with Klaus .
 All your charms and flirtations simply prove you 're every bit the liar and manipulator that Klaus is .
 Is that what you really think ?
 By all means , prove me wrong .
 Fine .
 Come on .
 Something you need to see .
 Don 't get all judgey .
 Dwayne knew what he was getting into .
 He volunteered .
 For you to kill him ?
 Dwayne is a werewolf who died with your blood in his system , same blood you share with your hybrid baby .
 You 're trying to turn him .
 That 's impossible .
 Been running with wolf packs all over the country .
 One of them was tight with a witch .
 She had nightmare visions about your baby and how Klaus could use its blood to make an army of hybrid slaves .
 I am sick of these witches and the premonitions about my baby .
 It 's just a baby .
 Maybe .
 Maybe not .
 That 's where Dwayne comes in .
 You see , he was happy to be the test case .
 If you haven 't noticed , these people don 't have much to live for .
 They 'd all welcome the chance to become the superior species .
 Trouble is , all hybrids are sired to Klaus .
 They follow his every move .
 No way I 'd let that happen .
 How can you be so sure Klaus knows what the baby 's blood will do ?
 What do you think ?
 Klaus Mikaelson ... killer of men , women , and puppies ... all of a sudden wants to be a daddy , or he 's got an ulterior motive .

 Hybrids can walk in the sun .
 Their bite is lethal to vampires .
 They 'll take over New Orleans by the end of the week , and you know what 's gonna stop Klaus then ?
 Nothing .
 You 're gonna have to feed on her .
 What ?
 No .
 Aah ... do it .
 No .
 No !
 Aah !
 Aah !
 Dwayne ... easy .
 You 're ok .
 Look at me .
 You 're ok .
 Look at me .
 Look at me .
 You 're ok .
 I 'm better than ok .
 Aagh !
 Aagh !
 I 'm sorry , but it 's just gonna get worse .
 Klaus ' compulsion runs deep .
 You need to think of something else , take your mind off it .
 Do you like music ?
 What ?
 What ?
 I can 't think about music right now .
 Why ? I don 't know .
 Maybe because you 're giving me a voodoo lobotomy .
 Do you like jazz ?
 Oh ...
 So what , then ?
 Club stuff ... house , trance , you know ... ♪ nn ss nn ss nn ss ♪
 I 'm a witch .
 I 'm not amish .
 It 's just I 'm only 16 .
 I don 't go to clubs . When I was 16 , I 'd been to 100 clubs .
 God , it was only 4 years ago .
 Feels like another life .
 All I wanted to do was meet boys .
 Things are so much more complicated .
 I mean , now all I want to do is meet boys and feed on people 's blood , get one of those daylight rings so I don 't burn in the sunlight , all perfectly normal things .

 I like the classics ... puccini , bach , Mozart .
 I took piano , not that it matters while I 'm stuck here .
 Why not ?
 Marcel is worried that someone could hear .
 It 's not his fault .
 He just wants to keep me safe .
 Safe from what ?
 Basically , a coven of psycho witches want to sacrifice me in a blood ritual .
 Oh , wow .
 Ok . Uh , I 'm ... Sorry .
 Don 't be .
 I 'm gonna destroy them all , and once the gone , everything will go back to normal .
 I 'll have my old life back .
 It worked , didn 't it ?
 He 's a hybrid .
 If Klaus gets a hold of you , if he gets that kid , he wins .
 Then help me hide the baby from him .
 Help me run .
 He 'll find you .
 He 'll take your kid away , and he 'll make more hybrid monsters , slaves who do everything he says .
 Tyler , whatever you 're thinking of doing , there has to be another way .
 You 're not like this .
 Uh !
 Agh !
 D 'ugh !
 Agh !
 That was stupid .
 Get away from her .
 What do you care ?
 I said , get away .
 You got what you wanted . Not get lost .
 Dwayne , he 's gonna kill me .
 He 's gonna kill you , too .
 He said that hybrids are too dangerous to live .
 You need to stop him .
 Shut up .
 Uh !
 Uh !
 Agh !
 Uh !
 Huh !
 Forgive me .
 Thought you were in danger .
 It appears I was mistaken .
 You will not believe the crap day that I 'm having .
 Let me take you home .
 Elijah ...
 There 's something you need to know about the baby .
 Hayley , don 't make this harder than it has to be .
 Give up now ...
 I 'll end it quick .
 Quite an offer , though not one I 'll be extending to you .
 Klaus .
 Hello , Tyler .
 You look well .
 I aim to change that .

 Threatening a pregnant girl in order to exact revenge against me .
 I never expected you to sink so low .
 I admit , I 'm impressed .
 I used to hang out with you .
 I guess something must have rubbed off .
 What do you think Caroline would say if she saw what you 've become ?
 Perhaps I 'll ask her when I call her to tell her of your demise .
 Whatever happens to me ,
 Caroline is never gonna stop hating you .
 Come on , mate .
 Give it a bit more effort .
 I want to enjoy myself .

 What is this place ?
 This is the garden .
 It 's where I punish vampires who break my rules , but a long time ago , used to be something else .
 Go on .
 Tell me what you see .

 Two stories , Greek columns , wraparound porch , high ceilings , transom windows .

 It 's lovely . So what ?
 So I designed it for you .
 It was gonna be ours .

 That ... this was supposed to be our happily ever after ?
 Yours and mine , except you flew the coop with Klaus .
 I already built the foundation for the place .
 I halted construction after you took off .
 Plan was to wait for you to return . You never did .
 So now it 's where I bury the people who betray me .
 You could 've come after me .
 You were with Klaus .
 I didn 't know where .
 I didn 't know if you still wanted to be with me .
 All you had to do was come home .
 It was more complicated than that .
 Not long after we left here , he put a dagger in my heart and stuck me in a box for 90 years .
 He stole a century from me like it were nothing .
 That 's what he does , Rebekah .
 Klaus will never be happy .
 He 'll be damned if he ever lets anyone get something that he can 't have .
 I know . I 've been dancing to this song for 1, 000 years .
 Starting right now , you have a choice between the brother who takes away your happiness whenever he feels like it and the man who wants to give you everything you ever wanted .
 He will kill you in front of my eyes out of spite .
 Not if we get rid of him first .

 Klaus must have known .
 That 's the only explanation .
 He could care less about the baby .
 He just wants her to be born so he can use her to make more sired hybrids .
 Although the way that Dwayne was acting , it was more like he was sired to me .
 I should take you home .
 Are you serious ?
 Regardless of my brother 's intentions , mine remain the same . Home to what ? Look .

 I said that I would protect you , even , if need be , from Klaus himself .
 I can take care of myself .
 I 've done it for a long time .

 Is this your idea of revenge , Tyler , grueling game of hide- and- seek ?
 D 'aagh !
 Rraagh !

 Let 's end this , shall we ?
 Raagh !
 Raagh !


 How dare you ?
 I 'm just getting started .
 Aagh !
 You 've grown bloodthirsty .
 Perhaps it 's best your mother didn 't live to see you like this .
 Ha ha ha !
 Yah !
 It 's sad , really .
 I thought I made you better .
 Turns out , you 're quite the disappointment .
 Yaah !
 I guess I 'm another one of your failures ,
 like how you failed at making hybrids , how you failed your family .
 Now it looks like you 're even gonna fail your own kid .
 And thus ends your tedious , little life .
 At least it was brief .
 Yaagh ! Ugh ...

 Do it .
 You 're never gonna break me .
 Only thing you could do is kill me .
 So go on .
 Go on .
 Get it over with . Ah ...
 You want me to end your suffering , don 't you ? Hmm ?
 I did break you , took everything from you , and now you 're begging me to sweep away the shards of your shattered , little life .

 Death offers more peace than you deserve .
 It 's better to let you live , and each morning , you will wake knowing that your wretched existence continues only by my will .
 Now go and live the rest of your days knowing you are nothing to me .

 Do you know how many fools have tried to vanquish my brother ?
 If you stand against him , he will kill you , and it will be awful and bloody , and I will not stand around and watch .
 You forget I have a secret weapon ...
 Davina , the most powerful witch in the last couple centuries .
 What if she can find a way to kill him ?

 You don 't know , do you ?
 You can 't kill Klaus , not without dying yourself .
 We learned it from the deaths of my brothers Kol and Finn .
 If an Original dies , every vampire ever made from their line dies with him .
 Even if you kill Klaus , he 'll still win .
 It 's been that way for 1, 000 years .
 That 's his trick .
 He always wins . There 's another way .
 What would that be ?
 We bury him down here forever .
 Are you mad ?
 This little chamber of horrors may work for your riffraff , but do you really think it will hold my brother ?
 Isn 't it worth the risk ?
 You know I 'm right .
 Klaus will never stop trying to control you .
 And I 'm supposed to believe that after a century , suddenly you 're willing to risk death at his hands to be with me ?
 I want to defend my home .
 I want to be free , and if that means
 I get to be with you , all the more reason to bury him .
 Now you tell me , what do you want ?


 There you are .
 I see you found our wandering stray .
 Perhaps she could shed some light on the situation .
 This ...
 Would appear to be the body of a hybrid .
 His name was Dwayne .
 Well , whoever he was , I didn 't sire him .
 Any idea how that 's possible ?
 As if you didn 't know . Ah ...
 Aren 't you two fast friends ?
 Well , come on , then . What horrible accusation have you conspired to Levy against me ?
 Tyler Lockwood brought Hayley here to test a theory , that the blood of her child could be used to sire hybrids .
 He claims you knew that .
 Furthermore , you intended to use this knowledge to build an army .
 And , of course , you assume it 's true .
 I mean , why else would I show any interest in my own flesh and blood ?
 A heartbroken , little crybaby points his finger at me , and my own brother falls in line , eager to believe it .
 How quickly you assume the worst , especially when it comes from her .
 Oh , spare me you indignation .
 When have you ever demonstrated any kind of concern towards Hayley or her child beyond your own selfish pursuits , and what was it you once said to me ?
 " Every King needs an heir . "
 My big brother , so you doubt my intentions .
 Well , I can 't say I 'm surprised .
 Standing beside the noble Elijah , how can I be anything but the lesser brother ... a liar , a manipulator , a bastard ?
 That 's all I am to you , isn 't it , and to Rebekah , and judging by the way Hayley hangs on your every word , it 's clear she feels the same way .

 No doubt , my child will , as well .
 Brother , if I ... we 've said all that needs to be said , brother .

 I 'll play the role I 've been given .
 Agh !
 Klaus !
 Oh ... You two enjoy each other 's company .
 You 'll have much to bond over once the hallucinations and dementia set in .
 Consider that bite my parting gift to you both .

 Oh ...
 That 's it .
 You 're free .
 Uh ...
 You 're right .
 I can feel it . Before , I was always thinking about what Klaus would want me to do .
 Now I 'm like , " screw that guy . "
 Ha !
 Ha ha ha !
 Klaus Mikaelson can suck it .
 Ha !


 What ?
 What 's that look for ?
 Marcel wants me to make you forget about me .
 Oh , well , you don 't have to do that .
 I owe you my life .
 I 'll keep your secret .
 Besides , it 's kind of nice just talking to someone normal again .
 You think I 'm normal ?
 I 'm a 16- year- old witch living in a church attic
 like some kind of freak .
 I 'm a gay club kid who died and came back as a vampire .
 Ha ha !
 Yeah .
 Normal is kind of relative , you know ?
 Here .
 Pinky swear on it .

 You don 't have to help .
 I can dig through the werewolf antique show on my own .
 Besides , shouldn 't you put some kind of ointment or something on that ?
 The bite won 't kill me .
 Like Niklaus himself , it 's more of a nuisance than anything , really .
 Good , because I 'm eventually gonna need a ride home ...
 And thanks , by the way , for staying out here .
 You didn 't have to .
 I know , but you said the people of this village are all of the family you have left .
 I can relate .
 You 're thinking about Klaus .
 Perhaps I was too willing to condemn him .
 In the 1, 000 years that we have been together , my brother has committed numerous unspeakable acts , but , then again , so has Rebekah .

 So have I.
 So did I the last time I was in Cabo .
 We all do bad things .
 It 's just , most people die before the list gets embarrassing , but don 't for a second compare yourself to Klaus .

 Heh .
 It 's like a freaking hotbox in here .
 I 'm gonna get some air .


 Someone left this here .
 What is it ?
 A Bible with a family tree that goes back generations .
 What are these names ?
 Who is Andrea ?

 I think I am .
 That 's the day that I was born .


 I thought you were leaving us .
 We both know this family can barely function without me .
 Where are Elijah and Hayley ?
 I left them in the bayou .
 Why ? Elijah and I had a bit of a row .
 Ha ha ha !
 Hayley has conspired to turn him against me , and you know our brother never was one to resist a pretty face .
 So one thing led to another , and I bit him ,
 left them both stranded in the swamp .
 Daggering , biting , deserting .
 Does your wickedness ever end ?
 My wickedness is self- preservation , and I wouldn 't have to go to such lengths were I not beset on all sides by incompetence and treachery .
 Now that Elijah has abandoned me ,
 I 'll be needing you in my plot against Marcel .

 Don 't expect to be leaving town any time soon .
 Why should I help you after what you did to Elijah ?

 You 're my family .
 Besides , who better to spy on Marcel than the girl he so clearly loves ?
 You can tell me all his secrets ,
 like how did he find us here , huh ?
 Any idea about that , little sister ?
 How should I know why Marcel does what he does ?
 You think I don 't know about your engineered run- ins all over the quarter ?
 I know you 've had private chats with him .
 So just tell me what secrets he 's confided to you .
 Is he plotting against me ?

 My poor brother , so paranoid .
 Marcel knows nothing .
 He is not plotting against you .
 He simply thinks you 're in a quarrel , in need of making up .
 Perhaps we will .
 After all , you know I 'm capable of forgiving those who disappoint me soon as they 've seen the errof their ways and suffered for them .
 You 'd do well to remember that .
 You never let me forget .


 You want to make a deal with me , you got to offer me something .
 I already know about Hayley the werewolf girl .
 What else you got ?
 What if I told you that werewolf girl is carrying Klaus ' child ...

 And if that baby is born , it 'll mean the end of the vampire species ?
