 Previously on " The Originals " ...
 Klaus : This town was my home once . I want it back .
 - You mean , you don 't recognize me ? - It 's been a long time , Finn .
 - I 'm Kaleb . - Davina .
 - Esther . - I have come to heal our family .
 What could possibly be more important than the return of our mother ?
 Our father . I saw him .
 He was enslaved with some spell cast by Davina .
 Aah !
 Release me .
 [ Kaleb chanting ]
 Let 's finish this .
 Aagh !
 Perhaps your next body will last a little longer than this one , brother .
 Elijah :
 Ugh ...
 Ohh ...
 What do you want ?
 I only want us to be a family , Elijah .
 [ Hayley panting ]
 [ Hayley whimpers ]
 Uh ! No .
 No !
 Agh !
 [ Panting ]
 Lenore : Have you forgotten where you are , son ?
 Save your strength .
 My chains don 't break so easily .
 Having sweet dreams ?
 Get out of my head .
 I 'm not in your head , dear .
 You were screaming .
 Go ahead . Get your bearings .
 We have much to discuss .

 who were you dreaming about ripping apart when you woke earlier ?
 Was it your new little plaything Hayley , or was it someone else ?
 Stop fighting , Elijah .
 I brought you here to listen , and you 're not going anywhere until I 've said my piece .
 So speak .
 I want you to rejoin our family but as a witch .
 I want you to leave behind the grotesque savage vampirism has made of you .
 Take the body of a mortal , and we can all be happy again , start over .
 You do know you 're entirely demented , don 't you ?
 Am I ?
 I 'm not the one who pulls the wings off every beautiful butterfly that he finds ,
 like the woman who flits across the edge of your nightmares .
 You let me go now .
 How quickly you slip back into your more savage self .
 The moral son I raised is now but a mask worn to hide ancient demons .
 You know nothing .
 See , that 's where you 're wrong .
 I know more about the secrets you carry than you do .
 Shall I list them ?
 I can begin with the first little butterfly you destroyed , the sweet young widow from our village who caught your eye when you were still human .
 Ah , you remember her . Of course .
 How could you forget the first girl to ever steal your heart , she of mystical blood , the doppelganger Tatia ?
 I did nothing but love that woman till the day you took her life .
 I know that 's what you believe , which is precisely why you are here .
 I need to show you the monster you really are .
 When I do , you will beg for salvation , and happily , I shall provide it .
 [ Music playing ]
 Lenore , voice- over :
 It was Samhain , when we danced and killed the best of our livestock to appease the gods for a new season .
 All women envied her .
 All men wanted her , but she only had eyes for one .
 Do not tell me you came to save loki the pig from his fate .
 Tatia :
 No . I 'm afraid loki the pig is fated to be food ...
 Just as you are fated to love another .
 And you fated to watch from the shadows , the noble martyr ?
 Fate does not dictate my heart , Elijah .
 I was fated to throw myself on a pyre after my husband died in battle , but I did not .
 I chose to live , and I chose to give my heart once more to someone strong , protective , fierce , and yet noble and gentle .
 I choose you , Elijah ...
 And you choose to have our first kiss where your mother slaughters the pigs .
 Not very romant ...
 Perhaps we should set loki the pig free .
 Seems one 's fate can change after all .
 But that was just the beginning , a brief moment of happiness .
 That is how it always begins .
 A butterfly lands upon your finger unaware that it will lead to her tragic end .
 Her tragic end came when you drained her body of blood ...
 All for a spell to smother the wolf within Niklaus , as memory serves .
 Actually , Elijah , your memory doesn 't serve you at all .
 You just don 't realize it yet , but by the time we are done here ...
 You will .
 We should get her to a hospital .
 Oh , hello , darling .
 Back to huff and puff and blow the house down ?
 You know , it 's funny how often a person 's sharp tongue can end up cutting their own throat .
 Klaus , he 's just a kid . Give him a break .
 Kaleb : Yeah . She 's right .
 You might want to try a bit of lavender under your pillow .
 Does wonders for stuck- up pillocks with anger issues .
 Hey , shut it .
 I promised not to kill Davina .
 I said nothing of this insolent sod .
 Klaus , come on .
 A minute ago , you had the opportunity to kill your father with this thing , and you didn 't .
 You 're not gonna kill this kid with it either .
 Fine . Thank you .
 Go get the car .
 Let 's take her to the hospital .
 You 've got a way with words .
 Well , I 've traveled .
 You seem to have crossed continents in order to weasel your way into Davina 's good graces , thereby meddling in my family business .
 Strange , isn 't it , unless , of course , it 's your family business .
 Ever since my dinner with my mother and Finn ,
 I 've been wondering when you might make an appearance , Kol .
 [ Chuckles ]
 Well , the jig is up . Hello , brother .
 It 's not that I begrudge you hitching a ride back to the land of the living .
 It 's just that you 're making all the wrong friends , brother , and I have half a mind to show you how wrong you are .
 But you 're not gonna do that , are you , because your little , blonde friend told you to leave me alone .
 I 'm curious .
 Does she take one of those little plastic baggies out when she takes you for a walk ?
 Cami , I 've changed my mind .
 I am gonna kill him , after all .
 Cami ...
 Elijah , where are you ?
 Mikael is loose with the stake , and Cami is a hostage , and I 'm weaponless and in need of reinforcement urgently .
 Wake her up .
 Tell her to get Mikael back here now .
 Let me think about that .
 No , but you should probably get going , Nik .
 Mikael is probably jonesing for a restorative snack about now .
 Be a shame for you to find ...
 Cami , is it ? ...
 Nothing more than a bloodless husk .
 We 're not done , you and I.
 It 'd be really useful if you woke up about now .
 I 've kicked a few familial hornets nests .
 We really need to scarper .
 [ Cell phone rings ]
 [ Ring ]
 [ Beep ]
 [ Ring ]
 [ Ring ]
 [ Beep ]
 Did you have to do that ?
 I despise voice mail .
 Do you have the white oak stake ?
 Hit a bit of a snag , truthfully .
 Is that what you would like for me to pass along ?
 Tell her that I 've got everything under control .
 I 'm keeping an eye on Davina .
 She 's working on a spell to unlink her mates from Klaus ' sire lines so that she can kill him without them dying , too .
 I 'm sure the stake will come back into play when she 's ready .
 How close is she to completing the spell ?
 Well , she 's joined mother 's linking and sire bond spells in reverse .
 Quite clever , really .
 Huh . What 's she using as a binder ?
 I 'm not sure .
 Still trying to work that one out .
 Work harder .
 Mother needs Klaus alive and connected .
 So may I suggest that if you can 't find that stake , you either kill the girl 's spell or you kill that girl .
 Klaus will find you .
 Oh , he will , but I will be ready .
 How ? I 've seen the kind of pain that blade causes .
 I have fought through more pain than anyone living or dead , but once I feed , I shall be restored .
 Not on you .
 You , my dear , are leverage .
 Once I threaten to dismember you in front of him , Klaus will hesitate , and in that moment of weakness , I shall end him .
 This is crazy , the two of you going round and round trying to kill each other .
 You 're obsessing over the death of someone whose fatal flaw is he was fathered by another guy .
 Hush !
 You are the enabler of the weak .
 No wonder he seeks your company .
 What ?
 I hear music , and where there 's music , there 's food .
 [ Music playing ]
 Aah ...
 Well , well , well , well . What have we here ?
 Hillbilly Halloween . How perfect .
 [ Creak ]
 Used kandahar root as a binder .
 Where 'd you find that ?
 [ Speaking ]
 Oh ...
 What happened ?
 Davina , you 're awake .
 I was starting to freak out . You ok ?
 My head .
 Klaus ?
 Angry bloke with the deadly aim ? Yeah .
 He smashed the place up , and then he left .
 Where 'd he go ?
 To hunt down your pet serial killer friend .
 Not to be Mr. judgmental here , but I 'm starting to question the company that you keep .
 Listen .
 The white oak stake ?
 It 's gone , I 'm afraid .
 The serial killer one took it .
 Mikael ? Mikael . Mikael .
 Why isn 't this working ?
 Sit ... sit down , all right ?
 You were out for quite a long time .
 Maybe that 's got something to do with it .
 Here . Have some water . No .
 You don 't understand .
 If Mikael is free , he can kill Klaus , and then my friends die , too .
 Well , if I understand all this , Mikael has been trying to kill Klaus for eons .
 How are you gonna stop him ?
 I 'm not .
 I need to finish my spell now .
 [ Hayley clears throat ]
 So those werewolf kids you helped get out of the quarter made it to the safe house up north .
 Great . My good deed for the decade .
 No . I 'm good .
 Maybe the vampires and us free wolves can work together , after all .
 The enemy of my enemy is my friend .
 Anyway , thanks for helping .
 Mm . Don 't thank me . Thank Elijah .
 I would 've , but I can 't get a hold of him .
 I went to the compound thinking he 'd be there .
 Really ? I thought you always had tabs on him .
 We haven 't really been on the best terms lately .
 He wouldn 't just disappear , though .
 Last I knew , he was gonna keep the wolves distracted .
 Your boy Oliver was gonna help him .
 I couldn 't track down Oliver either .
 If they 're both missing ...
 Where are you going ?
 To find them .
 Not on your own , you 're not .
 Lenore : You 're hungry , aren 't you ?
 It 's been hours since you fed .
 What an awful thing , to feed upon the blood of others .
 For this I blame myself and your father .
 We tried to make you children strong , but instead we cursed you all .
 [ Birds calling ]
 Brother ?
 What am I ?
 How many ... ?
 Six .
 You slaughtered 6 villagers , brother .
 You tore them apart as if they were nothing at all .
 [ Stammers ]
 Brother ...
 What have I become ?
 You seem like the wolves in the village .
 Cursed to turn when the moon is full .
 Listen to me .
 Father is beside himself with rage .
 It seems this ...
 Affliction can only be passed by some kind of conception .
 And do our siblings share this affliction ?
 Do you ... Share this affliction ?
 No ...
 I don 't .
 He is not my father , is he ?
 You listen to me .
 This changes nothing for any of us .
 We are here for you as we shall be always , mm- hmm ?
 Tatia . Tatia !
 I fail to see your point here .
 I compelled Tatia to forget what she saw , and she did .
 You 'd only been a vampire for a few days .
 You hadn 't yet learned compulsion .
 No ...
 I remember that clearly .
 Do you ?
 You still thought there were lines you wouldn 't cross , people you wouldn 't hurt , things you wouldn 't do .
 But you were wrong .
 That is what I 'm here to show you .
 [ Rapid footsteps ]
 Elijah : Tatia !
 Tatia ! Tatia !
 Wait ! Wait .
 Stay away from me .
 I won 't hurt you .
 What have you become ?
 I am who I 've always been .
 I 'm the one who loves you .
 Lenore : You knew how special she was .
 I always thought you would protect her , that she would be your wife , that one day I might call her daughter .
 Instead ...
 I didn 't hurt her .
 You 've taught yourself to hide from who and what you are for thousands of years .
 No .
 I did not hurt Tatia .
 I could not .
 But you did .
 Your mother asked for my blood .
 She said nothing of the dark magic that would turn you into a monster .
 Look at me .
 I am not a monst ...
 Tatia .

 Oh , my beautiful boy , no more hiding .
 It is time now for you to remember it all .
 Tatia : No ! No !
 I said I wouldn 't hunt you .
 And I don 't want t ...
 Elijah .
 Run .
 You didn 't want to hurt her .
 You loved her .
 No ! Ugh !
 But you couldn 't fight what you had become , what I had turned you into ...
 Lenore :
 [ Tatia gasping ]
 A predator ...
 And she became your prey .
 This was you .
 You murdered her for her blood ...
 And then used it to cripple Klaus for centuries .
 I won 't listen to another word .
 You don 't have to listen , son .
 All you have to do is remember .
 Did you honestly think to hold me with a blade forged for pain ?
 Unlike the weak , unlike you , I gain strength from pain .
 Soon you will know the taste of white oak as it pierces your heart .
 Very clever , Mikael .
 Compelling the locals to say to my face what you dare not .
 Enjoy the theatrics .
 They only delay the inevitable .
 [ Yells ]
 Well , perhaps we should hold off on this .
 No . I hai everything I need .
 Combine a knotting spell with a sire bond spell .
 I just have to combine them the right way .
 Then do them in reverse .
 That 's pretty advanced for a wee girl like you .
 I can give you a list of people who have underestimated me .
 Not one of them has done it a second time .
 Well , perhaps I should help you .
 I 'm pretty good at stuff like this .
 I don 't think so .
 It 's not just saying spells backwards .
 It 's changing the verb tense into ...
 Nemo unus animabus carnem et sanguinem de ista duo .
 Like I said , I 'm pretty .
 It 's never paid to underestimate me either .
 Ok . Let 's do this .
 Cami :
 I used to try to convince Klaus that there was good in everyone , that you really did care about him ...
 Deep inside once .
 He told me I was naive , that I could never fathom how deep your hatred ran .
 I didn 't always hate him .
 When Niklaus was born , I was overjoyed .
 I thought , this one ...
 This one has the eyes of a warrior .
 He will be worthy .
 But my hope was short- lived .
 And when I found out that he wasn 't really my son , my relief was glorious !
 But that passed with the knowledge that he was begat of a beast .
 His mother 's infidelity was not his fault .
 Everything that followed was because of Niklaus ' obsession with the wolves .
 He ventured out to watch them turn under the full moon , and he took my youngest son , Heinrich .
 He was but a child .
 And he was torn apart .
 An accident .
 An accident ? ! He murdered my wife !
 His own mother who sought to cleanse him of his beast- like nature .
 He betrayed me .
 He turned my entire family against me .
 And yet you defend him .
 I have desperately tried to convince him not to kill you , that the bloodshed in your family does not have to be an endless cycle .
 And after centuries on this earth , do you really not see that all of your violence is pointless ?
 [ Laughing ]
 Let me hazard a guess .
 You are one of these alienists , right ?
 We 're called therapists these days .
 And to be honest , you could do with some couch time .
 Actually , my dear , since my wound does not appear to be healing , what I could do with right now is some food .
 You ... you said you wouldn 't .
 Yes , I did , didn 't I ?
 And all of the blood of a fawn barely makes for good fodder .
 In times of need , even the devil eats flies .
 [ Screaming ]
 Oh .
 [ Yells , groans ]
 [ Cell phone rings ]
 [ Ring ]
 I 'm a tad busy . What is it , Hayley ?
 Something has happened to Elijah .
 He was supposed to be our decoy last night , and now he 's vanished .
 There 's blood everywhere ...
 Werewolf and vampire .
 There is a trail .
 I need you to help us track it .
 Well , as much as I might like to help you find my brother , I have more pressing matters at the moment .
 What 's more important than your own brother ...
 My life .
 Davina had Mikael on a magical leash .
 And it broke .
 Now Mikael has Tunde 's blade , the white oak stake , and Cami .
 I 'm going to get her back .
 And then I 'm going to end this .
 Either Mikael or I will be ash by night 's end .
 And if you do find my brother , please tell him I could do with a hand .
 [ Neck snaps ]
 Both : Sanquinatum venetus barkael meh .
 Sanquinatum venetus barkael meh .
 Sanquinatum venetus barkael meh .
 Stop ! Stop . This isn 't working .
 Well , maybe you 're just doing it wrong .
 No . We have to get this right .
 Josh , Marcel , their lives depend on it .
 Look , just stop chanting .
 I 'll chant and channel your power .
 Release me !
 [ Kaleb chanting ]
 I 've been wondering when you might make an appearance , Kol .
 You 're one of them .
 You liar !
 [ Gasps ]
 That hurt .
 Ok , ok , ok , ok .
 You ruined a spell .
 And now my friends are gonna die because of you .
 My mother said , kill the spell or kill her .
 And I happen to like you .
 Oh , please .
 Listen , you don 't disobey mother dearest without some consequences .
 Yes , she brought me back to life .
 But she 's mad as a hatter .
 And that man you 've made your pet , my father , well , he 's more of a lunatic than she is .
 What , so you just unleash him ?
 You 're the one who brought him back to life first .
 I had him under control .
 Yeah , right up until the point you didn 't , which is when he threatened me .
 He wanted freedom , so I freed him .
 You want to know my secrets ?
 Then here you go . Go on . Have at it .
 Yes , I 'm a Mikaelson .
 But I 've got just as much reason to loathe the lot of them as you do .
 You deactivated my bracelet . How ?
 It 's a dark object .
 I know a little something about creating and destroying them .
 Show me .
 All right .
 You 're distorting my memories .
 It was you who killed Tatia .
 Oh .
 I used her blood to bind the spell that suppressed Niklaus ' werewolf aspect .
 But by the time you brought her to me , she was already dead .
 You can 't rewrite history .
 No . I cannot .
 And I did not ...
 Not until I had your consent .
 When you became yourself again , you brought her to me but too late .
 Lenore :
 I told you that you were a good son , to let me take care of it , that I could help make it all go away .
 And then I said to you , " you will not suffer
 " from this memory or be tormented from the guilt
 " of your misdeed .
 " What goes behind that door shall stay there and be forgotten . "
 I told you to clean yourself up , that if you were clean , no one would know what you are or what you 'd done .
 And you did exactly that ...
 And more .
 You created a place in your mind to put your victims .
 You began to believe that as long as your suit was immaculate and your hands clean , you could look in the mirror and tell yourself it 's all ok .
 No one need know what 's behind that red door .
 [ Screams ]
 But a thousand years is a long time , Elijah .
 And a place meant to hold one unforgivable sin is now full to bursting with your most monstrous deeds .
 Stop !
 How long before it 's your beloved Hayley 's corpse behind that door ?
 Stop .
 You must be afraid that loving you will destroy her , as it destroyed Celeste , Tatia .
 Take my offer ...
 The both of you .
 In new bodies , you 'll be alive again .
 You could give her a child to replace the one she lost .
 You will not break me .
 Oh , you are already broken , my dear boy , but not beyond repair .
 I am here to fix you .
 I am here to fix you all .
 Bleeding power from a dark object is tricky , so it does help to know what kind of object it is .
 The white oak stake .
 You want to drain the white oak stake , do you ?
 It 's a dark object .
 If I can 't stop Mikael , I have to stop that stake from working .
 See , usually I like a girl with ambition , but this is just beyond mad .
 Just show me the spell , Kaleb ... Kol ...
 Or whatever your name is .
 The problem 's not the spell , love .
 The problem 's the white oak stake .
 It 's too powerful .
 We can 't just drain it .
 The best you can hope for is to disable it , but just for a bit .
 So do you have a better solution ?
 Because I don 't have time to argue .
 So show me the spell and hand me the keys .
 Oh , what are you gonna do ?
 You just gonna drive around till you bump into them ?
 You may have messed with my bracelet , but I made sure months ago that I would always be able to find Mikael .
 All right . Fine . Your funeral .
 I 'm still not going to allow you to drive me bloody car , though .
 You 're gonna pay for hurting her .
 Oh , that 's sweet .
 The cur whines for its bitch .
 I 'll make sure to drain the rest of her right in front of your eyes just before you burn .
 Davina , wait . We need to do this together .
 I 'm strong enough on my own .
 No , you 're not .
 Listen , I know you don 't trust me ...
 And that 's fair enough ...
 But these are your mates that we 're trying to save here .
 The only way that we can do this is if we work together .
 You need to trust me , all right ?
 Take my hands .
 Take my power . Channel me .
 [ Mikael grunting ]
 Klaus : I 'm not as weak as you remember , am I ?
 [ Screaming ]
 [ Chanting ]
 Cami : No !
 Aah !
 [ Klaus screaming ]
 [ Chanting continues ]
 Why aren 't you burning ? !
 If you were dead , you would burn .
 Burn !
 Kaleb , I can 't hold it .
 Just trust me .
 [ Both continue chanting ]
 Is this your doing , little witch ?
 Then you will undo it .
 Return the power to the stake .
 [ Cami breathing heavily ]
 [ Screaming ]
 Klaus ?
 Mikael : What do you think you 're doing ?
 Stay the hell away from us .
 Or , I swear to God , I 'll kill you myself .
 You have a warrior 's heart .
 Perhaps I 'll keep it as a souvenir .
 Now enough !
 This night has been a long parade of fools .
 I 'll enjoy killing every last one of you .
 I wouldn 't bet on it .
 It 's over , Mikael . You 're outnumbered .
 Are you going to beg for your miserable life ?
 [ Chuckles ]
 You think having people makes you strong ?
 It proves how weak you are .
 Come find me when you don 't have fools , women , and children fighting your battles .
 Are you ok ?
 Ah , a bit lightheaded .
 It might have something to do with being knocked arse over teacup by dear old dad .
 You are lucky to be alive , young lady .
 You want to tell me what the hell you were thinking ?
 Can we not do this right now ?
 Am I gonna embarrass you in front of your friend ?
 Who the hell is this guy anyway ?
 Haven 't we got to stop meeting like this , pal ?
 Davina : He 's my friend . And he 's helping me .
 Help you do what , wage war on Klaus and help me get killed in the process ?
 I just saved Klaus ' life trying to protect you .
 Yeah , from a psycho vampire hunter that you brought back to life .
 Kaleb : All right . Enough !
 Well , I think it 's enough .
 Well , it should be enough .
 I mean , we 're all friends here , aren 't we ?
 Just stay here till I get back .
 I 'll handle Klaus .
 We should get out of here . Trust me .
 My brother 's not the forgiving kind .
 Even if you did help out back there , his hatred of betrayal far outweighs his sense of gratitude .
 I 'm not afraid of him .
 You out to get yourself killed ?
 I 'm out to get even with Klaus .
 And you 're gonna help me .
 But , first , you 're right .
 Let 's get out of here .
 You pulled the stake out in the Nick of time .
 A moment longer , and I would have been done for .
 It 's the least I could do for telling you not to kill that bastard the first chance you had .
 Well , he hurt you .
 For that alone , I would kill him .
 You know , in a thousand years ,
 I think it 's the first time I 've seen him run .
 You 're still weak .
 Hayley : And he knew he was outmatched .
 We checked the perimeter , and he 's definitely gone .
 I appreciate your assistance .
 Well , hey . You die , I die . Just call me selfish .
 Yeah . You die , a lot of people die .
 But , Klaus , we have another problem .
 [ Music playing ]
 No more .
 I 'm afraid we 've just begun .
 You will hang here remembering .
 Every atrocity you 've hidden behind that door will emerge to haunt you .
 And as you grow weaker , you will be ripped of your strength , your will , your hope .
 And as you rot here alone , you will reconsider my offer ...
 A new life , a way to be freed of your demons , a chance at peace .
 Hayley : Oh . That 's about enough of that , don 't you think ?
 I would have ripped her heart out , but she would have just body- jumped me .
 How do I get these off ?
 The doll . There . Break it .
 She 's using it to bind me .
 You need to feed .
 I can 't .
 You 're weak .
 I can 't .
 I crave you .
 My hunger , it could overwhelm me .
 Look ...
 I 'm not afraid .
 What did you do to him ?
 I let him dream .
 That 's considerate of you .
 I cannot lead him out of darkness by simply exposing him to the horrors of his past .
 I have to let him bask in his own version of a better world to come .
 And by the time he wakes , he will know the only way to find peace , is my way .
