 Worst . renaissance . fair . ever .



 Please let it go , sheldon .
 It was rife with historical inaccuracies .
 For example , the tavern girl serving flagons of mead .
 Her costume was obviously germanic .
 But in 1487 , the bavarian purity laws , Or " reinheitsgebot , "
 Severely limited the availability of mead .
 At best , they would have had some sort of spiced wine .
 You 're nitpicking .
 Oh , really ?
 Well here is another nit for you . The flagons Would not have been made of polypropylene .
 Renaissance fairs aren 't about historical accuracy .
 They 're about taking chubby girls who work at kinko 's
 And lacing them up in corsets so tight Their bosom jumps out and says , " howdy . "
 Bosoms would not have said " howdy " in the 15th century .
 If anything , they would 've said , " huzzah . "
 I don 't care what the bosoms say , sheldon .
 I just want to be part of the conversation .
 Hi , guys .
 Looks like you 've been to the renaissance fair ...
 I 'm hoping .
 Renaissance fair ?
 More of a medieval , slash , age of enlightenment , Slash , any- excuse - to- wear- a- codpiece fair .

 Okay , fine , whatever .
 You guys , this is my friend eric .

 So , yeah , good to see you .


 It 's good to see you , too .
 We should probably go .
 Bye , guys .
 I like your hat .
 Thanks , my mom made it .
 Penny with a new guy , tres awkward .
 It wasn 't awkward .
 It wasn 't fun .
 Besides , what 's the big deal ?
 We dated , we stopped dating , and now we 're both moving on .
 By moving on ,
 Do you mean she 's going out with other men
 And you spent the afternoon Making 15th- century soap with wolowitz ?
 That was not 15th century soap .
 My god , those people need to learn
 You can 't just put " ye olde " in front of anything you want And expect to get away with it .
 Can we please just go in ?
 My chain mail 's stuck in my underwear .
 You 're wearing modern underwear ?
 Relatively modern .
 Why , what are you wearing ?
 I fashioned historically accurate undergarments Out of linen .
 You went out and bought linen ?
 Don 't be silly -- I borrowed one of your pillowcases .
 Borrowed ?


 You know what, I 'm happy that Penny 's moving on . It gives me the freedom to move on myself .
 Are you saying that you 've been holding back ?
 Of course .
 Out of respect .
 So , how do you explain the ten years before penny ?
 Who were you respecting then ?
 Well , I 've dated plenty of women .
 There was joyce kim ...
 Leslie winkle ...
 Notify the editors of the oxford english dictionary .
 The word " plenty " has been redefined to mean " two . "
 What about that girl last year at comic- con ?
 Doesn 't count .
 Why not ?
 What happens in costume at comic- con Stays at comic- con .
 You 're only saying that Because of what happened to you .
 What happened to you ?
 Nothing happened to me .
 It wasn 't your fault , raj .
 He was dressed as a green orion slave girl .
 How did we get on me ? !
 We were mocking leonard for not moving on .
 Dude , you have totally not moved on .
 Yes , I have .
 It 's just a matter of actually making A date with someone . like who ?
 Well ... there 's joyce kim .
 But she defected back to north korea , So that 's a little geographically undesirable .
 What about leslie winkle ?
 Oh , no . why ?
 Her research methodology is sloppy , She 's unjustifiably arrogant about loop quantum gravity ,
 And to make matters worse , she 's often mean to me .
 I think she 's smoking hot .
 I 'd hit that .
 You 'd hit particulate soil In a colloidal suspension .
 Mud .
 Look , I like leslie , but she 's not interested In dating as much as using men as tools for stress release .
 Yeah , so ? be a tool .
 Go get yourself a little rebound " stress release . "
 Technically , it would only be rebound if he and penny Had actually engaged in physical intimacy .
 You mean like you and richard the slave girl ?
 I bought him dinner and we kissed once !
 That was it .
 And he told me his name was kimberly .
 You know how I know we 're not in the matrix ?
 How ?
 If we were , the food would be better .
 Hey , Leonard .
 Hey , Leslie .
 Hey , dummy .
 Hello , to you ...
 Insufficiently intelligent person .
 Ooh , rush me to the burn unit .
 Hey , Leonard , do you have a second ?
 - I need to ask you something . - sure .
 Well , if you 'll excuse me , I 'm going to go do work that promises
 Significant results , as opposed to what you do ...
 Which does not .
 Yeah , you heard me .
 So , I heard your relationship with Penny crashed to the ground
 Like blue ice falling out of an airplane lavatory .
 Where did you hear that ?
 Actually , I read it .
 Wolowitz texted me .
 " like blue ice falling out of an airplane lavatory , " yeah .
 I thought it was a pretty good one .
 I gave him an lol .
 Anyway , it got me thinking .
 Now that you 're unattached , Maybe we can revisit our previous attachment .
 Are you suggesting another bout of stress release ?
 No , I 'm all done with casual sex .
 From now on , I 'm fully committed To the traditional relationship paradigm .
 Really ? what changed ?
 It 's hard to say .
 I guess there 's just a time in every woman 's life
 When she gets tired of waking up on a strange futon With a bunch of people she doesn 't know .
 Yeah , I can see how that would -- a bunch of people ?
 Anyway , I figure it 's time to slow things down
 And who better to slow things down with than you ?
 Oh ... I 'm flattered .
 So how do you suggest we proceed ?
 Your place , we 'll order chinese , you 'll rent a movie --
 Artsy , but accessible -- then light petting , no coitus .
 Sounds fun .
 I 'll leave the details up to you .
 I think it 's better if you assume the male role .
 Thank you , that 's very thoughtful .
 Great .
 Call me .
 Great news .
 My mom sent me my old nintendo 64 .
 - Terrific - you know what this means , don 't you ?
 Break out the red bull , It 's time to rock mario , old school .
 I kind of have other plans tonight .
 But it 's friday .
 Friday 's always vintage game night .
 Look , mom included the memory card .
 We can pick up right where I left off in 1999 When I had pernicious anemia .
 Well , the thing is , someone 's coming over .
 Okay , no problem .
 I have three controllers .
 The more the merrier .
 Sheldon , it 's a date .
 I have a date coming over .
 Well , you can 't blame me for not jumping to that conclusion .
 Why ? what 's so unusual about me having a date ?
 Well , statistically speaking ...
 All right , all right .
 Well , nevertheles , I have one now And I 'd appreciate it if you would , you know , Make yourself scarce .
 Leonard , I 'm a published theoretical physicist
 With two doctorates and an iq Which can 't be accurely measured by normal tests .
 How much scarcer could I be ?
 You know what I mean .
 Could you just give us a little privacy ?
 - You want me to leave the apartment ? - yes .
 You mean , just go someplace else and be ...
 Someplace else ?
 Yes .
 Well , why should I leave ? this is my apartment , too .
 I know it is , and if science ever discovers a second member
 Of your species and you two would like some privacy , I 'd be more than happy to get out of your way .
 Well , all right then .
 Sheldon , what are you doing ?
 Playing super mario on a poorly coded Nintendo 64 emulator .
 Yeah , but why are you doing it on the stairs ?
 I am a modern day napoleon Exiled to the elba of the staircase
 Because Leonard , get this , has a date .
 Oh . oh , well , good for him .
 Yeah , but why are you sitting here ?
 Why don 't you just go to a movie or something ?
 Alone ?
 Yeah , why not ?
 What if I choke on my popcorn ?
 Who will administer the heimlich maneuver ?
 Well , then don 't order popcorn .
 No popcorn at the mov ... listen to yourself .
 Why don 't you go to a coffee shop ?
 I don 't drink coffee .
 They have other things .
 What do they have ?
 I don 't know . you know , cookies , pastries ...
 - Pastries such as bear claws ?
 - Yeah , sure .
 I don 't like bear claws .
 Hey , penny .
 Dumbass .
 Leslie winkle .
 Of all the overrated physicists In all the labs in all the world ,
 Why does it have to be leslie winkle ?
 Well , they have a lot in common .
 I mean , they 're both scientists .
 Oh , please . the only way she could make
 A contribution to science would be If they resumed sending chimps into space .
 Okay , well , I have a date , too , So I 'll see ya .
 Everybody has a date .
 Even you , mario , going after princess peach .
 And what am I doing ?
 I 'm just enabling you .

 Yeah , it 's from chang 's .
 Not chow 's ? no , chang 's .
 What happened to chow 's ?
 It changed .
 So , how many children do you think we should have ?
 I 'm sorry . that was a little abrupt .
 A little ? I mean , there are so many things to talk about
 Before we discuss reproduction .
 I sure hope so . Besides shortness , What genetic weaknesses run in your family ?
 Sorry to interrupt .
 Battery 's dying . continue .
 Uh , genetic weakness , right .
 Uh , there 's the lactose intolerance . Don 't forget the male- pattern baldness .
 When his uncles sit around the dinner table ,
 They look like a half carton of eggs .
 Okay , yeah , my uncles are bald , but my aunt edna
 Is one of the hairiest women you 'll ever meet , so ...
 Sweet lady .
 Always tickles when she hugs me .
 What now ?
 I have to make pee- pee .
 Listen , I 'm sorry about all of sheldon 's interruptions .
 He can be a bit of an eccentric . If by " eccentric " you mean passive- aggressive East texas blowhole , I agree .
 I think tonight was a very good start .
 Me , too . Are you sure you 're okay postponing intercourse Until our relationship is past the initial viability test ?
 No , problem .
 I 'm very skilled at postponing intercourse .
 I guess I 'll call you
 And we 'll arrange another evening . Yes , I believe protocol dictates that you wait a minimum
 Of 18 hours before you call So I 'm not repulsed by your cloying eagerness .

 Sure .
 Again , it 's your decision . you 're the man .
 It wasn 't my cat . It was an experiment
 Designed by this guy named schroedinger .

 From the charlie brown cartoons ?
 No , he was some kind of scientist .
 Let me start again .
 Oh , hey , leonard .
 Hello .
 Leslie .
 Hi .
 Okay , well , good night .
 Okay , well , good night .
 That ain 't gonna make your point .
 That 's enough .
 Call me .
 Right .
 Okay , good night .
 Uh , what ?
 Had a great time . ciao .
 I 'm sorry , I am not going back to the renaissance fair .
 Come on , sheldon . There 's so few places I can wear my jester costume .
 I don 't care . there are far too many historical anomalies
 For my comfort .
 Okay , how about this ? You can go dressed as a star trek science officer
 Exploring a planet similar to earth in the 1500s . You mean , like spock ?
 Sure .
 Fascinating .
 Hey , fellow scientists ...
 Sheldon .
 Why don 't we all move over there so leslie can join us ?
 Yeah , let 's do it .
 If you 're having trouble deciding where to sit ,
 May I suggest one potato , two potato ? Or as I call it , " the leslie winkle experimental methodology . "
 Don 't make this hard for me .
 It 's not hard .
 It 's simple . you can either sit with me ,
 Your friend , colleague and roommate Or you can sit with an overrated scientist
 You might have sex with . You 're right , it is simple .
 Hey , sheldon .
 Penny . Third floor tonight -- mixing it up ?
 I still don 't understand why
 You don 't just go to dinner or something . All right , Let 's say I go to dinner alone ,
 And during the meal , I have to use the restroom . How do I know someone 's not touching my food ?
 Good night , sheldon .
 Penny , hold on .
 Are you sure things can 't work out with you and leonard ?
 Excuse me ? I 'm just wondering
 If you really gave it the old college try . Or in your case , the old community college try .
 Okay , where is this coming from ?
 Leonard is upstairs right now with my archenemy .
 Your archenemy ?
 Yes , the dr . doom to my mr . fantastic .
 Dr. octopus to my spider- man ,
 The dr . sivana to my captain marvel .
 I get it , I get it , I get it . Do you know , it 's amazing how many supervillains
 Have advanced degrees .
 Graduate school should probably do a better job
 Of screening those people out .
 Sheldon , come back . you 're losing me .
 It 's leslie winkle , penny .
 She belittles my research . Oh , sweetie , I 'm sorry .
 She called me " dumbass . "
 I know .
 I heard . Given this situation , I have no choice
 But to withdraw my previous objections To your ill- considered relationship with leonard .
 Oh , gee , well , thank you for that .
 But I think for now ,
 Leonard and I are just gonna stay friends . No , that response is unacceptable to me .
 Sheldon , you are a smart guy .
 You must know ...
 I 'm " smart " ? I 'd have to lose 60 iq points to be classified as " smart . "
 Are you gonna let me talk ?
 I 'm sorry . You must know that if leonard and leslie want to be together , Nothing you can do is gonna stop it .
 You continue to underestimate my capabilities , madam .
 Okay , let me put it this way .
 If you 're really leonard 's friend , you will support him No matter who he wants to be with .
 Wait a minute .
 Why am I doing all the giving here ?
 If leonard 's really my friend , Why doesn 't he have to support me
 An my hatred of leslie winkle ?
 Because love trumps hate .
 Oh , now you 're just making stuff up .
 Okay , good night , sheldon .
 Oh , mario , if only I could control everyone
 The way I control you .
 Hop , you little plumber , hop , hop , hop .
 When the two of you reach a natural stopping point ,
 I 'd like to have a word . The word is " pee- pee . " just do it .
 Leonard , you 're my friend , And friends support their friends ...
 Apparently .
 So I 'm withdrawing my objection to your desire To have a relationship with leslie .
 Thank you .
 I will graciously Overlook the fact that she is an arrogant ,
 Subpar scientist who actually believes loop quantum gravity
 Better unites quantum mechanics with generally relativity Than does string theory .
 You kids have fun .
 Hang on a second .
 Loop quantum gravity clearly offers more testable predictions
 Than string theory .
 I 'm listening . amuse me .
 Okay , well , for one thing , we expect quantized space- time
 To manifest itself as minute differences
 In the speed of light for different colors .
 Balderdash . matter clearly consists of tiny strings .
 Are you gonna let him talk to me like that ?
 Okay , well , there is a lot of merit to both theories .
 No , there isn 't . only loop quantum gravity Calculates the entropy of black holes .

 Sheldon , don 't make that noise . it 's disrespectful .
 I should hope so .
 It was a snort of derision .
 You agree with me , right ? Loop quantum gravity is the future of physics .
 Sorry , leslie , I guess I prefer my space stringy , not loopy .
 I 'm glad I found out the truth about you
 Before this went any further .
 Truth ? what truth ?
 We 're talking about untested hypotheses .
 It 's no big deal .
 It isn 't ? really ?
 Tell me , leonard , how will we raise the children ?
 I ...
 I guess we wait until they 're old enough
 And let them choose their own theory .
 We can 't let them choose , leonard . they 're children !

 Wait . where are you going ?
 I 'm sorry .
 I could have accepted our kids being
 Genetically unable to eat ice cream Or ever get a good view of a parade .

 But this ? This is a deal breaker .
 - Look on the bright side .
 - What 's the bright side ?
 Only nine more months to comic- con .
 Oh , yeah .
 Captain , I 'm getting an unusual reading .
 Yeah , that 's great .
 You guys want a corn dog ? Yeah .
 That 's a temporal anomaly . Corn dog 's didn 't come into existence
 Till the first half of the 20th century .
