Know who is the bravest in the Marvel Comics universe?
The strong man who waxed the she-hulk
Speaking of the Mexican gardener who smuggled in from Captain America 's house
The guy who dared to go to the toilet behind the stone man is even fiercer
as always y 'all are wrong
The bravest man in the Marvel universe is the doctor who checked Wolverine 's prostate
What about the people who were 'taken' by Wolverine for prostate exams?
You are so funny
Wolverine has no interest in helping others prevent prostate cancer
Hello
yes the elevator is broken you have to take the stairs
Of course you can send
Pizza originated in the 16th century and the first elevator appeared in 1852
That means that in 300 years, the only way to deliver pizza was to take the stairs.
Carry on this great tradition
I 'll get Penny while he spit on our pizza
Isn 't Wolverine 's prostate made of Alderman?
what a silly question
We 're talking about poking a superhero 's ass
definitely not stupid
- who to find - oh
Is P enny there?
Are you Leonard?
Yes
Ah finally see you
Well someone can explain it
hey leonard you met my dad
Oh that 's fine
Understood
Come in and sit down
Oh dad Leonard is out of time
He just came to say hi
Thank you for coming my dear, see you soon
bye
Wei Lingfeng Soft Film and Television Forum honorary production is weird
* The singularity universe is extremely dense*
* Expanded 14 billion years ago and wait . . . *
*The surface gradually cools down and the creatures begin to multiply. Apes raise their axes and shovels*
* Humans contribute (build the pyramids) *
* Learn mathematics, physics and chemistry without fear of traveling all over the world *
*Life comes from the Big Bang!*
Season 4 Episode 09 Boyfriend Complexity
Timeline: Casper / Azersey 7 20p Timeline:
D ead Z ombie
Have you had enough comic books?
You 're going to monitor the telescope for 12 hours and I 'd estimate that you only have enough stuff for 7 hours
Including the time you need to scrutinize if you don 't understand slang
Such as '咻' and '嚓' (onomatopoeia for teleportation and golden wolf 's steel claws)

Isn 't that racist? I think it 's a bit mean
Don 't be too nervous
He said you were illiterate and didn 't care where you came from

Oh, okay
It doesn 't take much comic book Howard will come to me
Then play 'Starships' and the Indian version of 'Monopoly'
I have no interest in the new version of Monopoly
I just love the classics: standard and Klingon editions
The Indian version and the standard version are virtually the same except the currency has been changed to Indian rupees and the real estate has been changed from a hotel to a call center *

The chance card has an additional item 'Die from Malaria'
This is racism
You can 't guess what just happened
You are trapped in a hallway, and you are taken to the future 5,000 years later. You use the advanced technology of the future to create a time machine.
And then you go back to the present to take us to 7010
We will ride telepathically controlled flying dolphins
Work at the 'Thinking and Action Unity' Center

wrong
P enny kissed me
Who would think about that kind of thing?
what kind of kiss ?
deep kiss mouth to mouth
Did she try to kiss you on the face and you accidentally kissed your mouth?
Me and my mom always do this kind of thing
She introduced me to her dad kissed me and closed the door in my face
Maybe she 's delivering a message
- is it - yes
'This man is not my dad' 'I was held hostage'
'I 'm going to do something crazy' 'Let you find out to help me call the police'
P enny kiss me is not crazy
She used to kiss me a lot. Einstein 's definition of madness was 'repeating the same thing and expecting different results'
By this standard, P enny is going crazy
I think there is a problem here
Yesterday again
Leonard is fascinated by Penny
Don 't get me wrong, I love to see your new jokes but it 's fun to revisit the old things once in a while

'Our children must be smart and beautiful'
This sentence always makes me laugh out loud
Why do I tell you so much
If it makes you feel better, we don 't hear much
hey can i take a step to talk
Of course
I don 't think we can have pizza today
You must be wondering what 's going on
What are you talking about kissing?
No woman always does this to me

Okay, I told my dad
we are together again
why why
Because you are the first prospective son-in-law he approves
You 're a scientist, you went to college, you don 't have a tattoo on your neck, you don 't get a number, and . . .
no children
Who were you dating in the past?
man
Anyway, the fact that we broke up made him sad
He kept asking me 'How is Leonard?'
'Why can 't you make up with Leonard' 'Leonard must have done nothing crazy'
In order not to let him think about me again
I told him we were reconciled
Yes
So how did we get along?

- What- I mean you apologized to me?
Are you asking me to forgive you for coming?

Look in the mirror, I wave to you, and you run
I don 't think so yeah
What are you doing with these useless things?
I mean if we pretend to be together again
You must do enough to act.
anyhow
Can you cooperate before my dad leaves?
Wait, do you really want me to cheat on your dad? Acting and kissing in front of him?

That 's my forte
P enny are you outside
Don 't be so darling, it 's not good in front of my dad
It 's alright, I 've seen you even more humiliating than this

see if your dad doesn 't mind
L eonard I 'm taking her to a steak
do you want to come together oh dad you are so nice
But Leonard is going to work, isn 't it, Leonard?
uh yeah i gotta go to work
But I can skip work and spend time with my baby and her dad. Who calls us such a considerate boyfriend?
Oh
come here dear

C - 7

- Missed - how did it miss?
C - 6 hits C - 8 hits too
The C-7 must be part of your ship too
Not necessarily if there is a hole in the middle
Whose spaceship has a hole in the middle?
The Romulan 's donut battleship? (from Star Trek)
knock knock
great you are here
Come in, I told her to come
where is the telescope
in hawaii but raj can control it from here
He hopes to observe the dimming of Tianyuan Si, which will be strong evidence that there are planets orbiting it.
We just sit here and stare at the screen and wait for that moment to come ?
Isn 't that how we look at The Notebook?
Yes, Gina Rowlands is so beautiful (The Notebook heroine)
Better open the bar or I 'll die from constant water in my ears
what
I can 't drink, I have to make a major scientific discovery

What 's the matter? Galileo made his greatest discovery while drinking.
how do you know ?
He is Italian which is a reasonable assumption
Could you please speak without cultural discrimination?
Oh my . . . sorry Galileo was drinking sugar-free Sprite
listen you are my best friend she is my girlfriend
You should communicate more, just like you and my mom
Your mother scared me to death
Yeah, but she doesn 't call you a ghetto millionaire anymore
That 's true
wine
I propose a toast
for science and friendship

Etc., etc
- it 's alright go ahead - what 's wrong
I was doing a penicillin-resistant gonococcus test in the lab today and I was just wondering if I washed my hands
Thank you for treating us to steak W yatt
You 're welcome
It 's rare to have dinner with a boyfriend of Penny who knows how to use napkins. It 's too late to be happy
Dad is not funny at all
Let me tell you about the best guy she 's dated
There 's a guy named Donnie
can you forget about it
Donnie wants to spend millions to turn farm fertilizer into biofuel and sell it to the government
A lot of people are doing this
- hear you- yeah but what Donnie did was pour pig manure mixed with water into the gas tank of his mom 's Camry
ok that 's funny let 's change the subject
Donnie is a rocket expert compared to that kid who wants to add ping pong without rackets (a game you play while drinking) into the Olympics
What is his name, dear?
C urtis he is joking
No, his application is very serious.
Well, the ex-boyfriend exposure show is over.
I 'm so glad you finally found someone to depend on
Thank you W yatt
I am reliable
Would Leonard want to come in and have two more drinks?
Dad, he really wants to drink, but Leonad has to go to work tomorrow morning.
It 's okay if I 'm late
no no no it doesn 't matter
your career is much more important
Behind every successful man, there is a woman who can 't let him have a good life. I said, right? Leonard?
what do you mean
- good night boy - good night W yatt
Good night, dear
Good night
I love you
I love you too
The emperor is here again, isn 't he?
Three.. Four.. Five. .
oh oh can 't walk anymore there 's a holy cow on the way
Bernadette, don 't let your boyfriend make fun of cows, okay?
There 's no way he can 't end up with a joke he likes.
yeah like that haircut joke
Yeah you cut your hair ?
'Well I cut them all over'
still funny
Every time I go to a Chinese restaurant his fortune cookie always has the same sentence written on it
That 's right 'Help I 'm imprisoned in a Chinese fortune cookie factory'
Say I 've said enough
He 's right, let 's talk about his mom
'Howard, come and pinch my feet! Corns hurt!'
'Howard come and help me! I 'm stuck in the bathtub again!'
coming
hi baby
To shut up
You know what I 've been doing these few hours
Uh, sleepwalking scribbling 'Mrs. Leonard H ofstadter' on the book?
Hear my dad say over and over how nice you are
You gotta admit I 'm pretty good
Why are you making trouble?
I 'm not messing around, I 'm having fun
- Leonard - What do you want me to do? You asked for it
Do you want to tell him we broke up?
- I don 't want to - what do you want to do?
I have no idea
Don 't you think there are some things you should think about before you come?
Probably
leonard p enny great
I 'm glad you guys are together again If I knew how to be more sincere I would
at the same time
I would like to clarify that some terms of the roommate agreement need to be changed
Especially against Penny 's vices
My god what vices?
I made a table
Overuse of 'Omg' is Article 12
S heldon you don 't have to do this
Because Leonard and I didn 't . . .
Are you sure you want to drag him in too?
What am I getting into? What conspiracy do you have?
I don 't want to get involved with conspiracy
Well you 're right, no conspiracy, no conspiracy, nothing
What other vices are there to discuss?
let 's not discuss
Roommate agreement signed by Leonard
Also he pays the fines for all your violations
- Fine? - Yes
If P enny stays here for the night, you still need to open an escrow account and sign here
hello hawaii
I 'm Dr. Koothrappali from Pasadena
I would like to ask you to adjust the direction of the telescope
Aim for Scarlett Johansson 's house!
joke hawaii
Thank you~ ( Hawaiian )

Opening the second bottle of wine seems like a mistake
Eat a bite to grow a wiser
Raj, do you think the planet you are looking for has an atmosphere suitable for life?
Maybe
That 's how I became famous
I 'll be on the cover of a magazine
Then I won 't have to live in a small apartment and we 'll be able to move into a big villa
sounds good
Yes
But who wants to be alone in a big house?
- we 'll see you - you won 't
You fear my wealth and position
My only friends are genetically modified monkey butlers
and the villain I hired to make a live-action version of chess
Is he going to become a depressed man?
wait he 'll be back
What 's the point of all this?
finished depression
Do you know that I haven 't kissed a girl in a year?
Didn 't you say you had an affair at Comic-Con?
Wake up, I lied to you, I lied to you all the time, no one wants to kiss me

poor little boy
Raj you have to know you are a good man
There are so many girls willing to kiss you
- Where? - If you want to look for it
Do not !
it 's fun
Oh! It seems to be bitten
Be careful
Put the line first
Take the line
oh look at this
Really exciting huh?
Yes, the simple file has this advantage
my phone rings
Hey
Hi, baby
I woke up a long time ago, I don 't want to wake you, I went out for coffee and came back to meet Leonard
Guess what we 're fishing
Yes, on his couch
hi baby i love you !
that 's leonard he said he loves you
what
Understood
Is the whole thing a lie to me?
I am really disappointed
bye
There 's something I 've been meaning to tell you
I can 't believe you lied to me like this
To state in advance I really didn 't want to . . .
I 'll tell you later
don 't worry
My daughter thinks I don 't love her enough
It 's so sad to think I won 't support her decision
- sorry dad . . . oh - let me finish
I thought you were too old to cover up and not tell the truth
What small bag in the underwear drawer is a sachet?
What pregnancy test sticks in the bathroom are for diabetes?
I am sorry
You are an adult and I respect your decision
I just need you to be honest with me
You 're right, I 'll tell you the truth from now on
thanks
Let 's change clothes before I go to the airport and we 'll have time to eat

- It 's your turn and you go in - Dad has nothing to do with him . . . . . .

please please don 't give up on her
What ?
I can 't get enough of those skateboard idiots
White rappers and those idiots who put their hats upside down
I don 't know if it 's still possible
then cheat
Lie to her, lie, I don 't mind
I want to hold my grandchildren before I put them in the ground I want them to live in a house with a fixed address
let me try
thanks
i will help you too
- what- don 't be afraid
You liar with your apologies, get out of here and don 't let me see you again!
Oh use the reverse psychology
- That 's brilliant. - Stop babbling and let 's go

I will add you as a Facebook friend
oh you 're here
You know I haven 't slept all night
Finally completed the P enny special terms of the new version of the roommate agreement
No, we broke up again
Have you thought about others? Leonard
have you thought about it
- hi- how was last night ?
Oh still the same
There 's nothing special about looking at the stars with a telescope
Isn 't that right? Didn 't you wait for the telescope for months? What happened?
What? You want to write a novel?
I 'm going to make a hypothesis
Last night, Raj had an accidental contact with an alien civilization
After that, the U.S. government asked to keep silent.
Nothing happened. Can we change the subject?
It sounds like it was rehearsed
Humans are not alone
- hi- hi
Hello
- hi- hi
Did you play with Raj 's telescope last night too?
Wow
How is this said?
He never touched my binoculars
stop talking
- I didn 't tell you to stop - okay
thanks
I can 't believe you didn 't even make a phone call in the morning
- = = h t t p : / / w w w . 1 0 0 0 f r . n e t = = -
