 00 : 00 : 04, 090 -- > 00 : 00 : 06, 720 Klaus : In the beginning , we were so naive .
 Our mother hade made us into beasts that fed on blood , but immortality was beyond our grasp , compulsion a trick we had yet to learn .
 All we knew was a fear of being hunted .
 That and a terrible hunger .
 So we ran ... As a family ...
 And when we needed to ... As a family ...
 We fed .
 Unh !
 [ Neighing ]
 Kol , are you quite done ?
 Ahh .
 Oh , bother , Elijah . Is all this truly necessary ? Brother , the road is a major thoroughfare .
 If the bodies are found , word of our presence will spread to mikael .
 We have run through autumn and winter , through sleet and snow .
 Are we cursed to forever live in fear of our father ?
 I should say yes sadly . Finn , please . Niklaus .
 Do we have any idea where we 're running to next ? Why not just do what we 've all thought of doing ?
 Split up .
 We swore a vow . Your vows haunt me more than father himself .
 At least he can 't chase us all . I say we take our chances .
 Perhaps kol is right . Thank you , finn .
 Yeah , I 've always said eldest is the most intelligent .
 Stop talking !
 I take no joy in our assent , but I do wish to sleep in a bed , to bathe in a bath , to feed of proper food .
 If we divide ... Elijah : No , brother .
 Niklaus is right . We made a vow .
 Family above all .
 Always ... Forever .

 Always and forever indeed . Freya , voice- over :
 " My dear rebekah ...
 " I hope this finds you well .
 " I write to offer an update " and to ask your advice .
 " Our brothers remain at odds .
 " Klaus will never apologize ,
 " not for the blood he shed , nor the suffering hayley continues to endure " ...
 " And Elijah cannot forgive him . "
 " Despite my efforts , we are a house divided " ...
 " Which is not to say I have no good news .
 " Niklaus kept his word .
 " Marcel controls the quarter .
 " There he has founded a fight gym
 " in the old St. Anne 's church ,
 " where he tests the mettle of those who wish to join
 " his vampire community .
 " Elijah has begun joining him for sparring .
 I believe it helps him work through his anger " ...
 " And he has much anger . "
 [ Hope crying ] " While hope continues to flourish , " it is clear that she misses her mother .
 " Though niklaus remains the doting father , " he has been of no help in finding a cure for hayley 's curse . "
 " Despite my best efforts ,
 " I have yet to find a means to undo the spell
 " placed on her and the Crescent wolves , " and hayley herself continues to struggle ,
 " unable to see her child except once a month on a full moon " ...
 " And we 're in no position to ask for outside help . "
 Can you just hear me out ? No .
 Witches don 't do favors for vampires , including daylight rings .
 Those are the rules .
 An act of good faith will help keep the peace .
 The ninth ward coven thinks I 'm a vampire sympathizer .
 I won 't prove them right . You 're on your own .
 Freya : " Davina 's rage at our family " has only grown ,
 " and as regent of all covens , " she 's far too formidable to be swayed .
 " Meanwhile , niklaus has begun to see Camille " for what he calls their little chats .
 " He claims a desire to ammend his ways .
 In truth , he seems utterly free of remorse " ... around in his blood , and that was the end of that .
 " Which only drives Elijah further away .
 " I wonder if you would write me with any advice " you have on how to heal their fractured bond .
 Until then , I remain your loving sister freya . "
 Camille . Thanks for coming . Why did you ask me to meet you here ?
 Well , I had hoped we might have one of our little chats , and I thought you might appreciate the change of venue , so I 'm allowing you a private tour of my exhibition .
 These are yours ?
 Heh .
 I spent the better part of a millennia trying not to draw my father 's attention , and now he 's dead , and all those who stood against me have been vanquished .
 I see no reason the fruits of my labor should go unappreciated .
 I didn 't come here to appreciate art .
 If you want to talk about your progress as a person striving for empathy , fine .
 If not , I 'll go . Have I offended you ?
 I agreed to see you professionally , but I was very clear when I set our boundaries , and they don 't include private art shows .
 Well , then perhaps you 'd prefer to escort me to tomorrow 's opening .
 Oh .
 Call me if you want to talk .
 Wait . You 're worried no one else will come .
 Rebekah 's gone , marcel 's angry , Elijah won 't even look at you .
 You 'll be alone .
 You 're scared because the people you love are angry with you . Maybe you need to think about that .
 [ Cell phone chimes ]
 I have to go .
 [ Siren ]
 The thing you got to understand is me and nola pd got a relationship that goes back to that nastiness with my ex- wife .
 Vincent :
 Ok .
 I 'm their expert in anything that seems occult , and every so often , they come across the aftermath of some black magic , and they call me in .
 This your friend the shrink ?
 Fantastic . Will Kinney , detective , homicide .
 Cami O 'Connell , bartender , part- time shrink .
 Why am I here ? Vince , show her the body .
 We 'll see if she can do what you said she can do .
 So the cops want a psychological profile , and given what we 've found ,
 I 'd say this is your area of expertise .
 She 's getting bigger by the second . Thank you for all of your care .
 Tomorrow 's the full moon . I can help you bring hope to hayley if you 'd like .
 Won 't be necessary . You deserve a night off .
 I 'd offer to accompany you myself , but I fear my fragile ego could not endure the litany of insults hayley has no doubt prepared .
 Yes , I doubt that your presence is particularly welcome anywhere .
 My own brother greeting me with such disdain . What do you think , freya ?
 Is he still angry for my part in hayley 's curse ?
 Need I remind him it was my ploy that kept her alive . But of course .
 Forgive me .
 So you would call this an act of heroism , even as you bask in her torment ?
 Perhaps I 'd be more sympathetic if hayley apologized .
 After all , it was her that tried to run off with my daughter .
 Oh , if you two must poke at one another , may I suggest doing it elsewhere ?
 Freya :
 Nicely done . At this rate , you 'll drive the entire family away .
 Who 's ready for the next course ? Finn : You 're all filthy gluttons .
 And you remain ever the dullard .
 Oh , such pretty clothes . What a shame they 'll go to waste .
 Rebekah , we have discussed this endlessly . No . You 've discussed this .
 None of us had any say in the matter . This lot were traveling somewhere .
 Their car is full of silks and finery . 5 of them , 5 of us .
 Wherever they were off to , why can we not simply go in their stead .
 Masquerade as nobles from a land we do not know , whose customs we cannot begin to understand . Ridiculous .
 You saw the castle down the road .
 It was practically a gala .
 If this bunch were headed there , then ... Look at them . They 're not any better than we are .
 We could live as they do , at least for a time . Think of it .
 Elijah , we could hide in plain sight . We could live ordinary lives .
 Silence .
 [ Heartbeat ]
 [ Gasping ]
 Well , aren 't you a handsome one ? Kol : He looks like dessert to me .
 No !
 Wait , wait , wait ! I can help you .
 Now I am ...
 I am the personal servant to the count de martel of the very estate you just mentioned .
 I was sent to escort these guests to his home for a lengthy stay .
 I wa ...
 I know their customs , as ... as well as the count 's habits .
 If you mean to pose as the family you have slaughtered here , then you 'll need my help to carry out your ruse .
 Please can we keep him ? Elijah : Rebekah , no .
 What is our most important rule ? Never leave alive someone who ... All :
 Has seen what we are . Elijah :
 Thank you very much . A practice that has served us very well indeed .
 She has a point . - He may be of use . - Ah , a proper family squabble .
 Perhaps we should put it to a vote .
 All those in favor of letting him live .
 Those inclined to gut him .
 Well , Nik ... What shall it be ?
 Woman : It 's a no- brainer really .
 This penthouse is equipped with all the luxuries money can buy , and while the asking price may seem daunting , rest assured that your view of new Orleans will be second to none .
 - I do like it . - Mm- hmm .
 And as for the price , well , nothing of worth comes without sacrifice , wouldn 't you agree ?
 Mr. castle . Please . Call me lucien .
 [ Gasping ]
 I 'm no forensic psychologist , but whoever did this took their time .
 He bled a lot , which means he was alive , but it 's like he just stood here .
 These ropes are just for display .
 He wasn 't bound , there are no marks on his wrists , no signs of struggling or clawing .
 He was compelled , Camille .
 Maybe rich boy pissed off the wrong vampire .
 Will :
 How are you guys doing over here ? Tell me you got something .
 It seems methodical , precise .
 The wounds may have a special meaning for the killer .
 Not a formal ritual but intentional ...
 And the things we do on purpose we tend to repeat .
 [ Indistinct chatter ]
 Davina : Thank you for coming . I spent the night consulting our ancestors .
 They say we must remain strong and to defend our homes , but for now , no covens are to expand into gentilly .
 This decision is to keep us from a violent turf war with the vampires , and it 's final .
 Excuse me , Kara . I did not dismiss you . Do not walk away from me .
 [ Chanting ]
 [ Bones crack ]
 [ Witches gasping ]
 [ Chanting ]
 [ Indistinct chatter ]
 [ Men grunting ]
 Gnarly stuff . Vincent : Yeah .
 The guy was torn apart .
 I mean , there are no obvious puncture wounds , but whoever did that had to be a vampire .
 And no one heard any screams , so he must have been compelled to just stand there and suffer .
 You think this was us .
 My guys know better than to leave a body in the streets . Yeah ?
 Well , how well do you know your guys ?
 Dead bodies lead to headlines , which means tourism drops .
 We don 't like to mess with the food supply .
 Marcel , maybe someone new lost control .
 Maybe you should consider that my guys aren 't the only vampires in town .
 You don 't think this was Klaus ?
 Elijah says that Klaus has been on his best behavior . I 've known the guy over 200 years .
 Best behavior ain 't exactly his thing .
 Sooner or later , he 'll cut loose , or maybe , he already did .
 Leon Bridges : ♪ ooh , ooh ♪ ♪ ooh , ooh , ooh , ooh ♪ ♪ she was born in new Orleans ♪ ♪ new Orleans ♪ it 's a derivative fiasco .
 Little atmosphere , less technique .
 The work is nothing more than a celebratory ego trip . ♪ Lisa Sawyer , circa 1963 ♪
 I wouldn 't expect you to host an art show without compelling the critic to speak to your praise .
 And I wouldn 't expect an uncultured savage to crash such a formal affair .
 Ah , not my usual scene , but that mouthy blood bag does have a point .
 Your work is derivative of degas , I 'd say .
 Of course , I happen to know that you compelled degas to mentor you .
 I always thought his work improved after your influence .
 Finally , someone with an eye for art .
 Well , live long enough , you develop a taste for it , among other things .
 Speaking of which , can we please have a drink ? I am quite parched .
 Ha ha ha ! ♪ New Orleans ♪
 [ car approaching ]
 Hell of a spot for a picnic . If you can tolerate the mosquitoes , it 's actually rather serene . Yes .

 Finger sandwich ? Trouble is you 're trespassing .
 This whole area is now property of kingmaker land development .
 In two years , it 's gonna be golf courses and condos .
 I take it you 're not on the board of directors . No . My team and I are animal control .
 There 's been an influx of wild predators .
 My boss pays top dollar to , uh , wipe them out .
 Wild predators . Wolves if you can believe it .
 Killed a half- dozen last night .
 This baby can take a head clean off . Hey .
 Anyway , um , I 'm gonna have to ask you to clear out asap . Ohh !
 Agh !
 [ Grunting ]
 Call off your men .
 You leave this place and you seek another line of work .
 No more dead wolves .
 I 'm an independent contractor . There are other teams out there .
 I don 't have authority to ... [ snap ]
 There .
 You see the count de martel ?
 You address him as " your grace , " all other nobles as " milord , " and when you speak to the count , you should speak of hunting .
 He loves his hawks and his hounds , and , um , bow deep , milady rebekah .
 He also relishes a healthy cleavage .
 For God 's sake , all of you , stop looking up .
 Touch me again , and I 'll tear your arms straight off . Finn :
 Behave , kol , or I will bury you in the ground to rot . This isn 't going to work , is it ?
 Lucien :
 Just speak as we practiced and know that you look lovely , milady .
 Are you worried , brother ?
 We 're placing our lives in the hands of a stranger , niklaus .
 Count :
 Lucien , you were sent to fetch the comte du guise .
 Indisposed , your grace . Gout .
 May I present his children ?
 The lords finn , niklaus , Elijah , and kol .
 Also the lovely lady rebekah .
 Your father never mentioned you to me in all our dealings .
 Yes .
 Your grace , do forgive us .
 Uh , father was forever distant with his travels , and , uh , we were largely raised by servants .
 However , I do know that father would consider it a glorious honor that we should be introduced to society by your noble hand , your grace .
 Your grace , I look forward to hearing tales of your hunting escapades .
 Klaus :
 May I present our sister ?
 Rebekah du guise de rochefort en seine .
 Charmed .
 [ Indistinct chatter ]
 You have proven to be an immense help . Heh . Of course , milord .
 Though I must say you don 't seem at all disturbed about leading us into your master 's home .
 My master is a cruel drunkard who torments his minions for sport , beggars who seek succor , vassals who cannot pay a debt ,
 like my own father .
 Ah .
 A these gentlefolk behind their silks and their jewels , they are slavers , killers .
 Whatever evil you are , you walk amongst greater evil still .
 What do I care if you kill the lot of them ? [ Indistinct chatter ]
 Who are they ? Oh .
 They 're the count 's children , the lord Tristan and his sister the lady aurora .
 She is exquisite . Yes .
 Um , as her brother is wicked . Might I suggest that you avoid them completely ?
 Would she really be such a threat , even to one like me ?
 The lady aurora doesn 't need teeth to tear a man 's soul out .
 One need only stare in her eyes and be lost .
 Ah .
 Oh , kol ... kol was a bloody loon .
 Loved it .
 And finn ... oh , finn . Finn ... finn was fine as long as you didn 't actually have to speak to him .
 Have you spoken to her ? Who ?
 Oh , you mean her .
 As you well know , aurora and I parted ways centuries ago .
 Please excuse me . There 's someone I need to speak to . Hmm .
 Anyone tasty ? Stay here and behave yourself .
 Always .
 Well , I suppose later is better than never , but you are late indeed .
 I 'm not here for the show . I have a problem , and you weren 't answering your phone .
 Who 's the dirt bag eyeing me like I 'm a rack of lamb ? Old friend ?
 Old acquaintance , nothing more .
 Old acquaintance ? You wound me ?
 He can hear us ? Is he ... Hard of hearing ?
 Quite the opposite actually .
 A side effect I inherited from Nik .
 We can discuss my discourteous friend lucien at our next little chat .
 For now , let 's preserve your precious boundaries , shall we ?
 Someone tortured and killed a local , left the body right out in the open .
 I think it was a vampire . Well , vampire business is now marcel 's purview or Elijah 's when he 's not busy loathing me . Yes .

 By all means , check with them .
 [ Digitalism 's " second chance " playing ] ♪ We get a second chance tonight ♪ ♪ we get a clean slate ♪ ♪ forget about the past tonight ♪ ♪ it 's never too late ♪ [ cell phone vibrating ]
 Hello ?
 Did I misinterpret the kind of exhibition you were attending ?
 I switched venues .
 Aren 't you the one who said I deserved the night off ?
 Forgive me . Someone needs to watch hope .
 I have an errand to run .
 How ominous . What errand ?
 A necessary evil .
 I would rather our niece not bear witness .
 Fair enough . Give me a minute . I have an idea .
 [ Indistinct chatter ]
 Your pretty friend seems to have fouled your mood .
 Why don 't we go out , paint the town red , et cetera , et cetera ?
 Lucien ... What are you really doing in my city ?
 News has spread , old friend .
 Every vampire in the world knows you 've been attacked , a number of times nearly killed .
 Well , I can assure you that all those who stood against me ended up either desiccated , dust , or dinner .
 Oh .
 Yes , but what if it had gone the other way , hmm ?
 When finn was killed , we all learned the truth ...
 The life of every vampire is linked back to the original who begat the line .
 Kol 's death confirmed it .
 Two entire lines of vampires wiped out .
 As you can imagine , the treat of it doesn 't sit well with those of us that remain .
 Anyone fearing death as a result of my demise should come see me .
 I 'll be happy to reassure them . Of course . Heh .
 You and your siblings are mighty indeed , yet the attacks on you do show that you are not completely invulnerable .
 While you 've wallowed in your family affairs , your progeny have grown somewhat restless .
 The world is a finite place , territory limited , and even ancient vampires are not above vicious turf wars .
 What if I told you there 's a growing conflict between the remaining 3 sire lines ?
 Suppose one of them wanted to annihilate the other by killing Elijah , rebekah , you ?
 So you came all this way to deliver a warning ? Think about it .
 Kill an original , wipe out an entire line of competition .
 A tempting goal , made more so by the fact that your family is divided and thus weaker than you have ever been .
 My family is hardly weak .
 In fact , we are unkillable . The last of the white oak is gone .
 Are you so certain it 's all gone , every last splinter of it banished for good ?
 [ Growls ]
 Lucien , if you had even the slightest inkling any fragment of white oak still existed , of course you would tell me .
 Easy , Nik . You are my sire .
 My fate is linked to yours .
 If you want to know what I do about the dangers you now face , trust me enough to come with me .
 There is something that you must see .
 [ Grunting ]
 I 'd ask if everything was ok , but you wouldn 't be here if it were .
 You know , I was bored out of my mind when I lived up here .
 I don 't miss it , but things were a lot simpler .
 And at least I felt safe .
 What happened ? I was attacked .
 One of my own people tried to use a spell to ruin my hands .
 What 's next , my eyes , my heart ? They hate me .
 I knew that , but I didn 't think they would just revolt .
 Witches in new Orleans have a habit of getting homicidal , all right ? Why do you think I was so hard on them ?
 But I 'm regent . They should respect me . I didn 't sign up for this .
 Sure you did . You chose to be their leader .
 The target on your back , it comes with the job . So what do I do ?
 Say the word , all right ? Me and my guys will ...
 You 'll what ?
 They see me siding with you against my own kind , I 'll just be proving them right .
 " D , " someone came at you . It might be one today , but if you sit back and do nothing , but tomorrow , there 'll be more .
 You got to respond with a show of force .
 If not me , find another way , but it 's got to be done .
 Hello , sweetie .
 We 'll have to excuse your auntie freya .
 I 've had a few big girl drinks tonight .
 What the hell are you doing ?
 Oh , my goodness . Where are my manners ?
 Permit me to explain .
 Ohh !
 Unh !
 Unh !
 [ Man groaning ]
 Lesson one of the hunt ...
 [ Grunting ]
 Lay the bait .
 [ Screaming ]
 How precious . And just in time for lesson two .
 [ Elevator dings ]
 Please excuse the mess . I 've been entertaining .
 [ Dance music playing ]
 Well , you never were one for subtlety .
 Heh .
 You brought me here to have a seance ?
 Something like that .
 I present my personal forecaster ... The lovely Alexis .
 Don 't tell me you 're here to scry some future portents of my doom .
 Alexis is no back alley palm reader .
 She 's an expert cipher of patterns , trends , cycles .
 She 's extraordinary on the stock market and never fails to guess the winner of " the bachelorette . "
 A touch forward , isn 't she ?
 I 've heard so much about you , the famous hybrid .
 Your ancient heart beats strong indeed for someone in such danger .
 If you have a warning to deliver , luv , best get on with it .
 By all means , but if you want the most from the experience ,
 I suggest you feed on me .
 As you do , I 'll allow you into my mind .
 You can see for yourself .
 Lucien : Come on . How long has it been since we shared a real drink ?
 Drink deep , but beware . What you broke is past repair .
 All your oaths you betray .
 Your sacred vows you sever , and now you see that nothing lasts for always and forever .
 3 yet remain , 2 already crossed , yet in one year 's time , you 'll all be lost .
 As your family is undone , you will see the beast that is to come .
 Ohh !
 Do you think you can fool me with bad poetry and parlor tricks ?
 My visions conjure from you .
 The threat you face will be more clear the longer I 'm in your presence .
 Kill me , you 'll never see what 's coming .
 Err !
 [ Panting ]
 You will provide me with the precise location of every last one of those vulgar traps , as well as the routes used by any of your other men .
 I ... I don 't know .
 Unh !
 Hayley .
 Forgive me . I ... I thought ...
 I know who you thought I was .
 Do you know where she is ?
 Judging by what these hunters did , the traps they set and the blood I saw , if she 's not with her daughter , she 's probably dead .
 Vincent : You seem pretty convinced Klaus had nothing to do with it .
 Now that only leaves ... Thank you ...
 A couple hundred vampires in the quarter . That 's the thing .
 Even if we figure out who killed this guy , then what ?
 It 's a vampire . What are the police gonna do ?
 We 'd be sending the arresting officers to get slaughtered , and if we warned them , we 'd get locked up for being insane .
 Yeah . That 's new Orleans .
 Our city , our streets , not our fault , but it is our problem .
 [ Cell phone vibrating ]
 Hello ? Hey . It 's Kinney .
 Wanted to let you know you were right . It happened again .
 So if you 're not busy , I could use your brain .
 Yeah . Of course .
 I told you . Something is coming .
 You 'll need me .
 Aah !
 I am Klaus mikaelson !
 I don 't need anyone , nor will I be warned by lesser men !
 I am the thing that lesser men fear .
 Then act like it ...
 Ha ha ...
 Instead of doting on your pretty human girls and pouting about your family 's disapproval .
 Yes , you are Klaus mikaelson !
 You are the most ruthless , wicked beast to ever live .
 I came here to remind you of that because , quite frankly ,
 I 've been worried that you 've lost a step . I need no reminding of who I am .
 That truth has been clear to me for a thousand years .
 And in those years , you 've acquired countless enemies , and with the sire lines at war , you now have mine , as well .
 Anyone who would kill me could now come after you , and since I have so many rivals and because I do not want to die ,
 I beg you let me help you .
 From now on , I am the only one you can trust .
 I don 't trust anyone .
 Unh !
 I thought you said no vamp speed , marcel .
 Come on , Vincent .
 If I move any slower , I 'll be going in reverse .
 Ooh . Fighting angry . Because they found that second dead body ?
 You still think it 's my guys . Huh ?
 Don 't matter what I think , marcel .
 News breaks there 's a killer loose in the quarter , tourism is gonna drop , and who are your vampires gonna feed on then ?
 Locals ? No .
 Not unless they want a war with the covens !
 Speaking of covens , you remember davina , girl you were supposed to mentor ?
 I offered her my advice months ago .
 I told her to make peace at all cost , and she refused me .
 That girl 's got a bigger chip on her shoulder than you do .
 All right .
 [ Both grunting ]
 You got her into this . You should be helping her out .
 These witches keep messing with her , she 's gonna get angry .
 You think that 's gonna end well for anyone ?
 Huh ?
 [ Sighs ]
 [ Breathing heavily ]
 What the hell am I doing here ? Why am I trapped ?
 I used magic to draw you here and to keep you a captive audience .
 Davina , I need to see my daughter .
 I 'm sorry , but there 's something I need you to do for me first .
 [ Gasps ]
 Who 's there ? You 're on edge . [ Gasps ]
 And you 're trespassing . You can 't just come ...
 I mean , Klaus , seriously .
 I didn 't come here to quarrel .
 I came to offer you a gift , maybe in exchange for one of our little chats of which I 'm in particular need , given as my brother doesn 't bother to answer my calls , and now my old mate lucien has swanned into town with all manner of troubling news .
 Fine .
 If you want to talk it through , come back tomorrow .
 I 'm afraid I need to talk about it now . No . No !
 You don 't get to just come into my house uninvited .
 Well , you already invited me in once , luv , so technically ... Don 't do that .
 Don 't be so flippant and self- absorbed .
 Right now , people like me are out there getting killed by people like you , conveniently timed with the arrival of your old acquaintance , and you just barge in here and start mouthing off orders ?
 I get it .
 You 're a vampire . It 's a tortured existence .
 I 'm sorry , but do you really have to be such an insensitive disappointment ?
 Wait . That wasn 't fair .
 Keep the gift .
 I painted it for you .
 Klaus .
 [ Saxophone playing ]
 Good evening .
 I wonder if we might discuss your analysis of my work .
 Aah !
 [ Klaus growls ]
 [ Grunting ]
 Raah !

 Noooo !
 It won 't be long now .

