 00 : 00 : 00, 050 -- > 00 : 00 : 04, 590





 I wanted our home back , so I 'm going to live there , and the two of you , you can stay here together and rot .
 You 're coming with me , little wolf .
 Why would I go anywhere with you ?
 Now you can fight me on this , but you will lose ,
 As will anyone else who tries to stop you getting in this car .
 Let us begin with a toast to our shared gift -- immortality .
 for its beauties and its sorrows to diminish with time , but as vampires , we feel more deeply than humans could possibly imagine --


 insatiable need , exquisite pain ,
 and our defeats .
 You can 't afford your wounded pride . With Klaus in control of your empire ,
 You need to give him what he craves most --
 Loyalty , or at least the illusion of it .
 I ambushed him , tried to bury him alive .
 He 's not gonna trust me .
 He will because he wants your allegiance .
 Speaking from experience ,
 I know that if you play the part , all is forgiven , but if you give him any reason to doubt you ,


 Make me a promise , Marcel . You do whatever it takes to stay alive .

 To my city , my home again . May the blood never cease to flow .
 And the party never end .

 I just don 't get it , man .
 You know we would 've stood with you till the end .
 Letting you do that would 've been letting you die , and you 're still my people .
 For now , just follow my lead .
 Trust me , it ain 't over yet .
 To New Orleans .
 - To New Orleans . - New Orleans .



 I understand that some of you may have questions regarding the recent change in leadership , and I invited you here tonight to assure you that you are not defeated .
 No .
 My intentions moving forward are to celebrate what we have ,
 What Marcel , in fact , took ... and built into this -- a true community of vampires .
 What about her , the wolf ?
 Had you let me finish , Diego , you would know that there is , of course , one further matter I would like to address .
 As many of you know , the girl is carrying my child .
 you will all pay her the appropriate respect .
 However , I understand that some of you are concerned by this vicious rumor that I intend to use the blood of our child to create hybrids .
 I assure you , I do not . Father of the year .

 It appears I will have to earn your trust . Very well .
 We 'll eliminate the root of your anxiety .
 You see , how can I sire any hybrids if there are no more werewolves alive in the Bayou to turn ?
 What ?
 Klaus , no .
 So eat , drink , and be merry , and tomorrow I suggest you have yourselves a little wolf hunt .
 Go ahead .
 Have fun .
 Kill them all .


 I paid for that . Please .
 Never paid for anything in your life .
 I hardly see how that 's relevant .
 Nik 's just punishing us .
 Well , we 've hurt him , deeply , it would appear .
 We believed the worst about him the one time in a million when the worst wasn 't actually the truth .
 Where do you think you 're going ?
 To ensure that Hayley doesn 't suffer for our mistakes .
 Niklaus is feeling vindictive .
 We cannot trust that she is safe .

 with my hybrid venom in his veins .
 Serves him right for making such vile accusations against me , and let --
 Are you taking this down ?
 To be clear , if the quarter is yours now , you still need me why ?
 My memoirs .
 1, 000 years of history isn 't gonna write itself .

 Cami , what are you doing here ? My question exactly .
 Oh , it 's quite all right . She knows .
 She does ?
 That you 're vampires ?
 Don 't worry .
 He 's compelled me to forget everything as soon as I leave .
 That way , I 'm too busy agonizing over whether or not I 'm losing my damn mind to realize I 'm playing spy for an immortal egomaniac .
 You compelled her to go out with me , didn 't you ? And I thought you really liked me .
 So did I. Well , I mean , to be clear ,
 I only compelled you to give him a chance .
 Anything you felt for him was quite real .

 the level of awkwardness
 We 're all currently experiencing is entirely genuine .
 You think you 're so clever , don 't you , compelling the poor , naive bartender ?
 Look what I found , real me , not your compelled therapist .
 Well , actually I prefer devoted stenographer .
 You think this is funny , messing with my mind ? My sanity is not a joke .
 No , Luv , I don 't believe it is .

 You never found this .
 You will remember nothing of our life as vampires when you leave here .
 Do you understand ?

 I think that just about does it for the day . You may go .

 Going somewhere ?

 Elijah .
 You shouldn 't be here .
 Klaus has his guys watching me .
 I wouldn 't worry about them .


 Come .
 We mustn 't linger .
 Let 's get you someplace safe . No .
 You don 't have to worry about me .
 I 'm fine .
 I 've been deemed under protection by the almighty Klaus .
 It 's the werewolves who need help .
 He ordered a wolf hunt as some jacked- up peace offering to Marcel 's crew .
 You have to help them .
 Out in the Bayou ?
 Do we look like a bloody vampire rescue squad ?
 I think you should be grateful we came to save you . Listen , Rebekah .
 All my life , I 've wanted to know who my real family was , and just as I find out that they 're out there in the bayou ,
 Klaus orders them killed .

 You want to help me ?
 Help my people , please .
 Humans have called a meeting .
 They 're not exactly thrilled with the new status quo .
 How unfortunate for them .
 Look . It 's your show now , but you want to know how I built what I built ?


 Politics .
 A little diplomacy goes a long way , especially with the human faction .
 Duly noted .

 I haven 't thought about this night in ages --
 This was the end of an era .
 Now , in the interest of new beginnings ,
 I feel there are some things I should probably confess to you , but where to begin ?
 Thierry was never disloyal to you .
 I set him up in an attempt to locate my brother .
 He 's your friend , and , consequently , he can return to the compound at your discretion .
 Cami 's part you just learned , and then there 's young Joshua .
 I 've been compelling him from the beginning , although I suspect you already knew that , as he was the one who led me into your trap .
 I may have fed the kid some misinformation .
 Mm , and then there 's Davina .
 She 's a powerful weapon .
 At this point , I 'd like to keep her close at hand .
 I think we should have her move into the compound here with us .
 Eh , she can 't leave the attic .
 I already tried to move her once . Yes .
 About that , turns out , your little witch is quite the actress .
 She made a deal with Elijah while he was in captivity , tricked you into letting her stay put in exchange for some spells from our mother 's grimoire .

 Good to know .
 Is that all ?
 I do believe it is .
 Appreciate the honesty .

 Meeting is in an hour .

 --- BELlEVE NOTHlNG KLAUS TELLS YOU ---

 --- YOUR BAG INSlDE POCKET ---




 You 're gonna love it at the compound .
 I already got the best room in the place picked out .
 I can 't leave .
 Remember what happened last time ?
 I know about your deal with Elijah .
 Can 't be lying to each other .
 I 'm trying to protect you .
 With the witches still looking to kill you for the harvest , believe me , you 're safest with us .
 Plus , there 's excellent light in the afternoon .
 I see you 're an artist .
 Wonderful .
 I look forward to witnessing your many talents .
 Was this his idea ?
 Davina , please .
 I understand you 're devoted to Marcel , but Marcel is devoted to me .
 I assume you want what 's best for all of us .
 We have a meeting to attend downstairs .
 Look .
 I 'll get someone to pick up your things .
 We 'll get you settled in right .
 Trust me .
 Klaus , Marcel , Thank you for coming .
 Now , we are aware of the change in leadership in your community , and we thought it was time to make the appropriate introductions .
 We want to be sure you understand how things work around here .
 Is that so ?
 What the mayor means is that we just want some assurance that this new development isn 't gonna endanger our city or its inhabitants .
 Look . You freaks do your thing , and we 'll look the other way .
 As long as our pockets stay full , we won 't have a problem .
 More importantly , there are rules .
 No feeding on the locals .
 Don 't bring any unwanted attention to the city .
 Now , history has proven that we can coexist peacefully .
 However , if you cross the line --
 You answer to us .
 Ha ha ! Ok . I 'm sorry .
 Let me get this straight .
 I 'm to play supplicant to this pompous ass and his ridiculous group of petty thieves ?
 Ah , Here are my terms .
 You will take whatever scraps I see fit to leave you , and you will be grateful .
 If that doesn 't suit you ,
 I may decide you 've outlived your usefulness .
 Hey , They were obviously just here .
 Fan out , find them , and bring me some heads .
 I 'd rather you didn 't .
 What the hell are you doing out here ?
 I 've come to suggest you seek other hunting grounds .
 Suggestion noted .
 Well , Diego , it would be such a shame to have to rearrange that pretty face .
 What the hell you care about wolves ?
 Generally , I don 't .
 However this particular clan is not to be touched .
 Good- bye .
 Bye .
 Nothing here , anyway .
 Great .
 I guess our job here is done .
 Not quite .
 We 're not here to harm you .
 Hello again .
 Eve , was it ?
 One of Hayley 's little mate , I presume .
 Hayley sent you here to protect us , didn 't she ?
 Tell her we appreciate the concern , but we 've been looking out for ourselves for a while now .
 Nobody finds us unless we want to be found .
 Well , we found you , so ...
 Like I said ...

 There 's something I thought you and your family should know about .
 I think I was far more gracious than they deserved .
 You 're disappointed by my lack of diplomacy .
 Well , you , above all people , should need no reminder of the human capacity for cruelty .
 Hello ?
 Mr. Mikaelson , just wanted to let you know , the faction has considered your terms .

 We 've reached a decision .
 Have you ?

 Damn it , damn it , damn it !
 Oh , this is on you .
 Now that you 're in charge , those are your guys laying dead ,
 Your guys .
 You 're gonna run this city , that better mean something to you .
 Otherwise no one worth a damn is gonna follow you , no one .

 I was beginning to worry about you .
 I don 't think I could 've taken any more of this deferential nonsense .
 I mean , clearly , I underestimated the faction .
 That won 't happen again , but tell me , now that we 've arrived at this point , now that they have come into our home , visited this upon our people , how would you counsel me to respond ?


 Let 's go kill them all .
 We 're surrounded by 20, 000 acres of swamp .
 The ones born here know it like the backs of our hands .
 We 'll be fine , but here , newcomers from out of state , not Hayley 's and mine kin , but word spread about that baby of hers .
 Lot of werewolves want to see this miracle pregnancy for themselves .
 Only now the vampires are out looking for blood , and all these werewolves new to the bayou , they might not know where to hide .
 You say that like we 're supposed to care .
 Believe me , you 're gonna want then kept alive .
 And why is that ?
 See for yourself .



 I can sense your fear .

 I heard you were moving in .

 What are you doing in here ? Uh , you know , I 'm hiding out ,
 You know , incognito .
 Got to run for the hills , but I 'm stuck here until it gets dark .
 Are you ok ?
 Yeah .
 Yeah .
 No , not really .
 I mean , I totally led Klaus into a trap that was like the most epic failure of all time .
 So , yeah , I 'm kind of crapping my pants right now ,
 Figuratively ... so far .
 It 's OK .
 You can trust Marcel , and if Klaus tries to hurt you ,
 I 'll hurt him .
 I 'm sure if you could actually stop Klaus , you would 've done it already .
 You 're Hayley , Klaus ' wife .
 Ew .
 No . Never .
 I 'm the pregnant werewolf , and you must be the all- powerful super witch Davina , and let 's not forget Josh , newbie vampire way out of his element , voted most likely to die next .

 Oh , fantastic . Hey , I 'm just another one of Klaus ' prisoners .
 Of course , it would suck if he found out you were still lurking around .
 Maybe there 's a world where we can all look out for each other .

 I called you hours ago !
 I- I came as fast as I could .
 What 's going on ?
 Your voicemail sounded ...
 What , paranoid , unhinged ?
 Upset .
 That picture I found , the one that was , I don 't know , a hundred years old , you said it was just a coincidence , but ...


 That 's my voice , but I don 't remember it .

 I think it 's ...
 I think it 's ... some kind of mind control .
 I think he 's erasing my memory !

 Yes ?
 They what ?
 Um , we will talk about this later .

 Why wasn 't I consulted on this ?
 You 've been gone for over 8 month , Kieran .
 We got used to doing things on our own .
 This Klaus Mikaelson ,
 I don 't care who he is or what the rumors say .
 He needed to be taught a lesson .
 You are gonna start a war .
 I 'd like to see them try ,
 Oh , and , Kieran , this is the last time you call a meeting .
 Next time you want to criticize our leadership , send a damn e- mail .
 I thought you called this meeting .
 The hell we did .
 Actually , I called it . It appears I made a grave error during our earlier conference .
 My friend Marcel offered me wise counsel , and I failed to heed it .
 Hmm , well , I 'm glad to hear you 've learned your lesson .
 Oh , I won 't be making that mistake again .
 Marcel ?

 Shall we ?
 After you .

 There he is , our lone survivor .
 Such a sad day for our city , some of its best and brightest killed in a tragic boating accident on the Mississippi .
 Rather nasty explosion , I heard .

 What am I going to do with you ?

 OK . Hold up .
 I 've known Kieran for a long time .
 He 's smart , and he 's fair .
 He can do us more good alive than dead , not to mention he 's Cami 's uncle .

 Don 't see you care about much .
 It 's kind of hard not to notice when you do .
 Very well .
 Use this reprieve to remake your human faction .
 And how do you expect me to the mayor ?
 Well , surely , there 's a deputy mayor .
 Choose new leaders then we reopen negotiations .

 Wow , these wolves really travel in style , don 't they ?


 - Empty .
 - Behind on their payments , perhaps .
 Shall we proceed then ?
 Let 's not and tell Hayley that we did .
 Then you get to impress the girl , and I can go home . You know how hovels depress me .

 I 'm not trying to impress the girl .
 I should bloody hope you are . Why else are we out here ?

 Come on , Elijah .
 You 've fallen for her . Admit it .
 May do wonders for the stick that 's lodged up your enduringly stoic ass if you did .
 If I admit to you that it 's complicated , would that suffice , or are you determined to torment me throughout this endeavor ?

 Darling , we 're gonna have to stop meeting like this .
 This is how rumors begin .


 You can go now .
 Damn it !
 Perhaps I 'm not making myself clear here .
 This is a threat .

 In precisely 3 minutes time , your little hunting party will become the prey .
 Now , based on your recent failure to subdue my baby brother Niklaus , this despite are better than 100 : 1 advantage ,
 I recommend you heed my warning .

 Impressive .
 Well , I thought the situation demanded something a little dramatic .

 Who are you people ?

 I would say the better question --
 Is :
 Who are you ?

 To a united front .

 This act of yours , the imitation of friendship --
 Don 't get me wrong . You play the part well enough .
 I should know , having played it myself , but there was a time when the affinity between us was quite real .
 Oh , sure , and then you got it in your head to take what I created .
 When I picked up that coin , I swore loyalty , Klaus , not friendship .

 All right .
 I 'm holding up my end .
 The other one has to be earned . Fair enough .
 Then you should probably know the whole story .
 My decision was not entirely my own .
 If I didn 't agree to usurp your power , the witches swore to kill my unborn child .
 At first , the promise of an offspring meant little to me , but then I recalled my father , how he held me in contempt from the moment I was born .
 As yours did with you .
 I will not do to my child what was done to me , to us .
 All this -- the spying , the manipulation --
 That 's just something you were forced into .
 Is that it ? And what now , you feel kind of bad ?
 " Hey , buddy , it 's nothing personal . "
 Is that it ?
 I admit ...

 I was jealous .
 I saw the empire you created on your own without me .
 I saw it , and I wanted it .


 You 're wrong , you know . I didn 't do it on my own .
 I stood in the shadow of my father my entire human life , and I never would 've gotten out from under it if not for you .
 You 're the one who taught me that a man can 't be defined by anyone but himself .
 So ... what now ?
 This community that you 've built , you have their respect , their love .
 I can rule them , but I cannot win them , not without you .
 So rule with me side by side as equals ... friends ... brothers ...


 Those werewolves you ordered killed , that 's my family .
 Not for long , Luv .
 I mean , this so- called family of yours , they haven 't done you much good , have they ?
 You said it yourself .
 They abandoned you , left you on your own . Now it 's simply your turn to do the same .
 Maybe they had their reasons .
 Yes .
 Well , I have reason , too , little wolf .
 If the werewolves are dead , then the vampires have less desire to kill you .
 I am trying to keep you safe , not that you appreciate the effort .
 And as soon as I have this baby , what happens to me then ?

 Right . Well , lucky for me ,
 I have a little while before I find out , and in the meantime , I will find a way to pay you back for this .
 As long as I 'm in the family way , well , you can 't do a damn thing about it .




 What are you looking for ?
 My Violin .
 I must 've left it in the attic . So just go get it . I can 't .
 It 's not safe for me out there .
 , I was under the impression everyone was afraid of you .
 The witches are after me .
 You mean , that crazy witch Agnes ?
 Yeah .
 She tried to kill me , too .
 The thing is , she 's dead .
 Elijah killed her .

 But ...
 Agnes was the last living elder .
 If she 's dead , then I 'm safe .
 Marcel would 've told me .
 Maybe he didn 't want to lose his secret weapon against the witches .

 You 're lying .
 Why would I lie to you ?
 Because you want something from me .
 Everyone does .

 Do I want something from you ?
 Yeah , Davina .
 Actually , I do .
 Thanks to your friend , Marcel , most of my family is cursed .
 They 're stuck in their wolf form except on a full moon .
 Now , I 'm smart enough to know that every curse has a loophole , and , well ,
 You 're the strongest witch i 've ever heard of , but I wouldn 't lie to you to get what I want .
 I 'd ask you .
 I guess that 's the difference between Marcel and me .

 Looking for something ?

 I figured with you vacating , the attic would be a safe zone .
 Found this there .
 It was dangerous for you to come back , Josh . Yeah .
 Well , what are friends for , or whatever ?
 Hey , what did Hayley want ?


 Do you trust her ?
 I don 't know .
 Why ?
 She told me about a witch being killed ,
 An elder , but I don 't know --
 Oh , yeah . Crazy Agnes ? I heard about that .
 Elijah went all berserker on her crew .
 I guess it was super gross , just , like , heads and guts .

 What ?
 You hate the witches .
 Hayley was right . Marcel is just using me .


 Josh , I can 't stay here . I 'm not gonna be their puppet .
 You have to get me out of here .
 Ok , but where else are you gonna go ?



 Serves you right for your pathetic attempt to undermine my rule .
 Nik , listen .
 When I order werewolves to be hunted to extinction ,
 I expect you to stand aside and let the blood flow .
 How delightfully democratic of you .

 Do you recognize it ? Perhaps you don 't . It has been 1, 000 years since you last saw it grace the hand of our mother .

 The ring was in possession of one of the very wolves whose extinction you just ordered .
 So , naturally , I questioned him .
 He spoke of a legend , a legend wherein long ago , a chief of theirs had fathered a child to a very powerful witch .
 Their mythology further states this child , a son , was later transformed into something this clan had never before seen , something werewolf and vampire .
 Nik , we 're trying to make amends .
 We found remnants of your family , the bloodline of your true father , and we saved them from being slaughtered at the hands of the vampires you command .
 Niklaus , your ambitions have come before this family for far too long .
 I beseech you , please come home .
 What home , this pathetic substitute ?
 You see , despite all your doubts , all you attempts to thwart me ,
 I 've reclaimed our true home .
 I took back the entire city .
 You have the audacity to boast of your victory when the mother of your child remains your prisoner ?
 It all comes down to the pretty , little wolf , doesn 't it , brother ?
 Stop it , both of you . Even if this is what you say it is ,
 I have had enough of family to last me a lifetime .
 Why would I possibly want any more ?




 Ah , good . You 're awake . I have a favor to ask .
 I am saying prayers for the dead .
 I request a moratorium on favors for the king .
 Well , you 'll like this one .
 It involves helping people who need protection .
 And whom , may I ask , do they need protection from ?
 Me .
 You see , I recently ordered the slaughter of a group of vagabonds out in the bayou .
 Turns out , I may have been too hasty .
 Thing is , if the vampires find out I 'm protecting them , it won 't sit well .


 I think I can arrange something ... on one condition .
 For her own good , I believe it is time for my niece to leave town .














 You are tenacious . It 's one of the things I like most about you ...
 Klaus , you can 't keep --
 But you 're looking for truths you don 't want to find .
 Monsters better left as fiction .
 It 's time for you to leave this place , Cami ...

 For your own good .
 You are such a coward .
 This isn 't about me .
 You have kept me here for weeks just so someone , anyone , would see who you really are , and now that I have ,
 It scares the hell out of you , doesn 't it ?
 If you knew even a fraction of who I am , it would break you in two .
 Then show me .





 He 's a beast .

 Brother , please ,
 Don 't let them do this to me .
 Do it now , boy .
 Now !
 Help me .

 Oh , my God .
 No one should have to experience things like that .
 Knowing what you do about this world will only get you killed , and I cannot allow that .

 Leave New Orleans .
 Forget everything you 've learned here today .
 Forget me .
 You have no reason to stay .
 I have no reason to stay .




 Look .
 Things are good with your brother right now .
 He wants to run things with me as partners , but if we keep meeting like this behind his back --

 You said it yourself , whatever it takes to stay alive .
 Oh , this is about survival , is it ?
 If you were this pathetic a liar with my brother ,
 I 'm surprised he hasn 't killed you already .
 Come on , Rebekah .
 The only reward anyone ever gets from loving Niklaus is suffering and death .
 You 're choosing him over me , aren 't you ... again .
 Rebekah , I got people to look out for ...

 and Klaus is offering me a chance to do that .
 With Davina working her magic against the witches and an original by my side , that 's not something I can just turn my back on , not even for you .

 When you were reliving history with my brother , did you happen to revisit what came next in 1919 , or have you forgotten our little secret ?
 I know the words that will make him hate you forever .
 Remember that when you 're embracing your new family .



 Are they --
 They 're safe ...
 All of them .


 Thank you .

 What you did , Elijah , it means a lot .
 You should keep this covered .
 I will .
 If any of the others saw this --
 I promise .


 I should go .
 Right .



 Haven 't you had your fill of telling me all the ways
 I 've disappointed you , Elijah ?
 Well , there is something important we neglected to discuss .
 I accused you of having ulterior motives regarding the child .
 I was wrong .

 I 'm sorry .
 I imagine that must have been hard for you to say .

 You don 't make it easy to love you , brother .
 And yet you 're obstinate in your desire to do so .
 When you 're ready , should you be so inclined , both you and Rebekah , are welcome to join me here .
 It is , after all , our family home .




 Cami , I need your help .
 Marcel has been lying to me , and I can 't trust him anymore .
 I 'm sorry .
 Do I know you ?
 Oh , you 've been compelled . Ok .
 What are you doing ?
 It 's OK .
 I can fix you .
 I 'm really sorry , but this is gonna hurt .

