










0 0 : 0 0 : 3 1 , 3 6 3 - -&gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 3 2 , 7 8 1 ‎ Looking for something for you? ‎ No, thanks, I 'll take a look




‎ that still works
‎ You can plug it in if you want
‎ thank you







‎ How much is this?
‎ That?
‎ I can sell it to you for 30 bucks
‎ These three count me as 7 5, right?




‎ NETFLIX Original Series







‎ Yes, don 't worry about that
‎ The management committee will handle it, otherwise why pay the rent?
‎ What are you doing today?
‎ Detention center in the morning, court in the afternoon
‎ Also, I 'm finally having lunch with Howard‎ huh? ‎ see what he wants
‎ Hope is short and good, how about you?

‎ Yesterday was bad
‎ I 'll fix it today
‎ Sounds like a good plan‎ See you later


‎ Call up our initial research on location number 2 3 7 5

‎ Yes‎ Yes, all of them
‎ License Status, Cost, Estimation Form

‎ Are all digital?
‎ Ok, can you use presentation software?
‎ Very good, I will tell you what I want when I enter the company
‎ I should be there in 20 minutes
‎ I 'll talk when I get there





‎ Are you busy this week?

‎ Bail denied
‎ Not at all surprising

‎ Ok, let 's start from the beginning‎ Somehow you two don 't have a criminal record
‎ So I think I can get the prosecutor‎ to simply possess drugs
‎ We Can Put Responsibility For Felonies‎ On You For Hard Drugs
‎ Unfortunate dependence‎ but we will fight for drug rehab as part of probation
‎ Think beautifully, I hate detox
‎ Well, don 't make big mistakes because of small things, okay?
‎ I heard that there are some not-so-reputable institutions
‎ Even if you don 't show up, you will be given a drug detox certificate. You know this kind of place? ‎ For a little extra ‎ I think I can find this kind of place
‎ Well, because I don 't want to go to rehab
‎Whether you go or not‎ is a matter between you and God
‎ But you have to tell the judge that you 're going to ‎ and tell the truth, understand? ‎ - ok‎ - ok‎ The rest is a bunch of misdemeanors
‎ Includes graffiti, vandalism
‎ littering, urinating
‎ Nature is calling you, you have to respond
‎ Holding too long can lead to kidney stones



‎ Still, those misdemeanors add up‎ If I can help you get a combined sentence‎ it 's probably . . .
‎ 12 months in jail
‎ Well behaved plus prison overcrowding‎ May come out in five or six months
‎ And the lowest security prison
‎ like taking a cruise ship‎ only with less risk of drowning
‎ Please, five months?
‎ It 's taken from five years‎ If they insist on heavy punishment, it will be worse‎ Please‎ you stay in jail for a few months and do a little community service
‎ Maybe add a year of probation and you will be free‎ Brother Mawei, not bad?
‎ Well, we can take it
‎ That 's right
‎ Very good, then it 's only my fee
‎ OK, My Time‎ Court Costs, Prosecution Fees
‎ You will probably spend . . . ‎ 4,000 bucks all inclusive
‎ - what? ‎ - Hey, don 't play us like that
‎ What about 50% off?
‎ This is already 50% off‎ According to my normal price, it is 4,000 per person
‎ Dude, listen to him farting‎ They 'll help us prepare lawyers‎ for nothing‎ - free lawyers? ‎ - Public Defender
‎ Four thousand can buy a bunch of methamphetamine
‎ Sorry, free lawyer? ‎ You said you wanted free lawyers?
‎ We are just discussing options‎ Free is no money
‎ Have you ever heard of 'you get what you pay for', stupid?
‎ Without me, they 'll lock you up to death, and throw away the keys
‎ Excuse me, did I just say 'five years'?
‎ Go and play Russian roulette with the public defender‎
‎ You 'll end up locked up in Los Lunas for ten years
‎ Do you two kids know who I am?
‎ I 'm Sal Goodman
‎ okay? Do you think four thousand is too much?
‎ Yesterday I received 8,000 in one afternoon
‎ It can be seen how powerful I am, I am a master
‎ I would like to talk to you about how lucky you are‎ you know? ‎ - Please, don 't do this‎ - Yeah, sorry

‎ - we want to hear from you‎ - 100% sure
Confidential? Predecessor

‎ okay
‎ But we have to agree on what to pay
‎ - good‎ - good

‎ Before you give me more headaches
‎ No, you can 't pay me with stolen money


‎ The money is the prosecution 's evidence A
‎ So, any relatives? ‎ Has anyone been scammed by you?
‎ My grandma? Maybe‎ yes, she has a house
‎ - yes‎ - and cars or something
‎ Yes, grandma suits well
‎ My remittance information is on the back of the business card
‎ I 'm looking forward to hearing from her
‎ I 'm going out!









‎ I 'm sorry I 'm late, I 'm busy today
‎ It 's okay, I 'll introduce you to Judge Lawler, this is Jimmy McGill
‎ It 's actually Sal Goodman, I changed my name
‎ But Lawler? Are you a federal judge? ‎ New Mexico?
‎ Exactly
‎ I 'll say it ‎ Your hammering action is legendary
‎ Thank you?
‎ I 'm not arguing about your meal, Ian‎ I 'll talk to you another day next week
‎ goodbye
Good rice?
‎ - My flounder . . . ‎ - No cream, with steamed vegetables?
‎ Yes, I 'm used to eating
‎ Okay, I 'll deliver the order first, I 'll come back later to help you drink




‎ so
‎ Sal Goodman, may I call you Jimmy?
‎ Sal Goodman is my professional name‎ but my friends still call me Jimmy



‎ You can also‎ talk to me about Sal Goodman‎ What does it mean?
‎ I mean‎ he 's not Jimmy McGill, so who is he?
‎ What does he want to do?
‎ this
‎ Sal Goodman‎ is the last line of defense for the little guys
‎ You were dragged into the water?
‎He 's the life raft‎ You 're trampled, he 's the spike
‎ You meet the giant Goliath‎ Thrall is your slingshot
‎ He will set things right, he is the friend of the lonely
‎ That 's Sal Goodman

‎ What can 't Jimmy McGill do?

‎ Maybe he could‎ but that 's what Sal Goodman is
‎ I understand
‎ Is it?
‎ Yes, I understand why you changed your name
‎ Is that so?
‎ Hanlin Hanlin McGill Law Firm has wronged you
‎ Your last name is part of that company‎ Now it stinks, we stole your legacy
‎ - Say what you want, Howard‎ - No, I 've been thinking about it
‎ Did you know? we should hire you
‎ Don 't worry, that 's all in the past
‎ This is the chance you deserve
‎ When you lose your license or bring the Sandpiper Cross ‎ I can give you a chance
‎ Both times I should have had my guts ‎ That 's the right thing to do
‎ I 'm glad you 're sober, Howard
‎ that 's good


‎ let me speak clearly
‎ I 'm not interested in the past‎ I missed the opportunity to work with you‎ I think it 's time for a fix

‎ I want you to work at HHM





‎ So much happened between us‎ You want me to work for you?
‎ Seems to me it 's between you and Chuck
‎Listen, before you go to work with me, you might have to call your buddy, Cliff Mayne
‎ He has a unique perspective on hiring me
‎ It wasn 't a decision on a whim, Jimmy
‎ I 've been thinking about this for a long time‎ On the scholarship committee‎ You mentioned that young woman

‎ Christy Esposito‎ Yes, Christy‎ - yes‎ - you speak for her
‎ That got me thinking‎ about judging
‎ and honesty
‎ You taught me a lesson last year, you were right
‎ what did you say
‎ Howard, you don 't want to be surrounded by liars
‎ Then you may be in the wrong line
‎ listen, it 's easy for me
‎ You don 't wait for things to happen‎ You make them happen
‎ HHM thrives again‎ Talents like you are needed
‎ I can use you
‎ Desperate Charlie

‎ - Howard, I . . . ‎ - you don 't have to answer me right away
‎ Let 's enjoy lunch
‎ But do me a favor
‎ Think about it, okay?







‎ My car is coming
‎ Howard, this . . .
‎ thank you for lunch
‎ I 'll take the next one‎ Thank you for taking the time
‎ Nice to meet you, Jimmy







‎ ( hello )

‎ If you take a look at the kit
‎ will know exactly what we are talking about
‎ There are a lot of compliance issues in the Telephone Consumer Protection Act, but they are quite clear
‎ We asked the Federal Trade Commission‎ FCC, OSHA
‎ Wait until the project is complete‎ We can enable employees
‎ Exciting to expand into new areas
‎ Tucumcari Customer Service Center‎ The main basic requirements are met
‎ And stay within a budget‎ You know I love hearing that
‎ Ok, on to the next tab‎ There are some mortgage opportunities . . .
‎ Sorry, Peggy, about the call center‎ I think there is one more point to discuss
‎ - Xiaodai? ‎ - good
‎ We originally decided to put the call center on this land No. 1 1 0 2
‎ But I think I need to reconsider‎ Another land number 2 3 7 5

‎ 2 3 7 5 , Open space with flooding problems?
‎ Yes, that 's right
‎ We were worried about infrastructure
‎ But I asked Alice Amadeo of Parliament this morning
‎ She said the city recently raised all drainage along the wadi‎ and resurfaced a nearby 10-mile road
‎ This will not only speed up our projects, but also make the overall operation more efficient

‎ I think in the long run‎ these improvements will pay off‎ enough to offset any delays‎ and we don 't need a redesign
‎ Get back on track in two to three weeks, or less
‎ You mean we 're losing three weeks‎ swallowing the cost of already holding the land?
‎ I know this is not in my department‎ but by our own estimates‎ the land we already hold‎ will double in value in the next five years
‎ This would be a great investment
‎ Chance to turn Tucumcari‎ into a true corporate city of Mesa Verde‎ plus goodwill risk at 1 1 0 2 . . .
‎ Goodwill risk? Do you mean Alfred Ike? ‎ kicking someone out of his home‎ never looks good
‎ Xiaojin, I asked directly
‎ Is the land number 1 1 0 2 our land? ‎ Can we stand?
‎ Legally Yes‎ Well, then it 's fine
‎ I won 't be pushed away by anyone
‎ This guy wants to make trouble
‎ This is our land‎ We have the right to do whatever we want
‎ I agree
‎ The moving fee we charged him is already higher than that of his neighbors
‎ Xiaojin, thank you for your concern
‎ But we 're going to keep using the location number 1 1 0 2
‎ Turn on the light?
‎ Okay, let 's do it ‎ I just wanted to mention

‎ I 'll call the sheriff
‎ By noon on Friday, Ike will move out‎ The construction continues‎ Continue the mortgage I just said
‎ Our corporate clients are stable
‎ But if you want to go deep into the retail market
‎ When growing your business‎, you should open up some opportunities








‎ Dad, why are you here?
‎ This Thursday, it 's my turn
‎ Didn 't you get my text message? ‎ I called to ask if you wanted to come
‎ You never got back to me, so I called Emily here
‎ It 's okay, call her home, I 'll pay her for tonight
‎ Maybe this time you can skip it
‎ They are already playing with dolls
‎ I freaked her out, that 's all
‎ - You asked me to say sorry to her . . . ‎ - No, Kelly is fine
‎ Those things she forgot

‎ So what 's the problem?
‎ I love you, Dad
‎ But I think you should let Emily take care of her tonight

‎ I 'm fine‎ I won 't tell you I 'm fine if I have something to do
‎ What if Kelly mentions Maddie?

‎ I 'll be fine
‎ You 're thinking too much, I 'm fine‎ Why don 't you come over for dinner next week?
‎ We can cook the pork chops you like
‎ You 've been working so hard‎ You deserve a break
‎ Let you be yourself
‎ To be myself?
‎ you have something on your mind
‎ I don 't know what
‎ But you don 't come to Gu Kelly‎ I will be more at ease
‎ only tonight










‎ We are so busy‎ because there is a KISS band in the showroom
‎ Those who wear make-up and leather ‎ are in and out all night for snacks and beer
‎ Thank you, Mr. Harkness
‎ The person who robbed you at the time‎ was in court today?
‎ have
‎ Could you please point it out?
‎ it 's him
‎ Please note that the witness identified the accused Mr. Saki
‎ Thank you, Mr. Harkness
‎ You can ask questions, Mr. Goodman‎ Thank you for coming today, Mr. Harkness

‎ If possible‎ I would like to clarify some things in your testimony
‎ can
‎ You work at Sandia on the night of the 30th, right?
‎ I arrived at noon and left in the middle of the night‎ What a long day, so good
‎ There 's nothing wrong with a hard day 's work
‎ You said someone came in and reached over the counter
‎ I quote you as
‎ 'He grabbed money from my cash register and ran away'
‎ Yes‎ No one else was in the store at the time?
‎ There was no
‎ Because the monitor was broken at the time
‎ So you 're the only one who sees the intruder
‎ Yes, I think so
‎ good
‎ So this person came in and bought something
‎ - I remember it was chocolate almonds‎ - he bought chocolate almonds
‎ When you open the cash register
‎He just took the opportunity to grab the cash from the cash register‎ Sounds like it happened quickly, but you said you saw the prisoner, right?
‎ yes
‎ Your coffee must be stronger than mine‎ because you worked eleven hours
‎ I can 't see clearly, and it 's getting late
‎ It was only when he came into the store that night
‎ Not like everyone else‎ Dressed up as a bat or cat or whatever
‎ And he was standing right in front of me‎ Right in front of you?
‎ According to your testimony, you are very confident
‎ Can identify this person
‎ - You said so‎ - Of course I can
‎ It 's him, your client
‎ Are you sure it 's that person? ‎ You have no doubts? Think slowly I don 't need to think slowly, it 's him
‎ Mr. Harkness, will you be surprised?
‎ The person you just identified is not actually the defendant?
‎ - what? ‎ - My client sits in the back of the courtroom
‎ - Mr. Saki, please stand up‎ - against
‎ The man you identified is Hollis Erry ‎ He was the bartender in Belém
‎ He had sufficient alibi on the night of the incident
‎ - Your Honor, against! ‎ - Mr. Goodman! You don 't, do you?
‎ - You didn 't recognize him either, Your Honor‎ - All right, everyone be quiet

‎ Jurors, that 's it for today

‎ I will give you very clear instructions tomorrow
‎ As usual, please do not discuss the case until then
‎ Two lawyers please come to my office now
‎ withdraw from court









‎ - you 're still here‎ - yeah
‎ You saw a good show
‎ A bit unorthodox
‎ But what about the result?
‎ are the sweetest four words 'invalid trial'
‎ - Not bad, right? ‎ - not bad


‎ Are you okay?
‎ It 's okay, just . . .
‎ I have a case in Tucumcari‎ There is something I want to discuss with you








‎ The fryer looks clean, Dishan‎ You can get off work
‎ Good night, Tiffany, hard work
‎ Good work, Warners, well done
‎ Damn, I forgot to cover the fryer‎ It 's okay, I 'll cover it
‎ - thanks‎ - where
‎ See you tomorrow, Deschamps









‎ All right, Mr. Flynn?
‎ Is this acceptable to you?
‎ I think Dichamp did a good job

‎ I don 't see anything, this is . . .
‎ I understand

‎ After taking a closer look now . . .
‎ Yes, I seem to see . . .
‎ All right, I 'll take care of it, Mr Flynn
‎ - good‎ - sorry, sorry










‎ Who would put the handover point in a culvert? ‎ When it rains, your money goes to the Gran River
‎ So change the location during the rainy season
‎ culvert, strange word
‎ - Where do you think it came from, Dutch? ‎ - maybe French
‎ - Not French‎ - Spanish for sewer
‎ That . . . is not from Spanish
‎ Have you heard anyone talking about the big culverts in Spain?
‎ Who will talk about big culverts?
‎ The target is approaching, position 2 is on standby
‎ received, waiting

‎ There 's only one spot left, and that 's us
‎ - You think all three of them will go? ‎ - Molina 's intel is accurate so far
‎ As long as he doesn 't disturb the target‎ I think he will go back after collecting the third point



‎ Would you use that?
‎ Point to the bad guy, press the button
‎ Don 't miss out, Master Photographer‎ We need to catch this guy
‎ Position 2, found the target‎ Looks like he 's going in
‎ received
‎ culvert
‎ culvert

‎ crotch itch that sounds like Dutch
‎ When the target is moving, go to the third position
‎ Okay, keep your distance
‎ Byers and Waka, back 30 yards
‎ If I can see you, so can he
‎ Don 't make him nervous‎ Make him feel at ease and relaxed

‎ Like your mom 's date night, like your left hand every night


‎ Is that all right, Mr Flynn?
‎ You can go home, Lyle
‎ If it doesn 't work, let me try again
‎ I can do it right, please

‎ If you want to try again, just try
‎ thank you






‎ people come
‎ - Take off the lens cap, Gaomei‎ - Fuck you








‎ Damn, he found us?
‎ No, I think it 's fine
‎ Damn‎ Hey, the target has escaped, all units go to‎ Bobby Foster Road West‎ We are hunting






‎ - What are you doing? ‎ - ahead of him
‎ - Go to the brat 's destination‎ - You don 't know where he 's going!
‎ I have a hunch










‎ Federal agents! come out! ‎ Come out slowly! ‎ Show me your hands!
‎ hateful


‎ ( Lotion Fill Line)









‎ Shredder! ‎ What do you think, Gaomei? ‎ Let 's go explore the cave






‎ Well, I dumped them
‎ 690006, 690008
‎ 700,000 plus some fractions
‎
‎ We 're fighting crime tonight
‎ This is the consolation prize
‎Come on, we got the money‎ Caught those bastards who put it away
‎ Caught three people in total‎ and put Molina back‎ Who knows what else he will reveal? ‎ I want to look upstream, Gaomei‎ not look downstream





‎ Forget it
‎ Alright, everyone come here!
‎ Come over here!
‎ I would like to thank everyone for the successful action
‎ Interdepartmental work well together‎ Albuquerque police, you are top notch
‎ We caught three trash
‎ Even better, we got a lot of money‎, close to a million
‎ So tonight a big drug lord has a big loss
‎ All thanks to you
‎ To express my gratitude‎ Everyone go to O 'Neill, the first round I invite
‎ - Yay! ‎ - Yes! very good! ‎ Thank you all!


‎ - It 's okay ‎ - Where 's the money?
‎ Let them take it as planned





‎ - Mr Flynn, I was going to find you‎ - Thank you, Lyle, you can go home


‎ But . . . ?
‎ - Do you think it 's okay? Is it clean? ‎ - Acceptable


‎ Good night, Mr Flynn








‎ Who are you?
‎ Mr. Ike, my name is Sal Goodman‎ I am a lawyer
‎ I 'm fed up with you Mesa Verde scumbags‎ Get the hell out of me
‎ I 'm not representing Mesa Verde‎ I actually want to represent you, sir
‎ I don 't need nor want a lawyer‎ I won 't change my mind if you say anything
‎ - Get your feet off ‎ - Sir, I just want you . . .
‎ Could you please take a look at my proposal? ‎ Because I think you 'll find it convincing
‎ - I don 't want to ‎ - just have a look
‎ Look, what do you see?



‎ alone

‎ messing with a horse
‎ Sir, I hate Mesa Verde‎ They look down on us from the glass tower

‎ They think they can bully people as they please‎ Are we going to smile and say thank you?
‎ Think of me as that person‎ Mesa Verde is the horse
‎ I will try my best to kill them
‎ - Guess who has a new client in Tucumcar‎ - What?
‎ That 's right, take the beer to ice
‎ When I get back from where birds don 't lay eggs, we 'll celebrate
‎ Great, this is the best news I 've heard all day‎ How did you convince him?
‎ Visual aids, there are always surprises on the Internet‎ Eating Chinese food tonight?
‎ - ok, see you later‎ - bye
‎ (Tucumcari Customer Service Center Coming Soon! ‎ Mesa Verde Bank Trust)













‎ - What did you do last night? ‎ - did nothing
‎ - give me the lighter‎ - your girl is here
‎ You have to be nice to others
‎ - She fell ‎ - I keep telling you this
‎ - I got black eyes‎ - Alas, that 's not . . .
‎ That is . . .












‎ Dead old man!
‎ First kick free, asshole!





‎ Subtitle translation: ‎ Wu Yanzhen
