 Sheldon , you 're wrong .
 Wolverine was not born with bone claws .
 Howard , you know me to be a very smart man .
 Don 't you think if I were wrong , I 'd know it ? Okay , first of all ...
 Give it up , dude . You 're arguing with a crazy person .
 I 'm not crazy .
 My mother had me tested . Hey , guys .
 What are you doing here ? What do you mean ?
 It 's new comic book night .
 Yeah , but since you and Penny finally hooked up , we thought you two would be having bouncy naked yum- yum night . There 's more to life than sex , Raj .
 Okay , who had " Leonard flames out with Penny
 - in less than 24 hours " ? - I did .
 Nothing flamed out .
 We don 't have to have sex every night , you know .
 You don 't have to , but it 's highly recommended .
 Yeah , take advantage of that window of opportunity before it slams shut on your little dinky .
 It 's not a matter of opportunity . We 're getting to know each other . There 's a learning curve .
 What 's there to learn ?
 You get naked , do nasty things to each other , then somebody makes scrambled eggs and salami .
 Easy peasy .
 Perhaps what Leonard is obliquely referring to is the occurrence of some sort of sexual dysfunction . Okay , who had " Leonard gets a floppy disk " ?

 Oh , a clever -- albeit obsolete , euphemism for insufficient blood flow to the male sex organ .
 ( chuckles )
 Nothing like that happened , all right ? The sex was ... just fine .
 Just fine ?
 Oh , dude , the fourth Harry Potter movie was " just fine . " I 'm not saying it was bad .
 I 'm just saying it ... wasn 't great .
 Okay , when you say " it wasn 't great , " do you mean for both of you ? Because we can totally see it not being great for her .
 Am I right ?
 Oh , yeah .
 To tell you the truth , I think we were both a little -- I don 't know ... Disappointed ?
 Let down ?
 Ashamed ? Horrified ?
 Repulsed ?
 All I know is , it wasn 't the wa y I dreamed it would be .
 ( scoffs ) Sex is never the way Idream it 's gonna be .
 Because in your dreams you 're a horse from the waist down .
 Excuse me , Wolverine : Origin .
 Miniseries issue two , page 22 . Retractable bone claws .
 If you people spent less time thinking about sex and more time concentrating on comic books , we 'd have far fewer of these embarrassing moments .
 # Our whole universe was in a hot , dense state # # Then nearly 14 billion years ago expansion started ... Wait ! #
 # The Earth began to cool #
 # The autotrophs began to drool , Neanderthals developed tools #
 # We built the Wall # # We built the pyramids #
 # Math , Science , History , unraveling the mystery #
 # That all started with a big bang #
 # Bang ! # BBT S03E02 " Jiminy Conjecture " by Mikhel
 Sheldon , dinner 's here .
 SHELDON :
 Tandoori Palace ? No , we went somewhere new .



 You 're good- naturedly ribbing me , aren 't you ?
 No , look , Mumbai Palace . Why ?
 Why would we change ?
 We had a perfectly good palace .
 Tandoori Palace is our palace .
 Trust me , this will be just fine .
 ( scoffs ) You are the authority on " just fine . "
 ( snickering ) What 's that supposed to mean ?
 Yeah , exactly . " Not bad , but not great . "
 ( stifled chuckles ) What are they talking about ?
 Duh- duh- duh- duh duh- duh . I don 't know I know . As I 'm sure you 're aware ...

 If that 's Morse code , that 's terrible .
 As I was saying , you and Leonard had sexual encounter . a disap pointing
 Earlier this evening , Leonard characterized it as " just fine . "
 So what you 're seeing here is a continuation of the mocking that followed .

 Okay , yeah , well ,
 I 'm just gonna go eat my dinner elsewhere . Maybe an airplane headed for a mountainside .
 Penny , wait .
 Aah ! What is wrong with you ?
 ( door slams )
 I sense I may have crossed some sort of line . Yeah , you ...
 No , don 't tell him .
 Let 's see if he can figure it out .

 Ugh , I am so embarrassed !
 Please don 't be mad . What did you tell them ?
 Nothing bad , just that last night was fine .
 Fine ? You said it was fine ?
 Yeah , it 's a perfectly good word .
 You put it in front of " wine " or " dining , " and you 've really got something .
 Okay , well , let me ask you this : How was last night for you ? It was ... okay .
 Okay ?
 Yeah , it 's a perfectly good word .
 I mean , you put it in front of " dokay " and you really got something .
 All right , look , let 's not overreact , you know ?
 For a lot of couples , it takes time to get to know each other 's rhythms .
 Learn what the other person wants and likes .
 So , you 've been through this before ? No .
 Okay- dokay .
 You know , I think this is one of those things where talking about it is not going to make it better .
 Want a glass of wine ? So much .
 Okay . See , we should 've done this last night .
 You know , have a little wine , take the edge off .
 Actually , ethyl alcohol inhibits electrical conduction in the nerve cells and stimulates reuptake receptors of inhibitory neurotransmitters like gamma- aminobutyric acid .
 Don 't talk , just drink .
 No , you 're misunderstanding
 A shiksa goddess isn 't an actual goddess
 And we don 't pray to them .
 We prey on them . Whatever , dude .
 The point is , Leonard 's got one and you don 't . Is this it ?
 It was inappropriate to discuss Leonard and Penny 's sex life in front of Leonard and Penny .
 Oh , good !
 ( sighs with relief ) Now I can eat .
 ( cricket chirping )
 What 's that ?
 Sounds like a cricket . Hang on .
 ( cricket crping )
 Based on the number of chirps per minute and the ambient temperature in this room , it is a snowy tree cricket .
 Oh , give me a freakin " break .
 How could you possibly know that ?
 In 1890 , Emile Dolbear determined that there was a fixed relationship between the number of chirps per minute of the snowy tree cricket and the ambient temperature .
 A precise relationship that is not present with ordinary field crickets .
 How do you know what the exact temperature of the room is ?
 Under the terms of my roommate agreement with Leonard ,
 I 've had unilateral control of the thermostat ever since the sweaty night of " 06 .
 Okay , you were right about wolverine and bone claws , but you 're wrong about the cricket . Howard , don 't embarrass yourself .
 The science chirps for itself .
 ( chuckling ) :
 Humorous word play . No , no , not this time .
 I know insects , my friend .
 I spent many childhood years capturing them with nets , putting them in glass jars , sticking pins through them , mounting them on corrugated cardboard with Dymo labels underneath , identifying the genus and species .
 In Latin .
 Oh , dude , you are never getting a shiksa goddess .
 ( cricket chirping )
 Thatis a snowy tree cricket .
 Oecanthus fultoni .
 I was done with Latin by fifth grade .
 Okay , okay , tell you what .
 I am willing to bet anything that 's an ordinary field cricket . I can 't take your money .
 What 's the matter , you chicken ?
 I 've always found that an inappropriate slur .
 Chickens are not , by nature , at all timid .
 In fact , when I was young , my neighbor 's chicken got loose and chased me up the big elm tree in front of our house .
 . Chickens can 't climb trees
 Thank God .
 Okay ,
 I believe a chicken made you his bitch . But the cricket thing , I don 't buy .
 Bet me . Fair enough .
 What stakedo you propose ?
 I will put up my Fantastic Four number 48 , first appearance of Silver Surfer against your Flash 123 , the classicFlash of two worlds issue .
 All right , you have a wager .
 Hmm . Great .
 Now how are you going to settle it , hmm ? There is no way to determine the species of the cricket without examining it .
 ( cricket chirping ) ( chirping continues )
 I wonder what the non- pathetic people are doing tonight . ( cricket chirping )
 More wine ?
 Hit me .

 I don 't see anything .
 Shh !
 ( cricket chirping )
 Hallway .

 ( groaning )
 One at a time .
 ( deep growling )
 What was that ?
 My stomach .
 Indian food doesn 't agree with me .
 Ironic , isn 't it ?
 Shh !
 ( chirping resumes ) ( whispering ) :
 Elevator shaft .
 ( chirping )
 Help me open it .
 Are you crazy ? We can 't go down an empty elevator shaft .
 Fine , if you don 't want to proceed , then you forfeit the bet , and I 'll take possession of your Fantastic Four .
 Let 's open her up .
 Are you bothered that I can so easily manipulate you ?
 Don 't push me , Sheldon .
 I may be small , but I took kung fu when I was 13 , and I remember a good deal of it .
 Oh , really ?
 Well , I grew up with an older brother and a very contentious twin sister .
 And I believe I could easily best you in any physical confrontation -- be it noogies , swirlies or the classic " Why are you hitting yourself ? "

 Ooh , big talk from a man who was once treed by a chicken .
 ( both chuckle )
 What are we drinking now ?
 Peppermint schnapps .
 Why would you buy peppermint schnapps ?
 Because I like peppermint , and it 's fun to say schnapps .
 ( both laugh )
 Hey , Leonard ?
 What ?
 Schnapps .
 Schnapps .
 You 're right , that is fun .
 Be careful .
 SHELDON :
 If I were not being careful , your telling me to be careful would not ke me careful .
 ( cricket chirping )
 Stairwell . SHELDON : Uh- oh , flashlight went out .
 I need some batteries . Fellas ?
 Hello ?
 It 's really dark down here . ( vomiting )
 Oh , sweetie . You really can 't hold your liquor , can you ?
 I 'm okay .
 Just a little mouthwash , and then I 'm gonna rock your world .
 ( vomiting )
 Are you okay ?

 Ugh , Toby , what did you do in a past life to be so disgusting now ? His name isn 't Toby
 Toby is an absurd name for a cricket . What would you name him ?
 An appropriate cricket name .
 For example , Jiminy .
 All right , Sheldon , here we go .
 Kleingast 's Field Guide to North American Insects . Hey , Toby . Right here .
 See it ?
 The common field cricket , AKA Gryilus assimilis , which is Latin for " suck it , you lose . "
 Hang on .
 Voil ? . The snowy tree cricket .
 AKA Oecanthus fultoni , which is Latin for I 'll suck nothing .
 Of course I 'm joking because the Latin for that isnihil exsorbibo .
 That is not Toby , this is Toby .
 Raj , what do you think ?
 Oh , I really don 't care anymore
 God , I had the most horrible night .
 What happened ? Obviously another carnal fiasco with the shiksi goddess .
 Shiksa . Shik- sa .
 Forgive me .
 Yiddish was not spoken in east Texas .
 And if it was , it wasn 't spoken for long .
 Yeah , fine , whatever . The point is , you 're wrong again .
 We haven 't established that I 'm wrong once . All right . Tell you what .
 Let 's go down to the Entomology Department and let Professor Crley tell us what kind of cricket Toby is .
 He 's a snow y tree cricket , and his name is Jiminy .
 SHELDON :
 I bet I could throw a rock in this room and come up with three better friends .
 Holy crap .

 It 's like Silence of the Lambs down here . ( screams )
 Don 't do that !
 You 're such a girl . They 're just bugs . Yeah , well , I don 't like bugs , okay ?
 They freak me out .
 Interesting . You 're afraid of insects and women .
 Ladybugs must render you catatonic .
 It was a joke .
 I made it to lessen your discomfort .
 You 're welcome ( footsteps )

 ( chuckling ) :
 Don 't knock .
 Just walk in .
 Why be polite to the world 's leading expert on the dung beetle ?
 Excuse me , are you Professor Crawley ?
 Who wants to know ?
 I 'm Dr. Cooper from the Physics Department .
 Couldn 't wait , huh ? I 'm sorry ?
 I haven 't even packed yet , and you 're already measuring my lab for one of your godless laser machines .
 No , you don 't understand .
 We just want to ask you a question . Let me ask you one first .
 What 's a world renowned entomologist with a doctorate and 20 years of experience to do with his life when the university cuts off the funding for his lab , huh ?
 Ask rhetorical questions that make people uncomfortable ?
 ( sarcastic laugh )
 What 's your deal ?
 Are they planning to outsource my job to Bangalore ?
 I 'm from New Delhi .
 Maybe you should find another entomologist . No , no . We 're here .
 Let 's settle this .
 Professor , can you identify our cricket ?
 Of course I can .
 I can identify every insect and arachnid on the planet .
 Not that that 's going to keep me from having to move in with my daughter in Oxnard .
 And we 're not talking Oxnard at the beach .
 No ! We 're talking Oxnard in the onion fields .

 Well , could you look at Toby ?
 Toby ?
 What a stupid name for a cricket .
 Told ya .
 It 's a field cricket . Yes ! No , no , wait .
 Dr. Crawley , are you sure ?
 Young man , I 've been studying insects since I was eight years old .
 You know what they used to call me in school ?
 Creepy Crawley .
 Cruel as that may be , that is not in itself a credential .
 Let me show you something .
 See that ? That 's a Crawley 's dung beetle
 I discovered it after spending six months slogging through a Bornean rain forest , while my wife was back home shacking up with a two- bit ornithologist who lives on a sailboat and likes to wear boot- cut jeans !
 So , when I tell you that that 's a common field cricket , you can take that to the damn bank !
 Cause God knows I can 't


 Well , apparently , I was wrong .
 Congratulations .

 Enjoy Oxnard .
 I 'm sure your daughter 's looking forward to having you .

 Oh , hey , Sheldon .
 What you got there ?
 A new comic book ? Old comic book .
 I just retrieved it from my safe deposit box .
 What do you have a safe deposit box for ?
 Old comic books .
 I lost this to Wolowitz in an ill- considered cricket wager .
 What , do they have Wii cricket now ? That can 't be very popular .
 Penny , I 'd rather not talk about it .
 Well , if it makes you feel any better , I 'm not feeling so hot either .
 Why would that make me feel better ?
 I don 't know , empathy ?

 Anyway , I 'm just saying , that you 're feeling upset about something with Howard , and I 'm upset about something with Leonard .
 Yes , yes , the disappointing sex .
 That 's an inexac t parallel .
 You and Leonard can always return to being friends , whereas I can never return to a state in which Wolowitz has not bested me
 like Mrs. Riley " s chicken . What 's Mrs. Riley 's chicken ?
 A chicken that was owned by Mrs. Riley .
 Okay , forget the chicken .
 Well , I wish I could .
 No , no .
 You may be right about me and Leonard .
 Of course I 'm right
 What are the odds I 'd be wrong twice in one week ?
 No , I mean , we can always go back to being friends .
 I just said that . This conversation has started to circle .
 Meeting adjourned .

 Hello .
 Hey .
 What 's going on ?
 Oh , you 'd like to catch up on the events of the day .
 All right . Well , there was a half- hour wait at the bank to get into my safe deposit box ,
 I was forced to talk to Penny about your sexual problems , and , oh , yes , in a moment filled with biblical resonance , pride wenteth before my fall , causing my Flash 123 to goeth to Wolowitz .
 Wait a minute .
 You talked to Penny about our sex life ? Leonard , it astonishes me how you continually fixate on the trivial .
 I lost a bet to Wolowitz .
 Right , right .
 You 're saying you talked to Penny ?
 Ye- Yes . Interesting .
 Hardly .
 Excuse me .
 Have I crossed some sort of line again ?
 Little bit .
 Hmm .
 Ah , who cares ?

 Oh , hey .
 Hey .
 Uh , what did Sheldon say to you ?
 Not a lot .
 Just that we always have the option of going back to being friends .
 Is that what you want ? I don 't know .
 I mean , you have to admit things seemed simpler when we were just friends .
 I guess . It would take the pressure off .
 It would , wouldn 't it ?
 So , we 'll just be friends .
 Good .
 Good . Come here .
 Hmm .

 Okay- dokey


