0 0 : 0 0 : 0 3 , 4 5 0 - -&gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 0 4 , 4 7 0 Hurry up, hurry up, let 's go.
Let  ' sgo . We 're going to be late We  ' regonnabelate !
Interesting Fact The first time I almost died was at 9 years old F unfact - - the firsttime I almostdiedwasattheage ofnine .
And what about the murder weapon T hemurderweapon ?
Jimmy Dean Brand Sausage AJ immy D eansausage .
Mama Sheldon grimaces at me M om , S heldon  ' smakingfacesatme .
Sheldon S heldon !
- I have to say something for Mr. Dean - Baby - I nfairnessto Mr . D ean . . . - Honey !
That morning I decided not to enforce my 2 0 chewsperbite rule . . . thisonemorning , I decided toforgomynorma l 2 0 chewsperbite ,
Chew 20 times is recommended by the American Medical Association asprescribed by the American Medical A ssociation .
George come to help George , help !
It 's alright, my son, I 'll help you type it out C omehere , boy .
W e   g o t   i t .   W e   j u s t   g o t   t o   s m a c k   i t   o u t .
In any crisis in life my family members T ofurthercomplicatemat ters , inanyreal - lifecrisis , panic like headless flies and make things worse myfamily  ' sdefaultmodeismindles spanic .
Sheldon is going to die Sheldon is going to die S heldon  ' sgonnadie !
S h e l d o n ' s   g o n n a   d i e !
Or indifference to Orheartlessapathy.
Oh god Oh, Lord. It should come like this. Herewego.
T h i s   i s   h o w   y o u   d o   i t .
- Come on let 's shake it up - baby - Herewego.
A n d   w e   s h a k e .
- Hello!
It 's interesting the things you think about when your life is draining from your body when life is bbing from our body .
For example, what is the oil carpet? For instance, linoleum.
W h a t   i s   i t ,   r e a l l y ?
Is it plastic? What 's the difference between plastic veneer and Formiga?
A n d   i f   s o ,   h o w   i s   i t   d i f f e r e n t   f r o m   F o r m i c a ?
I called emergency help I  ' mcalling 9 1 1 .
And what about Count C hocula ?
How is he Earl Howisheacount?
Is his title territorial? Did the titlecomewithlan d?
George Heimlich , Heimlich !
Don 't hurt his little rib D on  ' thurthislittleeribs !
People say Theysay , in the final moments , your life will fly before your eyes before your life passes before y our eyes .
But all I see is my brother licking the jam knife A ll I sawwasmybrotherlickin gjellyofftheknife and then put it in the jam and puttingitbackinthe jar.
Well now Sheldon O kay , it  ' sbetternow .
S heldon ! Are you all right Honey .
to reyouokay?
Can you breathe, can you talk? Can youbreathe?
S a y   s o m e t h i n g !
You have to throw away . . . that jar of jam . . . . . Youhaveto . . . throwaway . . . thatjelly .
♪ No one in the world is stronger than me♪ ♪ No bodyelseisstrongerth an I am ♪
♪ Yesterday I moved a mountain ♪ ♪ Y esterday I movedamountain ♪
♪ I believe I can be your hero♪ ♪ I bet I couldbeyourhero ♪
♪ I 'm an amazing little guy ♪ ♪ I amamightylittleman ♪
♪ I 'm an amazing little guy ♪ ♪ I amamightylittleman ♪
Shelton
juvenile
I 've never been late for school I ' veneverbeenlatetoscho olbefore .
It 's not a problem that I 'm late all day I 'mlateallthetime.
I t ' s   n o   b i g   d e a l .
I send you to school on time every day why are you late I getyoutoschoolontimee veryday .
W h y   a r e   y o u   l a t e ?
Every morning there are many people who want to ask Ann I havealotofpeopletosay hitointhemorning .
Mom M om , could you write an explanation letter for me would you write a note for me ?
No problem Sure.
You have the coolest reason to be late You have the coolestexcus e .
You almost died did you see Jesus Youalmostdied .
D i d   y o u   s e e   J e s u s ?
I saw Count C hocula .
But you have to write about my near-death experience and I don 't mind Butfeelfreetomentionmy brushwithdeathintheno te .
Well, stop talking about being dead A llright , that  'senoughtalkaboutdeath and dying .
I was so close to having my own room I camethis close to having my ownroom .
The food donation activity ends this Friday Remember , thefooddriveends F riday .
Welcome to donate any canned food A llcannedgoodsarewelco me .
But please everyone donated cans have the contents marked Butplease . . . makesureyourcanshavel abels .
People in need have had enough of their lives, Needypeoplehaveenoughp roblems Don 't bother them with guessing what their dinner is withouthavingtoguessw hat  ' sfordinner .
Sorry for being late, I have a letter of explanation I 'msorry I 'mlate.
I haveanote.
Poor little one, did you have a medical emergency?
yes teacher i choked on the sausage Yes , ma  ' am .
I   c h o k e d   o n   a   s a u s a g e .
How big is Howbigwasit?
Such a big rootA boutyaybig .
Until today Today,
I still don 't understand what they were laughing at I stilldon  ' tunderstandwhytheywer elaughing .
You took my seat on You  ' resittinginmyspot .
Why is this your seat W hyisityourspot ?
It 's complicated. You just sit there. It 's scomplicated.
J u s t   m o v e .
- You 're reading a comic book - yeah - You  ' rereading acomicbook .
-   I   a m .
You know comics are for children, right Youdounderstandthosear eforchildren .
Have you read Haveyoueverreadone ?
I didn 't bother reading picture books when I was three. I outgrew picturebooks when I was three.
Eat your meal and it 's Justatyourlunch.
What 's up What ' sthematter ?
I don 't think I can eat this I - I don  ' tthink I caneatthis .
Do you want to exchange Youwanttotrade ?
My mother made me fish soup M ymommademefishsoupaga in .
How many years does our family have to live in this country before I getbaloney ?
Forget it M m , no , thankyou .
I am not hungry I  ' mnothungry .
I am not hungry I  ' mnothungry .
This phrase you will never hear in Vietnam Threewordsyouneverhear in Vietnam .
Say a good Well, here  ' ssomethingnice.
Do you know Mr. Youknowthat Mr. Rosenbloom with the furniture store over by the steakhouse near the steak house?
- don 't know- you definitely know- I don  ' tthinkso .
-   O h ,   s u r e   y o u   d o .
T hat Hebrewfellawiththecomb - over ?
Do you mean Jewish? Youmean Jewish?
They seem to prefer to be called Hebrew I think they like to becall ed Hebrew .
Closer to home A nyway , he invited me to dinner he  ' saskedmetodinner .
Well how did you answer Well , goodforyou .
W h a t ' d   y o u   s a y ?
I said I  ' dhavetothinkaboutit .
What 's there to consider What  ' stothinkabout ?
A lot. Well, alot.
If he had a good dinner I mean , assuming heenjoysdinne r , he might want to have a spoonful of grandma for dessert for his hemightwantascoop of Meemawfordessert .
Mom and kids are in Mom , thekids .
I said dessert I said dessert .
Did you know I was talking about sex? Didyouknow I wastalkingaboutsex?
don 't know No.
Do you see See?
Why don 't you eat W hyaren  ' tyoeating ?
I can 't do it I don  ' tthink I can .
Sheldon Sometimes different foods come together Sometimesthedifferentf oodstoucheachother , S heldon .
It 's no big deal, Nottheendoftheworld.
It 's not that I 'm afraid that I 'll choke again No o , I  ' mafraid I  ' llchokeagain .
O h , honey , that  ' snotgonnahappen .
Go eat your food quickly Go oahead , eatyourdinner .
What 's up with this choking What  ' sallthisaboutchoking ?
Sheldon nearly choked to death this morning.
- What- yeah- What ? ! - O h , yeah .
Dad picked him upside down and shook him like a ketchup bottle
But wonderful I twasgreat .
You gotta eat, babyW ​​ell , yougottoeatsomething , baby .
Eat a few bites of Justhaveafewbites.
No, it 's too risky. I can 't.
I t ' s   t o o   r i s k y .
I want D ibsonthetatertots for his potato balls .
All right, I 'll wrap it up for you first, I 'llwrapthatupforyou, if you 're hungry later you can eat andifyouchangeyourmin d, youcanhavesomelater.
At least drink your milk A tleastdrinkyourmilk .
Good S ure.
My parents saw M ymotherandfathersaw my young heart was traumatized and were patient with me that I  ' dbeentraumatizedandwe repatient also understood my fear of solid food and understanding about myfaarofeatingsolidfo ods .
This state lasted one more day T hislastedonemoreday .
Sheldon Lee Cooper you won 't eat your pork chops again Feed you andspititinyourmouthl ikeamamabird .
Go, Mom, go to Doit, Mom. Doit.
Mary , can I speak to youforasecond ?
Enough is enough The child has to eat No o .
E n o u g h   i s   e n o u g h .
T h e   b o y   h a s   g o t   t o   e a t .
It will be good soon Just givemeaminute .
Hurry up and eat Mr. Starteating , mister .
Would you mind giving it to me? Youdon  ' tmind , right ?
How about I cutthatporkchopoffthe bone and throw it into a blender with the gravy and threw itintheblende rwithsomegravy?
If I could suck it up with a straw I would drink I fitness through abendys traw , I  ' lldrinkit .
Get Comingup right away.
Why can he drink pork chop milkshake W hydoeshegetaporkshake ?
It 's all my fault. T hisisallmyfault.
That day I urged him to finish his breakfast as soon as possible. I rushed him through fast the other day,
Now you see him losing weight andnowlook-- heiswastingaway.
Don 't do this you can 't blame yourself Oh, comeon.
Y o u   c a n ' t   b l a m e   y o u r s e l f .
It didn 't last long. I remember a time when a bee flew into the house T hisisn ' tgonnalast.
R e m e m b e r   t h e   t i m e   a   b e e   g o t   i n   t h e   h o u s e
Has he slept under a net for months andhesleptunderanetfo racouplemonths ? This time is different T hisisdifferent .
- What 's the difference - First of all - How ?
- F irstofall , that bee is youletthatbeein you put in.
It 's your fault T hebeewasyourfault .
- Well - Next - O kay .
- S econdly , this time about his health thisisabouthishealth.
He is a thin little boy Heisafragilelittleboy .
He can 't not eat like this. He can 'tgoon like this. I 'm not arguing with you I 'mnotarguingwithyou.
Just . . . let 's just give him some more time. Let 's just, youknow, givehimalittlemoretime.
What are you doing Now what?
Sounds like your mom is making margaritas S oundslikeyourmom  ' smakingmargaritas .
What is he drinking What  ' sherinking ?
Pork Chops and Gravy Porkchopandgravy.
I also sneaked in some broccoli I snucksomebroccoliinth ere , too .
keep quiet Shh . . .
five weeks later
You 've recently started dating again I 'm so happy I 'mrealgladyou ' vebeengettingoutagain.
I am also Me , too .
We had a delicious dinner and took a walk. We ehdanicedinner, tookawalk.
Did you know he was divorced He  ' sadivorcee , youknow . I didn 't know I didn  ' t .
Not a big deal for that kind of person I t ' snotabigdealforthosep eople .
They have relatives who are lawyers if they are not lawyers Ifthey  ' renotalawyer , they  ' relatedtoone .
It belongs to the stereotype of being either a lawyer or a doctor accountant You remove the crust before you mix it You  'reactuallycuttingthec rustoffbeforeyoublend it ?
I didn 't cut it when I made the tuna sandwich yesterday. He said it was good to drink. I leftitonhistunasandwi chyesterday, hesaidhecouldtell.
Only drank half of Onlydrankhalfofit.
Mary, do you think it 's been long enough this time Mary, youthinkthishasgoneon longenough?
No trouble. No troubble.
But it would be better to have more than one blender Butit  ' dbebetterif I hadtwoblenders .
You 'd be better off getting used to him Be ebetterifyoustoppedco ddlinghim . I don 't know what else to do Well , I don  ' tknowwhatelsetodo .
I have suggested taking him to see a specialist I suggested that wetakehi mtosomekindofprofessional ,
But you say he won 't grow up like this butyousaidhe  'doutgrowit.
If you 're looking for a psychiatristW ell , ifyou  ' relookingforapsychiat rist ,
I dare say my new boyfriend has relatives doing this I betmynewfella 's relatedtoone.
What do you think Whatdoyouthink?
It 's not good to say No tsure .
If we take him to the psychiatrist I fwetakehimtoashrink , it feels like we admit he has a problem itfeelslikewe  'readmittingsomething ' swrongwithhim .
He hasn 't eaten solid food in five weeks. Hehasn 'thadsolidfoodinfiveweeks.
If there is something wrong with him Well, ifthereissomethingwro ngwithhim, it will certainly not be constipation itain ' tconstipation.
Well Okay.
See if you can find a doctor L et  ' sseeifwecan find somebody .
Thank you Thankyou .
Gotta add some Cheetos, Needsafewmore Cheetos.
My mom managed to find a family psychologist withinourpricerange that we can afford M ymother managedtolocat eafamilypsychiatrist .
No one seems to mind that he has a coupon acouponin The P ennysaver printed on Nooneseemedtobebothere dthathehad in Money Saving Weekly.
Is this person going to force me to eat solid food I sthismannamakemeea tsolidfoods ?
No he just wants to talk to you No o , hejustwantstotalktoyo uaboutit .
Did you tell him I have a lot of great things to accomplish in my life D idyoutellhim I havealottoaccomplishi nmylife I must not choke on sausages that are not chewed and cannotaffordtobeki lledbyanunchewedsausa ge ?
Said but used another way of saying Notinthoseexactwords .
Did you bring the coupon Didyoubringthecoupon ?
hello welcome hi .
W e l c o m e .
You must be the Cooper family Youmustbethe Cooperfamily . Yes Weare .
Great great Righton , righton .
You must be Sheldon T hismustbe S heldon .
Hold your paw Put  ' erthere .
No thanks No o , thankyou .
Great great Righton , righton .
Let 's do this first, Mom and DadO kay , well , here  ' show I  ' dliketostart . Momand Dad ,
You guys come and talk to me first then Sheldon whydon  ' tyocometalktomefirst , andthen , S heldon , you and I chat alone youand I havealittlerapsession .
Two Folks ?
Great great Righton , righton .
My comics you can read Feelfreetoreadanyofmyc omics.
You guys can sit on my beanbag chair as you like An ndyouguysfeelfreetosi tonmybeanbag !
Is 4 cents outrageous 40 cents ?
O u t r a g e o u s .
It 's fate. A sfatewouldhaveit, the comic I picked up was called X - M en .
Young mutants with super powers Youngmutantswithincrediblepowers are feared and misunderstood by the world whowerefearedandmisun derstoodbytheentirewo rld .
This story is about me Hey , it  'saboutme .
There 's one thing you have to knowN ow , the thingyouhavetounde rstandis
Shelly is a very bright kid Shellyisincredibly bright .
His IQ is comparable to Albert Einstein I mean , his IQ is rightuptherewith Albert E instein and that English wheelchair man [ Hawking ] and that E nglishwheelchairfella .
- Okay - he 's a 9 year old high school student - Cool .
- He  ' snineyearsoldandhe  ' sinhighschool , so you can 't treat him like an ordinary child soyoucan  ' tjudgehimlikeotherkid s .
- Got it- George- I heara .
- G eorge,
Tell him that Shelly always gushed about tellhimabouthowhe  'salwaysgoingonandon what aboutsubatomicparticl esandsuch of subatomic particles.
He could go on and on Oh, he  'llgettogabbin ' aboutit.
We 're used to him having all kinds of quirks and whimsy We  ' reaccustomedtohisquir ksandoddities .
But the B utthiswhole ' beingafraidofsolidfood ds ' thing , really stunned us it  ' sgotusthrown .
Let me start by saying O kay .
Letmejuststartbysaying you came to the right place youcametotherightplac e .
Sheldon and I happen to have a lot in common. S heldon and I happen to havealotincom mon .
I was also a special boy when I was little I , too , wasaspeciallittleboy .
In the fourth grade I was able to read the seventh grade books Inthefourthgrade , I wasreadingataseventhg radelevel .
I don 't even have to tell you how far I was in seventh grade. A nd I don  ' havetotollyouwhere I was bytheseventhgrade
Tenth grade Tenth .
I 'm going to sit in the bean bag I 'mgonnagivethebeanbaga whirl.
What are you watching Whatarey  ' allwatching ?
Little Rascals .
A series of short films from the 1920s-1940s focus on the adventurous lives of a group of community children
You know most of the kids in there are dead, right? Youknowmostofthosekids aredead , right ?
What What?
A lfalfa , S tymie , Buckwheat .
Is Petey the dog dead too? E ven P eteythedog ?
Oh , especially Peteythedog .
Thank you for turning this into a depressing film T hanksformakingitdepre ssing .
You 're welcome. You 're welcome.
Do you guys want to go for ice cream? Y 'allwanttogogetsomeice cream? What about dinner? What aboutdinner?
Leave it alone What aboutit ?
C o m e   o n .
Is ALF dead too? Is ALF dead?
'Fuck at Home' TV series from 1986-1990
Not yet but sooner or later will die No o , butit  ' sjustamatteroftime .
You won 't believe how many kids have food phobia You  ' dbesurprisedhowmanych ildrenhavefoodphobias .
- yes - yes when i was as old as shelton - i sthatso ?
-   O h ,   y e a h .   W h e n   I   w a s   S h e l d o n ' s   a g e ,
- Scared of the weird skin on the pudding - really - I wasafraidofthatweirds kinontopofpuddin  ' .
-   R e a l l y ?
Me too but as long as you put a layer of Sharon 's plastic wrap . . . Me , too .
Y o u   k n o w ,   y o u   p u t   a   l i t t l e   S a r a n   W r a p   o n . . .
George George .
Sheldon S heldon ?
Where did he go to W herethehelldidhego ?
Sheldon S heldon ?
Should not go far C ouldn  ' thavegonefar .
Why hynot ?
Great great Righton , righton .
I checked the bathroom and the stairwell I checked thebathroom , thestairs .
He is not in this building He  ' snotinthebuilding .
I 'm worried that no one at home is answering the phone I 'mworried.
Noone ' sansweringathome. Keep calm and we 'll find his Staycalm.

W e ' l l   f i n d   h i m .
When I was little . . . Youknow , when I wasakid . . .
Shut up S hutup .
Well Well . . .
I don 't often wander around the urban jungle alone I twasn  ' ttypicalformetowander outinto But I have a mission in theurbanjungleonmyown , but I wasonamission .
I had my first taste of serialized superhero es, King Kong comic book store I needed more and I neededmore.
Excuse me if you have X-Men #137 E xcuseme , doyouhave X - Men # 1 3 7 ?
I want to know the next story thanks I  ' dliketoknowwhathappen snext , please .
The box behind the corner Backbininthecorner .
How did you get here Whatareyoudoinghere? Hi Dan Oh, hello, Tam.
Didn 't you say comics are for children I thoughtyousaidcomicbo oksareforchildren .
I am a complex young I 'macomplicatedyoungman.
I think we should call the police. I think we should call the police. We can find him We don 't need the police.
We  'llfindhim . It 's all my fault T hisisallmyfault .
He ran away because we took him to see the psychiatrist Heranawaybecausewetook himtoatherapist .
That 15 dollars for the consultation fee we are going to get back T hat  ' s 1 5 dollarsweain  ' tgettingback .
Is this what you are worried about T hat  ' swhatyou  ' reworriedabout ?
No of course not No .
C o u r s e   n o t .

Sheldon will be fine. And Sheldon 'sfine. You also know his personality Youknowwhathe 'slike.
If someone really took him I fsomeonetookhim ,
Certainly can 't bear to send him back any time soon I 'msurethey 'llbringhimrightback.

I had a good time watching it but I have a problem with the onomatopoeia in it I  ' menjoyingthis , but I  ' mhavingtroublewiththe onomatopoeia . To what Thewhat ?
Onomatopoeia Theonomatopoeia .
The word Wordsthatimitatesounds that simulates the sound.
' Ka Dong ' ' Mouth Hu ' Ka T hoom .
SN ikt . 'Bang bang' BA mf.
Writers should not make up their own words W riters should  ' tmakeupwords .
'Onomatopoeia' is someone 's random word S omebodymadeup ' onomatopoeia ' .

You challenge me I like Y ouchallengeme . I like that .

Frozen queen
Grandma, will you have any more children? Meemaw, areyougonnahavemorebabies?
She is too old to give birth to S he  ' stooold to haveanymoreb abies .
Don 't give birth until you 're old enough D on  ' thavetohave  ' em .
Hair and teeth start to fall out yourhairandyourteeths tartfallingout ,
You start wetting the bed and you become a baby you start wetting the bed , you get tobeone . T hat  ' sfunny .
We 're going to put you in diapers later We  ' regonnahavetoputadiap eronyou .
I won 't be able to laugh until you help me wear it Youwon  ' tbelaughingwhenyou  ' redoingit .
But I might laugh I mightbe.

Grandma besides Sheldon, me and little George, who is smarter Hey, Meemaw, nextto S heldon, who  'ssmarter, meor Georgie? - Of course it 's me - why - Me, ofcourse.
-   W h y   y o u ?
My head is bigger M yhead  ' sbigger .
It 's okay to be big or small. I tdoesn 'tmatter.
Tonight is not about S heldon.
Yeah usually everything focuses on Sheldon Yeah , right . E verything  ' swaysabout S heldon .

Yeah most of the time Yeah . Mostofthetime ,
It 's like we don 't exist it  ' slikewedon  ' tevenexist .
Sheldon did get most of the attention. I guess S heldondoesgetmostofth eattention.
But maybe it 's a good thing, Maybethat  ' sagoodthing .
Where is the How ?
If not for him Well, ifitweren  'tforhim,
Your parents will definitely control the two of you strictly your parents should beony ourassallthetime . Also I never seem to have thought of Yeah from this angle .
I   g u e s s   I   n e v e r   t h o u g h t   a b o u t   i t   t h a t   w a y   b e f o r e .
Please if not have him Youkiddingme ? Rightnow ,
Your parents must be nagging you to clean your room right now they would benagging you about cleaningyourroom urging you to do your homework and doingyourhomework . But now you can sit in the parking lotInstead , you  ' resittinginaparkinglo t ,

Eating ice cream for dinner eatinga B lizzardfordinner . - also added cookie dough - yes - With cookiedoughinit .
-   E x a c t l y .
And Sheldon is stuck in a boring psychiatrist 's officeWhile S heldonisstucksittingi nsomeboringshrink ' soffice.
Mom said they were taking him to cut his hair M omtoldmetheyweretakin ghimforahaircut . Yeah Oh .
Y e a h .
Yes Right .
Then when he gets home, remember to praise him for his well-cut hair. Well, whenhegetshome, sayhishairlooksgood.
What 's up What?
It 's okayNothing .

Do you want a Youwantone?
No need No o .
That . . . Well . . .
If you want to eat you take ifyouchangeyourmind, helpyourself.
I didn 't have to read too many comic books I didn  ' thavetoreadmanycomicb ooks to understand that every hero has weaknesses to understand that every superherohadaweakness , red wax candy
Those weaknesses need them to lean on somethingtheyhadtoove rcome
Unparalleled courage to overcome throughanextraordinar yactofcourage.
For Cyclops it was F or C yclops , itwas the loss of Jean Grey . All X-Men characters were F or Rogue , itwashumantouch for Naughty.
For me it is Form, itwasfoodthatrequired chewing.
So if I 'm really a mutant too, I 'll have to get over it S oif I trulywasamutant , I would havetodothesame .
On this day I can 't be beat Onthisday, I wouldn 't bedefeated.
Because this day was the day I became Becausethiswastheday I became . . . The Chewer . . . T he C hewer .
Just like that, I overcamemyfearofchoki ng.
The only thing left is the fear of dogs A llthatwasleftwasmyfea rofdogs ,
bird insect bacteria birds , insects , germs , hugging button crotch pants hugging , buttonflypants , river pond lake ocean rivers , ponds , lakes , oceans ,
estuaries , corduroy , rootvegetables ,
squeakyballoons , tintedwindows ,
change tip box fireworks takeapenny , leaveapenny , fireworks ,
potbellystoves , dustbunnies ,
Fluff thatfuzzonpeaches on peach.
U g h .
It 's interesting that many of the villains in the comics are scientists What I findinterestingishowm anysupervillainsaresc ientists : Doctor Octopus ,
Doctor Doom Lex Luthor Doctor D oom , Lex Luthor ,
The Green Goblin list is long Green Go oblin , thelistgoesonandon .
So what S o ? So if the world doesn 't respect meS oiftheworlddoesn 'trespectme,
I might also blacken out I mightchangesides .

Miserable U h - oh .
Good luck G oodluck .

I tried to explain to my parents I tried to explaintomypar ents
A mutant named Cyclops thatamutantnamed C yclops , who shoots laser beams from his eyes whoshootslaserbeamsou tofhiseyes , he helped me eat a licorice candy helpedmeeatalicorices tick .
But they were completely unable to understand W entright over them .

