0 0 : 0 0 : 0 2 , 3 4 0 - - &gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 0 5 , 3 4 0 T helittlelightofmine - Gospel song
Once again it became the top of the list of the most popular dishes for a meal change, isceagainthehitofth epotluck .
- Awesome wife- I 'm sorry Pam- T hat  ' sgreat , honey .
- I feelbad for P am S taples . No one wants to eat her potato salad N oone  ' stouchingherpotatosal ad .
If you feel sorry for people then why are you laughing at I fyoufeelbad , then whyyareyoumiling ?
Because sometimes your mother is a hypocrite  ' C ausesometimesyourmomm y  ' sabigol  ' hypocrite .
How are you, Coopers? How are you today? Howdy, Coopers!
H o w   w e   d o i n g   t o d a y ?
- Pastor Jeff - Thank you Regards Pastor Jeff - Pastor Jeff .
-   T h a n k   y o u ,   P a s t o r   J e f f .
Do you remember my wife Selena Y 'allremembermywife S elena .
- hello salina - remember - Hi , S elena .
-   O h ,   y e a h .
Hello [Spanish] Quetal ?
Did you actually marry her You  ' remarriedtoher ?
What 's the matter? Why , yes , I am .
Some things you can think but you can 't say Youdon ' tneedtosayit .
Do you still like Medford Salina H owareyouliking Medford , S elena ?
Do you like Medford [Spanish] C omotegusta M edford ?
I 've never been so bored in my life [Spanish]
She likes S helikesitfine.
I 'm going to the toilet to smoke
She needs to go to the bathroom S heneedstousethelittle girls  ' room .
Mary , could I talktoyouforasecond ?
No problem Sure.
Don 't worry I 'll bring her back soon D on  ' tworry .
I ' l l   b r i n g   h e r   r i g h t   b a c k .
W ouldn  ' tworry , butokay . Okay O kay .
His Spanish is so bad. H is S panishisterrible .
She said nothing like that at all T hat  ' snotwhatshesaidatall .
I don 't know if you have heard I don  ' tknowifyou  ' veheard ,
But our church secretary butourchurchsecretary , Elizabeth Sohenki is going to receive treatment recently E lizabeth S ohinki , iscurrentlyseekingtre atment to deal with . . . it should be said foralittleproblemwith - - shallwesay - -
Illicit drug addiction under - the - countermedications .
So that rumor is true Oh .
S o   t h a t   r u m o r ' s   t r u e .
She does look neurotic all day Well, shedidalwaysseemextre melyalert.
Nervous, wobbly, sweaty anyway. Alert , shaky , sweaty . A nyway ,
We need someone to step up and take over her position weneedsomeonetostepin and filltheposition.
I don 't know if you are interested in considering I waswonderingifyoumigh tconsiderit . Not just bookkeeping I t  ' snotjustbookkeeping .
Also have to be responsible for all the repair work you know I 'dbeinchargeofhandling themaintenanceissues - - youknow ,
plumbing circuit and so on plumbing , electric , whathaveyou . and i also became the leader of the planning committee
Of course, it also includes the three major gifts which , ofcourse , includes thebigthree :
Baptisms weddings and funerals baptisms , weddings , funerals . The icing on the cake comes A ndhereisthecherryonto p.
The sign in front of the church with the punchline Thesigninfrontofthechu rchwithallthecleversa yings . . .
' Be an organ donor and give your heart to Jesus ' ' Beanorgandonor , giveyourheartto J esus ' ?
That 's right Exactly .
Guess who will be responsible for writing Guesswhosejobitwouldbe towritethose.
you Yours .
I have already started to think about a few A lreadyworkingonacoupl e .
Listen to this Listentothis.
'B 1 Best Vitamin for Christians' ' T hebestvitaminfora C hristianis B 1 .'

What the heck
Being a Christian is the best vitamin L ikebea Christian .
B 1 itself is also a vitamin A and also B 1 thevitamin .
It 's funny after listening to your explanation Well , nowthatyouexplainedit , it  ' sfunny .
Yeah this one needs to think a little bit about Yeah .
M ightbeathinker . But I still have an endless stream of punch lines Butthere  ' salotmorewherethatcam efrom .
Who takes care of the twins Whataboutthetwins?
I will still take them to school every day Well , I  ' llstillget  ' emofftoschooleveryday .
A ndwhen they gethome , my mom can help me take care of them till I get home M omcankeepaneyeon  ' emtill I getback .
Do you think she would agree with Thinkshe  'llgoforit ?
Does that mean my mom loves them to death? A reyoukidding?
S h e   l o v e s   ' e m   l i k e   c r a z y .
What a beautiful idea. F atchance. What are you doing? Oh, comeon.
What are you doing, my mother is at the peak of your life Youcomeon .
I  ' mintheprimeofmylife . I got my wateraerobics and mysalsadancing
There are also bowling leagues and mybowlingleague .
But you love your grandchildren B utyouloveyourgrandchi ldren . I love ice cream too but that doesn 't mean I loveicecream , too , but I don  ' twanttoeatit Monday to Friday from 3pm to 6pm 3:00 to 6 : 00 fivedaysaweek .
I am so disappointed in you Well , I  ' mvery disappointed .
I don 't care A nd I  ' mfinewiththat .
Why don 't you hire a nanny W hydon  ' tyoujustgetababysitte r ? Wouldn 't it be in vain for me to make extra money K indadefeats the purpose of making extramoney .
Oh , yeah , right .
Well I think A llright , let  ' sthinkaboutit .
What about little George G eorgie .
He has football practice.
And I don 't trust him even when I 'm at home A nd I don  ' ttrusthimwhen I  ' mhome .
Okay but what are we worried about here O kay , now , whatarewetalkingabout here ?
Sheldon is smart and responsible, S heldonisintelligentan dresponsible, and Missy. . . and Missy .
It 's his sister ishissister . I think they should be fine for a few hours at home alone after school I think they  'llbefinehomealone allbythemselvesforaco uplehoursafterschool .
- Do you think so - really - Youthink ?
-I do. And I think it 's good for them as well. A samatteroffact, I actually thinkit  'llbegreatforthem.
The children of this age are the flowers of the greenhouse Thesekidstodayaresocod dled ,
I think your generation I honestly thinky  ' allareraising the whole generation of sis sies .
Is it really appropriate for you to say that about your grandchildren I sthatthewayyouspeakab outyourgrandchildren ?
Yes . ♪ No one in the world is stronger than me♪ ♪ No bodyelseisstrongerth an I am ♪ ♪ Yesterday I moved a mountain♪ ♪ Y esterday I movedamountain ♪
♪ I believe I can be your hero♪ ♪ I bet I couldbeyourhero ♪
♪ I 'm an amazing little guy ♪ ♪ I amamightylittleman ♪
♪ I 'm an amazing little guy ♪ ♪ I amamightylittleman ♪
juvenile
Shelton
I am back Hi .
How did you talk to your mother How  ' ditgowithyourmom ?
She has no interest in taking care of the children S he  ' snotinterestedinwatching  'em .
Don 't want to give up her daily afternoon schedule Doesn  ' twanttogiveupherafter noons .
Not unexpectedly sorry Ofcourse .
S o r r y .
Forget it You ouknowwhat , it  ' sokay .
The timing was not right Thetimingwasn  ' tright . Maybe wait until the kids are older. Maybewhenthekidsareolder .
Good Okay.
I 'll make dinner. I guess I 'llgogetdinnerstarted.
How about this ?
You go and take the job Go oahead and take the job .
If you find Yeah after picking it up, ifitturnsout Sheldon and Missy can 't lookoutforthemselves Take care of yourself for a couplehoursafters chool,
that . . . then . . .
We 'll fix that problem when we 're there, well, we 'll crossthatbridgewhen wecometoit.
Are you sure A reyousureaboutthis ?
Yeah, it 's actually good for them too. Yeah.
Actually , probablygoodfor  ' em . Teach them to take responsibilityT each  ' emalittleresponsibili ty .
That 's what my mom said too T hat  ' sexactlywhatmymomsaid .
Is it Really ?
Well, I still like the idea. Well, I still like the idea.

Thank the Lord for T hankyou , God , for thisfoodwe  ' reabouttoreceive , for the food on our table, for nourishment andforthenourishmento fourbodies for our bodies, and for those who prepare this meal andblessthehandsthatp reparedit.
Amen A men .
Children S o , kids , our family has something to discuss wehavealittlefamilybu sinesstodiscuss .
- Are you pregnant - no - You  ' repregnant ?
- No.
- Are we going to have dogs - no - We  ' regettingapuppy ?
- No.
Then I probably won 't care about I 'mnotsure I care. Starting next Monday, starting next Monday, I 'll have a full-time job at church I 'mgonnatakeafull-timejobatthechurch.
Who will take care of us Well , who  ' sgoingtotakecareofus ?
nothing will change i will still make breakfast
Take you both to school and takeyoubothtoschool after school. Then, afterschool, you go home and start doing your homework you  ' llcomehome , doyourhomework ,
watch TV , playwithyourtoys
Wait till I get home around 6 o 'clock till I comehomearound 6 : 0 0 .
- because she 's not who you think she is . . . - George -  ' C auseshe  ' snotthepersonyouthink sheis .
- George . . . are you really going to leave the two of them alone at home? You  ' rereallygonna leave the setwoalone ?

Yeah Yes . Very bold choice T hat  ' sabravechoice .
Listen this job is important to your mother Look , this job is important toy ourmother .
We hope you will come forward and take responsibility for him We expect youbothtostepu pandberesponsible .
I can do it I candothat.
Missy Missy ?
I 'm thinking about I 'mthinkingaboutit. Very bold Verybrave.
Monday morning
Monday morning
Okay let 's do it again O kay , let  ' sgooveritonemoretime .
Housekey 'sundertheplasticowlby thefrontdoor.
Afternoon snacks in the fridge T here  ' safter - schoolsnacksinthefrid ge .
One for each of you .
The emergency contact number is written next to the phone E mergencynumbersarerig httherebythephone .
The first aid kit is in the hallway cupboard First aid kitis in the hall closet . Although you won 't use An ndyouwon  ' tbeneedingit ,
But there is a fire extinguisher under the kitchen sink butunderthekitchensin kisafireextinguisher.
It feels so interesting. O oh , that looksfun .
You can only use it when it 's on fire. For firesonly, anddon 'tbestartingonejusttou seit.
She seems to be able to read minds I t  ' slikeshecanreadmymind .
Don 't worry mom D on  ' tworry , M om .
We won 't let you down We 'llmakeyouproud.
I know you won 't baby I knowyouwill , baby .
Are you ready for your first day at work? A llsetforyourfirstday ?
It should be fine. I believe I am .
Go get  'em. Thank you for arguing with me. T hanksforwakingmeup.
I woke you up 4 0 minutes ago .
Well, you didn 't do a good job. Well, youdidn ' tdoaverygoodjob.
Goodbye everyone B ye , y  ' all .


O kay , yeah .
Y eah . Good bye Okay , later .
Sorry to bother Reverend Pepe Jeff. Is S orrytobotheryou , P eg , is P astor J effavailable ?
Jeff, are you free? Jeff!
Y o u   a v a i l a b l e ? !
On the phone Onthephone . He is on the phone He  ' sonthephone .

When my mother quit smoking Youknow , mymother  ' shadsomeluckcuttingba ckonthesmoking
Chewing nicotine gum is quite effective by chewing that nicotine gum .
chewing it Gotsomerighthere .

You have ah S oyoudo .
Please come in C omeonin . Go you heard him say G oon , youheardhim .

Thank you Thankyou .
Hello Mary Hey , M are .
Do you have everything you need U h , youfindingeverythingy ouneed ? Of course Oh , youbet . Tell you I checked the account S o , I  ' vebeengoingovertheboo ks ,
I think we have enough money to buy and I thinkwehaveenoughmone yinourbudget
a personal computer topurchaseapersonalco mputer
to handle all church business tohandleallthechurchb business.
Well Okay.
Why don 't you leave the paperwork here Well , uh , whydon  ' tyouleave the paperwork here , I 'll take a look and I  ' ll - I  ' lltakealookatit .
No problem Ofcourse.
Please review T hat  ' sforyourperusal .


No problem, E verythingokay ?
What What?
No problem, everything is fine. Yeah. Rightasrain.
That 's good A llrighty . If you are free Hey , ifyouhaveaminute ,
I want to talk to you about the sign in front of the church. I wouldlovetotalktoyoua boutthesignoutfront.
No problem Yeah, sure.

All goes well with S ofarsogood .


is anyone there hello ?
Is anyone at home Anyone ?
They 're really not kidding Theyweren  ' tkidding .

I 'll just take a peek. Maybe I 'lljusthaveonelittlepe ek.
Why don 't you eat your dim sum Howcomeyou  ' renoteatingyoursnack ?
I like to treat dim sum as a reward for doing my homework well I prefer mysnacktobearew ardforhomeworkwelldon e .
You are like an old man You  ' relikeanoldperson .
Thank you Thankyou .


What 's your homework What  ' syourhomework ?
Non-Euclidean geometry N on - E uclideangeometry .
How about you? 'Same word' 'S ymonyms .'
Is it synonyms Youmeansynonyms .
I 'm pretty sure the teacher said ' the same word ' I  ' mprettysureshesaid ' S ymonyms .'
Did you see Didyouseethat ?
Someone is outside Someone  ' south there .
Miserable came to our backyard Oh, no.
T h e y ' r e   i n   t h e   b a c k y a r d .
What should we do Whatdowedo?


Who of you go get me a towel W ouldoneofyoupleaseget meatowel ?



Why are you sneaking around outside W hywereyouneakingarou ndoutthere ? You scared us Yeah , youscaredus .
I came to see if you two are okay I wascheckinguponyoutwo .
if you guys care yes i was scared too A ndincase you  ' rewondering , you scared meback .
Then why don 't you knock on the door Well , whydidn  ' tyuknock ?
Because both of you should take care of yourselves B ecauseyoutwoaresuppos edtobedoingthisonyour own .
And you don 't think we can do it A ndyoudon  ' tthinkwecan . Of course I do. Ofcourse I do .
That 's what I told your mom I 'mtheonewhotoldyourmot her
You two can take care of yourselves thatyouwerefinebyyourselvesinthefirstplace.
Then why did you come to check Thenwhywereyouchecking uponus ?
It 's called being two - faced .
We 're all right We 'llbeokayonourown.
We also have to prove we can Y eah , weneedtoprovewecandot his . Well A llright .
I respect your hearts I respect that .
I am also happy to keep this little accident a secret for you A nd I  ' mhappytokeepthislittl eincidentasecret .
Is that what I 'm going to tell everyone Really ?
I ' m   t e l l i n g   e v e r y o n e .   太 好 笑 了   I t   w a s   h i l a r i o u s .
I 'm going bowling I 'mgoingbowling.

Everything was wonderful when we first started dating When we first started dati ng , everything waswaswonderful .
It 's really wonderful to be in a relationship. T hat  ' swhenitiswonderful . As soon as we got married, we all ran out of A lltheproblemsstartedo ncewegotmarried .
Marriage does cause problems in relationships Well , marriage will dothattoa relationship . I gave Salina a credit card I - I got S elenaacreditcard
Ask her to use tomakesmallpurchasesf orthehouse when shopping for household items.
For example coffeemaker vacuum cleaner Youknow . . . . . coffeemaker , Dust Buster .
Do you know what she 's up to Youknowwhatshedid ?
She ran to S hewentto that S harper I magestore
Bought a massage chair and sheboughtamassagec hair .
I also sat in the mall once Oh, I satinoneofthoseatthem all. Super comfortable I twasterrific.
$2,000. It 's $2, 000. After reading your account Oh.
W e l l ,   s e e i n g   a s   I   k n o w   h o w   m u c h   y o u   m a k e ,
I know you can 't afford this youcan ' taffordthat. I . . . I . . . uh - uh .
Among the dangerous ordeals of O falltheafflictions that all children can come across there is a king of danger that canbefallachild, onereignssupreme.
Beyond scraped knees and cut by paper Beyondscrapedkneesandp apercuts,
There is nothing to cause fear in the hearts of children around the world nothingstrikesfearint otheheartsofkidsaroun dtheworld
Can go beyond barbs like asplinter .
No No No o !


I 've been stabbed by a barb I 'vegotasplinter!
So what about S o ?
So this is an emergency S o , it  ' sanemergency ! Call grandma C all Meemaw ! Calm down Oh , calmdown .
- We can do it ourselves - We can 't - We ecantakecareofthis .
-   N o ,   w e   c a n ' t !
Sheldon , ifwecan  ' thandlealittlesplint r ,
They 'll never let us at home by ourselves again they ' renevergonnaleaveusal oneagain.
You are right You  ' reright .
So what should we do S o , whatdowedo ?
Let me see Letmeseeit.

Ouch is pretty deep Oh, boy.
T h a t ' s   a   d e e p   o n e .
It hurts badly Hey , it  ' sthrobbingreallybad .
Mom usually uses tweezers to pick it out M omwouldtakeitoutwitht weezers .
So where do we find tweezers Well , where would we find tweez ers ?
See what tools are here L et  ' sseewhatwegot . Bondi B and - A ids . . . Cottonballs .
What is 'Gauze' What 's 'G owz'? It 's gauze and you don 't even know what it is It 'sgauze, and the factthatyoudon 'tknowthat
It really put out the fire of hope a lot isnotfillingmewithhop e .

Where would Mum keep the tweezers W herewould M omkeepthetweezers ?
- She sometimes picks out barbs with a needle too - no - S ometimessheusesaneedl eonsplinters . - ? N o .
No needles are allowed. Nothing but needles is allowed. Noneedles.
A n y t h i n g   b u t   n e e d l e s .
Wait her makeup bag has tweezers Wait , shehastweezersinherma keupbag .
She used tweezers to pluck her eyebrows S hepluckshereyebrowswi ththem .
Sometimes she plucks her moustache A ndsometimeshermustach e .



Found Anything? No Nope.
Wait Wait.
Maybe in their room Maybethey  ' reinherroom .
We are not allowed in our parents ' room. We  ' renotallowedtogoin M omand D ad  ' sroom .
Do you want me to use a needle to help you pick W antmetogettheneedle ?

Let 's make a quick fight. Let 's make thisquick.
Why are you whispering W hyareyouwhispering ?
T hat  ' showpeoplespeakwhenth ey  ' rebeingnaughty .
I wouldn 't know that. I wouldn 't know.
 'Cause I 'm not good for a moment I 'm mnaughtyallthetime.



Are you really not coming in You  ' rereally not coming in ? Not coming in but you are doing well No o .
B u t   y o u ' r e   d o i n g   g r e a t .


what 's wrong What  ' swrong ?
This is really good. T hisreallyisnaughty.
I told you I told you .


I don 't see it I don  ' tseeanything .
Just saw a bible and a flashlight T here  ' sjusta B ibleandflashlight .
What should I do What do I do ?
Pick it up but keep your tone calm Answeritbutsoundcalm.

Hello Hello .
hello daddy Hey , it  's D ad . How are you two okay Howyouguysdoing ?
We are fine We  ' regreat .
That would be great G ladtohearit .
I 'm watching TV I  ' mwatching TV ,
Sheldon is reading quietly and S heldon  ' sreading quietly .
I knew you two were fine. I knew you could handle this .
- Dad 's proud of you - actually - I  ' mproudofyou . - Youknowwhat ?
We are also proud of ourselves I 'mproudofus, too.
Okay baby girl O kay , babydoll ,
I 'm home in a few hours I 'llbehomeinacouplehours.
It 's okay not to go home tonight we can stay allnight. We gotthis.
wha . . . i love you too W ha . . . Loveyou , too .

So nervous T hatwasintense .
I don 't think I 'm suitable for this kind of left-behind children 's life I don  ' tthink I  ' mcutoutforthislatchke ylife .
This time it 's your turn to pick you up at Youansweritthistime .
No I should be reading quietly now. I can  ' t ; I  ' msupposedtobereadingquietly .
To pick up Sheldon Answerit , S heldon .
I want to pick up or not to pick up Well, I 'mnotgoinginthere.
Hello this is Cooper 's house Hello. Cooperresidence.
I 'm Sheldonspeaking.
Shelly Hey , Shelly .
It 's you Mom Oh , hello , M om .
How are you today How  ' syourdaygoing ?


Shelly Shelly ?
Shelly Shelly are you there?
S h e l l y ?
Y o u   t h e r e ?
I am Yes , I  ' mhere .
She wants to know how am I today S hewantstoknowhowmyday  ' sgoing .
You can go back today, Sayit  ' sgoinggood .
I can 't say that. I can 't say that. Why Why? Because then the grammar is wrong. I t 'sbadgrammar.
So what should you say to H owareyou upposed to say it ?
'I 'm fine today' 'I t 'sgoingwell.'
You 're good. Oh, that  ' snice.
I have to keep working I 'vegottogetbacktowork , but mommy loves you and missyouvery much .
Good Okay.
I handled it very well I handledthatreallywell.

Are you free? Go otaminute? Yes, please come in Sure, comeonin.
I want to apologize to you I justwantedtoapologize .
It 's not right for you to listen to me confide in these personal worries I - I twaswrongofmetounload mypersonalbusinessony ou .
And it 's your first day at work. Hereitis , your first day and all .
It 's alright Oh, that  ' sfine .
I would love to hear people talk about Alwayshappytolendanear .
That 's good because I haven 't said all of it yet. Great ,  ' cause I didn  ' ttellyoueverything . Really? You 've said a lot. Really ?
' C a u s e   y o u   t o l d   m e   a   l o t .
This morning I T hismorning , while S elenawasintheshower , while Salina went to bathe ,
I rummaged through her purse and got the credit card back I went through herpursean d I took the credit card . Oh my god Oh , my .
Do you think this is stealing or am I doing the right choiceN ow , doyouthinkthat  ' sstealing , orisitdoingtherightth ing ?
Save us from bankruptcy and stuff like Youknow , savingusfrombankruptc yandwhatnot ? It 's kinda complicated. Wow. U m , yeah , that  ' scomplicated
It should be wrong about going through her purse U m . . . goingthroughherpurse - - probablywrong ,
But from another angle . . . butontheotherhand . . .
No other angle. . . well, thereisnootherhand.
You can 't do this kind of thing You can ' tbedoingthings like that and then want to have a normal marriage and haveahealthymarria ge .
Why don 't you talk to her W hydon  ' tyoujusttalktoher ? Tell her about your financial situationE xplainyourfinancialsi tuation ?
Well this . . . T hat . . .
Are we closing the door now? Oh, we  ' reclosing the door now, okay.
It 's a little difficult to talk to her T hat  ' snotsoeasy . Because of the language barrier B ecause of the language bar rrier ?
In addition to that T hat , and I implied , when weweredating ,
I hinted that I was . . . quite wealthy that I was . . . well - to - do .
Pastor Jeff how could you do such a thing Oh , Pastor Jeff , whywouldyoudothat ?
You 've met her too, Yousawher .
She is the kind of U h , sheisthekindofwoman who makes one want to do bad things thatcanmakeamandobadthings .
I don 't know what to say about this . . . Well , I . . .
I   d o n ' t   k n o w   w h a t   t o   s a y   t o   t h a t .
Maybe you should pray Maybeyououghttoprayoni t .
You are right You  ' reright .
You are absolutely right You  ' reabsolutelyright .
I 'm going to I 'lldothatnow.
I will also pray I 'lldothesame.
Thank you T hankyou . Lord please give me strengthGo od , pleasegivemethestreng th



Let me not say Pastor Jeff 's super big gossip tonotspreadthisjuicyg ossipaboutP astorJeff.
Amen A men . What are you doing What are youdoing ?
'My Robot'
I have to lie after reading quietly lest I  'mreadingquietly , so I don  ' thavetolieaboutitlate r .
Found Found  ' em .
Tweezers? T hetweezers?
M om  ' sneedlesandhermagnify ingglass .
Absolutely not A bsolutely not .
Let me try it anyway Letmeatleasttry . No No No . Don 't act like a gutless kid You  ' rebeingababy .
What you say I won 't change my mindN othingyoucansaywillch angemymind .If the wound gets infected and starts to turn green Whatifitgetsinfectedan dturnsgreen
In the end only amputation and theyhavetocutitoff?
I think I should be paralyzed I thinkit  ' snumb .
Great, putyourhandout.
Wait, how are you going to sterilize the needle Wait, how doyouplanonsterili zingtheneedle?
Mom always burns a match with a matchM omusesalitmatch .
Children are not allowed to play with matches We  ' renotallowedtoplaywit hmatches .
So what 's the use of Whatelsewouldwork?
Alcohol Alcohol .




Put your finger in S tickyourfingerinthere .
I 'm in charge of sterilizing the needles I 'lldotheneedle. Well hope I don 't get drunk O kay.
I   h o p e   I   d o n ' t   g e t   d r u n k .
How long does it take to finish sterilization? Howlongtillyou  ' resterile ? Don 't know I don  ' tknow , but I 'm starting to get a little dizzy but I  ' mgettinglightheaded .
No matter what happens, don 't move N omatterwhathappens , holdstill .





I can 't I can 'tdoit.
- You can - No I can 't - Yes , youcan . - No , I can  ' t . Just let me pick Justletmegetit .
What if you slip a needle into my eye What ififyouslipandstabme intheeye?
I don 't swipe I  ' mnotgonnaslip .
You think about who wins every time . . .
W h o   a l w a y s   w i n s   w h e n   w e   p l a y . . .
Come back soon Brightback.
In 1989 the Bradley Company In 1989 the Milton Bradley Company
Released many board games haddozensofboardgames onthemarket ,
But only one you can play as a doctor butonlyonewhereyouwer ethedoctor
A glowing warning red nose witharedlight - upnose,
1 3 plastic body parts for player to remove 1 3 plasticbodyparts forpl ayerstoremove
and most importantly a real tweezers and , most importantly , onepairofgenuinetweezers
completed a real surgery achildren  ' sboardgame ,
And I bravely sat still while I bravely satverystill.


Maybe you can say that there were two heroes that day in our family. I guess you could say there were two heroes that day .





- I 'm back - We 're in the living room - Hello ?
- I nhere . Why does the kitchen smell like whiskey?
Ask her Askher .
Oh my goodness Oh , dear Lord !
You won 't be surprised until you hear what I did to grandma Waittillyouhearwhat I didto Meemaw .
