 Countess of Morcar 's , thanks .
 My God , she 's back .
 She 's getting out of the carriage .
 Come on , Ryder ,
 get a move on .
 All right . Get moving . All right .
 Her ladyship won 't want workmen under her feet .
 All right , I finished , don 't worry , quick job , like you said .
 Oh , yeah , yeah , nice , nice .
 Countess , eh ?
 Have to get by appointment only ...
 Come on , lad , out .
 All right .
 Over there will do .
 Here , for the three of you .
 Thank you , milady , and a Merry Christmas , milady .
 Ring for tea , Cusack . 
 Yes , milady .
 I need something to sustain me .
 I do find preparing for Christmas quite an ordeal .
 Yes , milady .
 And then , a bath , I think .
 Milady .
 The blue carbuncle , the blue carbuncle , it 's stolen .
 Open them up , there .
 Oh , John , she 'll love it , it is beautiful .
 Just like her mother .
 But can we afford it , though ?
 I told you , I made a nice little bob or two lately .
 Even if I hadn 't , it 's Christmas .
 You 're a good man , John Horner .
 I 'm a lucky man , a wife and kids like I 've got , means as good as a king .
 So , it 's the doll for the girl , and the boat for the boy , right ?
 Right .
 Spending the loot already , are we , Horner ?
 What do you mean ?
 I 've done nothing , what do you mean ?
 John Frederick Horner ,
 I hereby arrest you on the charge of stealing the valuable gem known as the blue carbuncle , the property of the Countess of Morcar .
 Anything you say ...
 I didn 't do it , I tell you , I didn 't do it . ... the men at the hotel gave a very good description of you .
 Constable , I didn 't do it , I tell you ,
 let me go , will you , I didn 't do it .
 Oh .
 Mr. Holmes ?
 Mr. Holmes ?
 Mr. Peterson , the commissionaire from Upasit ...
 Oh , please , go away . ... he 'd like a word with you .
 Oh .
 I 'm sorry to disturb you , Mr. Holmes .
 Peterson , put down your goose , and your , your hat .
 It 's a fine purchase ,I myself favor a goose for Christmas dinner .
 Well , that 's part of the problem ,Mr. Holmes , 
 the bird is not mine .
 You might say , I come by it .
 Oh , " for Mrs. Henry Baker , "
 and obviously , not your hat .
 No , sir .
 Well , there were peculiar circumstances , and I didn 't know what to do for the best .
 It hardly seemed a matter for the police .
 So I talked to the wife about it , and she suggested I come and see you .
 The wise Mrs. Peterson .
 Sit down , my dear fellow , and describe these peculiar circumstances to me .
 Well , sir , it was like this .
 Last night I was on my way home from a little , uh , celebration .
 Well , at this time of the year some of us commissionairs meet to -
 To wish each other the season 's greetings .
 Exactly .
 The season 's greetings .
 Oh , you 're a top , sir .
 Your good health , sir .
 Well , as I was saying , I was on my way home when I came across what you would only describe as a frakel .
 Oy , what 's happening ?
 Blimey , it 's a copper , ... get out of here .
 get out of here .
 I 'm trying to help you , man .
 Well , the roughs ran off in one direction , and the drunk fellow ran off in the other .
 I tried to stop him , but he no doubt thought
 I was a constable about to apprehend him for the breaking of the window .
 And so you left with the spoils of victory in the shape of that battered hat , and a most unimpeachable Christmas goose .
 Both of which I would willingly have returned to their rightful owners , Mr. Holmes , but the truth is , I didn 't know how .
 My dear Peterson , I do see your problem .
 Anyway , as I say ,
 I discussed the matter with the good lady , and we decided that I would bring both the goose and the hat to you , Mr. Holmes , seeing as how even the slightest of problems is of interest to you in your particular line of occupation .
 I hope you don 't think I 'm wasting your time , Mr. Holmes .
 Not in the least .
 Now then , Commissionaire , 
 have you purchased your own bird ?
 No , not yet .
 Then I suggest that you carry off this goose so that it may fulfill its ultimate destiny , 
 while I retain the battered hat of the unknown gentleman who has lost his Christmas dinner .
 Well , if you think I should , Mr. Holmes . I do , indeed .
 For there are signs , in spite of the frost , that this bird should be prepared without unnecessary delay .
 Well , if that 's all right , Mr. Holmes .
 I will of course , keep you in touch with the developments .
 Very good , sir .
 Oh , uh , may I wish you the complements of the season .
 And to you and your good wife .
 But you still haven 't found the jewel .
 Not yet , no , milady , 
 but we do have the man , Horner .
 Or have a clue as to its whereabouts .
 And I think we may assume that he had one accomplice , if not more .
 Well , what of that ?
 Contrary to popular fiction , milady , there is very little honor amongst thieves , and even less with the right inducement .
 Inducement , do you mean a reward ?
 Uh , yes .
 Why should I offer a reward ?
 In my experience , and it is considerable ,
 I have found that the offer of a reward would very soon set the greedy cat amongst the criminal pigeon .
 Well ?
 I should be very surprised if I did not gain a result within 24 hours .
 How much ?
 Holmes ? Oh , you 're up .
 The Countess of Morcar is offering a thousand pounds for the return of the blue carbuncle .
 Inspector Bradstreet of B Division is in charge of the case , 
 and has arrested Mr. John Horner , a plumber , age 36 , who protested his innocence in the strongest terms .
 Circumstantial evidence was so strong that the case has been referred to the Assizes .
 Horner , who showed signs of intense emotion during the proceedings , faded away at the conclusion and was carried from the court .
 Oh , excuse me , you are engaged .
 I am interrupting your study of that hat .
 No , no , no , the matter is a perfectly trivial one .
 But there are points in connection with it which are not devoid of interest , even of instruction .
 I suppose that homely as it looks , that thing has some deadly story linked to it that is the clue which will guide you in the solution of some mystery and the punishment of some crime .
 No , no , no , no , it is just one of those whimsical little instance that will occur when you have four million people jostling each other within the space of a few square miles .
 So , what do you gather from that battered old felt ?
 You know my methods .
 What do you yourself gather as to the individuality of the man who has worn this particular article ?
 It was accompanied by a goose , Watson .
 " For Mrs. Henry Baker , " was printed upon a small card attached to the bird 's left leg .
 Well , apart from the initials inside ,
 H. B. , presumably Henry Baker ... ... I can see nothing .
 On the contrary , Watson , you can see everything , but you fail to reason for what you see .
 You are too timid in drawing your inferences .
 Then , pray , tell me what it is that you can infer from that hat ?
 That the man is highly intellectual is , of course , obvious .
 And also that he was fairly well- to- do within the past three years , although now he has fallen upon evil days .
 He had foresight , but less now than formerly , pointing to a moral retrogression , which , when taken with the decline of his fortunes , seems to indicate an evil influence , probably drink .
 This may account also for the fact that his wife has ceased to love him .
 My dear , Holmes .
 He has , however , retained some degree of self- respect , and now he leads a sedentary life , is out of training entirely .
 He 's middle- aged , has grizzled hair which he has had cut within the last few days , and which he anoints with lime- cream .
 It is also highly improbable that he has gas laid on in his house .
 Well , now you are certainly joking .
 Not in the least .
 Well , I have no doubt that I am very stupid .
 For example , how do you deduce that the man is intellectual ?
 It is a question of cubic capacity .
 A man with so large a head must have something in it .
 Well , the decline in his fortunes , then ?
 These flat brims with the curled edges came in three years ago .
 It is a hat of the very best quality , Watson .
 Look at the band of ribbed silk and the excellent lining .
 If this man could afford so expensive a hat three years ago , and has had no hat since , then he has assuredly gone down in the world .
 What about the foresight and the moral retrogression ?
 Ah , here is the foresight , these securers are never sold upon hats .
 If this man ordered one , it is a sign of a certain amount of foresight ,
 since he went out of his way to take precaution against the wind .
 But as you see that he has broken the elastic and has not troubled to replace it , a weakening nature .
 Mmm .
 The further points , 
 that he is middle- aged , 
 that his hair is grizzled , 
 that it has been cut recently , 
 and that he anoints it with lime- cream , 
 can all to be gathered by an inspection of the lower part of the lining , Watson .
 Witness the moisture , obviously a free perspirer , therefore , not in the best of training .
 But his - his wife , you said she had ceased to love him .
 This hat has not been brushed for weeks .
 When I see a man with a week 's accumulation of dust upon his hat , and his wife has allowed him to go out in such a state ,
 I fear that he has been unfortunate enough to lose his wife 's affections .
 He might be a bachelor .
 Nay , but he brought a goose as a peace offering to his wife .
 Remember the card attached to the bird 's leg .
 Yes , well , you have an answer to everything .
 Just a minute , just a minute ,
 how do you deduce that there is no gas laid on in his house ?
 One tallow candle stain , or even two , might come by chance ; 
 but when I see , Watson , no less than five , he never got candle stains from a gas jet , Watson .
 Are you satisfied ?
 Well , it 's all very ingenious .
 Mr. Holmes , the goose , the goose , Mr. Holmes .
 Well , what of it , man , has it come back to life and flapped off through the kitchen window ?
 No , no sir , no sir , but see , see what the wife found in its crop .
 By Jove , Peterson , this is a treasure- trove indeed .
 You know what you 've got ?
 A diamond , a precious stone . It cuts glass like it was putty .
 It is more than a precious stone .
 It is the precious stone .
 The Hotel Cosmopolitan robbery , the blue carbuncle .
 indeed .
 And your reward , Peterson , of 1000 pounds is not within a twentieth of its market price .
 A thousand pounds , oh , Lord have mercy .
 You must admit , Watson , that my deductions in regard to this hat have suddenly assumed a more important aspect .
 Yes , point taken , Holmes .
 Now , the question for us now to solve is to trace the sequence of events from a rifled jewel case at one end , to the crop of a goose at the other .
 There is the stone .
 The stone came from the goose , the goose came from Mr. Henry Baker , the gentleman with the shabby hat and all the other characteristics .
 So , now , we must set ourselves very seriously to finding this gentleman , and to ascertaining what part he had to play in this little mystery .
 Found at the corner of Goodge Street , a goose and a black felt hat .
 Mr. Henry Baker can have same by applying at 6 : 30 this evening at 221B , Baker Street , clear and concise .
 Yes , very , but will he see it ?
 Well , I 'm sure he will keep an eye on the evening papers , for the poor man , the loss was a heavy one .
 Oh , Peterson , uh , just nip down to the advertising agency and have this put in all the evening papers .
 Which , one , sir ?
 The Globe , Star , Pall Mall , St. James 's Bissett , Echo ,
 Evening News , Standard , and all the others that may occur to you .
 Right away , sir .
 And the stone ?
 I shall keep the stone . Thank you , Peterson .
 Yes , sir .
 Oh , and Peterson , uh , would you pick up a goose on your way back ?
 Give him the money , will you , Watson .
 We must have something to give Mr. Henry Baker to take the place of the one which your family will very soon be devouring .
 Oh , thank you , sir .
 A thousand pounds ?
 Um , what , uh , will you do with the stone ?
 I shall keep it in my museum .
 Well , Horner ,
 Her Ladyship is not at all pleased with me .
 You might be under lock and key , but she 'd rather her blue carbuncle was .
 Never took it Inspector ...
 Well -
 Tell me what you did with it , and , uh ,
 I 'll put in a good word at your trial .
 But , if you don 't -
 I 've been on the straight for years , ever since I married Jenny .
 If you don 't , and when the judge hears about your previous conviction , you might never see your pretty wife again .
 I 've got you , Horner , but I need that jewel .
 It 's a bonny thing , just see how it glints and sparkles .
 Of course , it is a nucleus and focus of crime , every good stone is .
 They are the devil 's pet baits .
 In the larger and older jewels every facet may stand for a bloody deed .
 It was found in the banks of the Amoy River in southern China ,
 and is remarkable in having every characteristic of the carbuncle , save that it is blue instead of ruby red .
 This stone is not yet twenty years old .
 In spite of its youth , it already has a sinister history .
 There have been two murders , a vitriol- throwing , a suicide , and several robberies brought about for the sake of this forty- grain weight of crystallized charcoal .
 Who would think that so pretty a toy could be a purveyor to the gallows and the prison ?
 Come in . 
 Mr. Henry Baker , I believe ?
 Please , draw near the fire .
 It is a cold night and I observe that your circulation is more adapted for summer than for winter .
 Do sit down .
 This is my friend and colleague , Dr. Watson .
 How do you do , sir ?
 Mr. Baker ...
 is that your hat ?
 Oh , yes , oh , it is undoubtedly my hat .
 Thank you , sir .
 I would have advertised its loss but shillings have not been so plentiful with me as they once were .
 I had no doubt that the gang of roughs who assaulted me had carried off both my hat and the bird .
 I did not care to spend more money in a hopeless attempt at recovering them .
 Yes , well , of course , that is very understandable .
 Oh , by the way , about your bird , we were compelled to eat it .
 To eat it .
 It would have been of little use to anyone had we not done so .
 But we have another goose upon the sideboard there , which I presume will answer your purpose equally well .
 It is about the same weight , and perfectly fresh , as you can see .
 Oh , yes , most certainly .
 Of course , we have kept the feathers , legs , crop , and so on of your own bird , if you so wish .
 It might be useful to me as relics of my adventure , but beyond that I can hardly see what use the disjectamembra of my old acquaintance could possibly be to me .
 Oh , no , sir , with your permission ,
 I - I shall confine my attentions to the excellent bird which I perceive upon your sideboard .
 I would be interested to know where the other bird came from .
 You see , I am somewhat of a fowl fancier , and I have seldom seen a better grown bird .
 It would be of great interest to me to know precisely how it came into your possession . 
 It was the club , sir , the goose club .
 The goose club , the exact circumstances ?
 I - I am not a rich man , as you may see , sir , 
 but I make a humble living , and a respectable one , if I may say so , in the British Museum .
 Studying ?
 Studying , you might say , and helping others with their studies .
 I - I have a certain knowledge of books .
 That day , sir , I had finished work early and left the museum in the afternoon .
 I had a little business to attend to before calling in at the Alpha Public House .
 Several of us who work in the museum frequent that establishment , and this year our good host ,
 Mr. Windigate , had instigated a goose club , by which , on consideration of some few pence each week , we were to receive a bird at Christmas .
 There we are , Mr. Baker , a very fine bird , as promised .
 Magnificent specimen , indeed , landlord , eh .
 Put you back in the wife 's good books , eh ?
 Well , she is still somewhat irked with me , I 'm afraid .
 Things may doubtless improve when I am once more in gainful employment .
 Oh , an academic nature , of course . 
 I have expectations .
 Well , I owe you one last payment of eight pennies , eh .
 Struck it rich , have we , Mr. B ?
 I chanced upon an acquaintance of sympathetic disposition , I , that is to say ,
 I sold some of my books .
 Oh , not your books , Mr. Baker .
 Needs must , Mr. Windigate , and at this season of the year more than ever , 
 we must not deprive those we love , or even those to whom we are married .
 And so , if you will set aside this impressive peace offering ,
 I shall fortify myself for the fray with a large glass of whiskey , and a pint of your most excellent beer .
 Merry Christmas to you .
 Same to you , Mr. Baker .
 Well , sir , on my way home
 I was attacked by the gang of roughs , who I believed had stolen the goose .
 My hat came off in the scuffle .
 I - I remember little of it , save that a uniformed officer appeared on the scene and we all made off .
 Yes , of course , we quite understand .
 In the circumstances .
 Well , all is well that ends well .
 I am most indebted to you , sir , for your trouble .
 A scottish bonnet , I fear , is fitted neither to my years nor to my dignity .
 My complements of the season to you , sir .
 And to you , too , sir .
 Oh , thank you , sir .
 Oh , uh , by the way , do you have gas laid on in your house ?
 Gas , alas , no .
 Jolly good . Merry Christmas .
 And to you both , gentlemen .
 Well then , so much for Mr. Henry Baker .
 He obviously knows nothing of the matter . Ah , Mrs. Hudson .
 Watson , do you need nourishment ? 
 Not particularly .
 Splendid .
 Mrs. Hudson , we shall turn dinner into supper , 
 and we will follow up this clue while it is still hot .
 Which is more than the supper will be .
 Good evening , gentlemen , and a very cold one .
 It is , indeed , landlord , it is indeed .
 And what shall be your pleasure ?
 Beer , Watson ? What ? Oh , yes , splendid .
 Two of your very best glasses of beer .
 Right away , sir .
 Your beer should be excellent if it is as good as your geese .
 What geese ?
 We were talking , um , half an hour ago to a Mr. Henry Baker , a member of your goose club . Yes .
 Yes , but you see , them 's not our geese .
 Whose , then ?
 Well , I got the whole two dozen from a salesman in Covent Garden .
 Who might that be ?
 Name of Breckinridge , a purveyor of the finest quality .
 Mind you , if it 's a bird you 're after , I 'd get to him as soon as poss .
 Oh , it 's a very busy time of year , as you 'll appreciate .
 Well , thank you so much for your advice .
 Will you have a glass of beer with us , landlord ?
 Well , God bless you for a gentleman .
 Now , for Mr. Breckinridge .
 Can 't it wait ?
 Watson , we have been given a line of investigation which has been missed by the police , and which a singular chance has placed in our hands .
 Now , let us follow it out to the bitter end .
 Extremely bitter. Faces to the south , then , and quick , march .
 Please . I want to believe you , John , I do , really , 
 but I can 't argue with what the police is saying .
 But they 're only saying that cause I was there on the day .
 It was an odd job .
 Is that really the truth ? 
 I promised when I married you ,
 I 'd never tell you a lie .
 I kept my promise , always will .
 I want to believe you .
 Uh , good evening .
 Good evening .
 Sold out of geese , I see .
 Yeah , I 'll have five hundred in the morning .
 Too late , I think . See the stall over there with the gas fire , try him .
 Yes , but I was recommended to you .
 Oh , who by ?
 The landlord of the Alpha Public House .
 Oh , yeah , he had a couple of dozen off me .
 Very good geese , too . 
 Where , may I ask , did you get them ?
 Here then , mister , 
 what exactly are you driving at ?
 Come on , let 's have it straight , now .
 It 's straight enough . 
 I simply want to know who sold you the geese that you supplied to the Alpha .
 Well then , I 'm not gonna tell you , so now .
 It really is of no matter , but I fail to see why you should get so warm over a trifle .
 Warm , you 'd be as warm if you were as pestered as I am .
 When I pay good money for a good article that should be an end of it ; 
 but it 's where are the geese , who have you sold them to , how much will you take for them ?
 You would think those were the only geese in the world , the amount of fuss that 's made over them .
 Well , I can assure you that I have no connection with anybody else who 's made inquiries .
 Inquiries , it 's more like the inquisition .
 I 'm not telling you .
 Ah , well then , the bet is off .
 What bet ? What bet ?
 Well , I 'm always ready to back my opinion on the matter of fowls , 
 and I have a fiver with my friend here that the bird that I chose is country bred , right , Watson ?
 What ?  Oh , oh , oh , yes , yes , absolutely .
 Ah , you 've lost your money then , cause it 's town bred .
 It is nothing of the kind .
 I say it is . I don 't believe you .
 Come on , pay up , Holmes .
 What , do you think I wouldn 't know , me , who 's been handling fowl since I was a nipper ?
 I 'll tell you , all the birds that went to the Alpha were town bred .
 You 'll never make me believe that .
 Come on , come on , do the decent , Holmes .
 Will you have a bet , then ?
 I 'll be just taking your money , 
 but I 'll have a sovereign with you , just to teach you not to be obstinate .
 Done . Right .
 Now then , Mr. Cocksure , you see these here books here , well , this is a list of all the folk what I buy off .
 Now , on this page is all me country folk , 
 and these on this side in red ink are all me town suppliers .
 Now you read out that third name down to me .
 Mrs. Oakshott , 117 Brixton Road .
 Yeah , account number 249 .
 Go on , then , turn it up in the ledger .
 Mrs. Oakshott , egg and poultry supplier ?
 Now , what 's the last entry ?
 Twenty- four geese at seven and six pence , sold to Mr. Windigate of the Alpha Public House .
 So , what are you gonna say now ?
 What about this gentleman 's fiver ?
 Well done , Holmes .
 Shall we see this Mrs. Oakshott tonight ?
 Oh , no , not you again , I 've had enough of you .
 Listen , I 've told you before , clear off .
 But the thing is , there were two gray- headed geese .
 Now , listen , I 've had enough of you and those geese . I wish you was all at the devil together .
 If you come pestering me any more with your silly talk
 I 'll set the dog on you . 
 Now , look here , Mrs. Oakshott told me -
 You bring Mrs. Oakshott here , and I 'll answer her , 
 but what have you got to do with it , eh ?
 Did I buy the geese off you ?
 No ; but one of them was mine all the same .
 Well , you go and ask Mrs. Oakshott for it . She told me to ask you .
 You can ask the King of Prusia , for all I care .
 I 've had enough of this .
 Go on , get out of it .
 This may save us a trip to Brixton .
 Excuse me , but I could not help overhearing the conversation you had just now with that salesman .
 I think I can be of assistance to you in this matter .
 Yea , who are you ?
 My name is Sherlock Holmes . It is my business to know what other people don 't know .
 But you could know nothing of this .
 On the contrary , I know everything of it .
 I know that you are trying to find out the whereabouts of some geese sold by Mrs. Oakshott , of Brixton Road , to our friend , Mr. Breckinridge , over there .
 Who in turn , sold them to Mr. Windigate , of the Alpha Public House .
 Sir , you 're the very man I have longed to meet .
 I can hardly explain to you my interest in the matter .
 Then I suggest that we carry on this conversation in rather more comfort .
 Cab .
 Come in , take my chair .
 I will just put on my slippers .
 I think we should know the name of the gentleman whom we have the pleasure of assisting , don 't you , Watson ?
 John Robinson .
 Oh , no , no , no , no ; your real name .
 It is so awkward doing business with an alias .
 Well then , uh , my real name is Ryder , James Ryder .
 Yes , Mr. Ryder , upper attendant at the Hotel Cosmopolitan .
 Yes .
 And I suppose you would like to know what happened to these geese , or , rather , one goose , in particular , white , with a gray head ?
 Oh , sir , can you tell me where it went to ?
 It came here . Here ? Sadly , it is no longer here .
 But it laid an egg after it was dead - 
 the bonniest , brightest little blue egg you have ever seen .
 Come , come , I have it .
 The game is up , Ryder .
 Bear up , man , you 'll be in the fire .
 And what a wretched little shrimp it is , to be sure , there 's enough blood in him for felony .
 I have almost every link in the chain , Ryder , you need tell me very little .
 Catherine Cusack put me up to it .
 Her Ladyship 's maid . Exactly .
 You knew from local gossip that Horner had been concerned in some such matter before .
 So what did you do , you made some small job in milady 's room , you and your confederate Cusack .
 You then managed that Horner should be sent for .
 But you , you stole the jewel , then you raised the alarm and had this unfortunate man arrested .
 For God 's sake , Mr. Holmes , have mercy .
 Think of my father , think of my mother , it would break their hearts .
 I mean , I never went wrong before , I never will again .
 I swear it on a Bible .
 Oh , don 't - don 't bring me to court , Mr. Holmes .
 For God 's sake , don 't do that to me .
 Get back into your chair .
 It is very well to cringe and crawl now , but you thought little of the man that you sent to the dock for a crime of which he knew nothing .
 I 'll fly , Mr. Holmes .
 I 'll leave the country .
 Then the charge against him will break down .
 We 'll talk about that later .
 Now tell me , how came the stone into the goose ,
 and how came the goose into the open market ?
 Tell me the truth , now , for that is your only hope of safety .
 I 'll tell it to you just as it happened .
 I thought it was best to get away with the stone as quick as I could , for I didn 't know at what moment the police might not take it into their heads to search me and my room .
 There was nowhere in the hotel where it would be safe .
 So , I went out , as if on some commission , and made for my sister 's house to think things over .
 Why , Jim , whatever is it , you look terrible .
 I had a bit of a turn , Maggie . There 's been a robbery at the hotel .
 You 'd better come in .
 I went into the back yard where she kept the geese , smoked a pipe , and wondered what it would be best to do .
 I remember that my stomach wasn 't gonna stop feeling like a bag of ferrets till I found somewhere to hide the stone for a while ,
 when suddenly , I looked at the geese , which was hissing and huddling in the corner of the yard .
 My sister had told me that I might have the pick of her geese for a Christmas present .
 I picked out one of the birds , a fine thick one with a gray head .
 I pushed the stone down its throat as far as my finger could reach .
 Then I thought all my troubles was over , when ...
 Whatever are you doing with that bird , Jim ?
 Uh , you said I could have one for Christmas , so I was just feeling which is the fattest .
 We already set yours aside -Jim 's bird , we call it .
 Uh , if it 's all the same to you , Maggie ,
 I 'd rather have that one I was handling just now .
 Well , that one is a good three pounds heavier , we fattened it up expressly .
 Never mind .
 I 'll take the other , and I 'll take it now .
 Just as you like .
 Which one is it ?
 It 's that gray- headed one in the middle . Oh , very well . 
 Kill it and take it with you .
 I did what she said , Mr. Holmes , 
 and I carried the bird to my pal , we got a knife ,
 and we opened it up , my heart turned to water , 
 there was no sign of the stone , and I knew some terrible mistake must have occurred .
 Where have they all gone ?
 To the dealer 's .
 Which dealer 's ?
 Breckinridge , of Covent Garden .
 Tell me , just tell me , was there another one which had a gray head ?
 That 's right , two ,
 I could never tell them apart , I couldn 't .
 Well , what 's the matter , what 's all the hurry ?
 I ran as hard as my feet would carry me to this man Breckinridge ; 
 but he had sold the lot , and not one word would he tell me as to where they had gone .
 I 've gone mad .
 And now I 'm a branded thief , without ever having touched the wealth for which I 've sold my character .
 God help me .
 God help me .
 Get out .
 What ?
 Heavens , bless you , sir .
 No more words .
 Get out .
 I must confess , Holmes , to being a little surprised .
 I am not retained by the police to supply their deficiencies .
 Maybe I am committing a felony , but I may be saving a soul .
 Send him to jail now , you make him a jailbird for life .
 Listen , after all , it is the season for forgiveness , come .
 Midnight .
 Merry Christmas , Holmes .
 And to you , my dear friend . Just a minute .
 Holmes , I cannot contemplate eating while John Horner is still on remand .
 Do you suppose that Bradstreet or one of his colleagues might still be at their desks ?
 You 're quite right , Watson , come , let 's go .
