What a magical nail polish, see if you can cover up the 'pig feet' that my dad inherited from me
Twice only S heldon
I just want to turn the thermostat up 2 degrees!
Let me teach you how to turn water into steam
Yeah we don 't live in a kettle
This temperature is clearly written in the roommate agreement and you agreed to it at the time
go to his roommate agreement
You don 't have the right to scold the roommate agreement. The roommate agreement scolds you.
Die to hell and help them set the thermostat
I don 't need to go to hell
It 's 73 degrees and I 'm already in hell! (about 23 degrees Celsius)
Who?
- Leonard - wait a minute
Can I borrow you a sofa to sleep on tonight?
try
Did you hear that too?
Apparently one wants to adjust the thermostat and the other becomes a nagging lunatic
So you agree, he 's a lunatic
No one who chooses to live with him is crazy
believe it or not he used to be crazier
I don 't believe it
you are too naive
Just like me 7 years ago
I just arrived at this university
Excuse me, what floor does Sheldon Cooper live on?
Come and see the apartment for rent
- That 's right - run away buddy
what? !
how far away
Now that I think about it, this is the first hint
Season 3 Episode 22
Sheldon 's last roommate warned you to leave?
I thought he was crazy
who made him look confused
He lived with Sheldon for a while.
It makes sense now
Anyway, I went upstairs and knocked on the door.
What 's up ?
Dr. Cooper ?
I 'm not that lunatic living across from
In hindsight this is the second hint
Who are you looking for?
I am Leonard H ofstadter
I called you about renting and you said . . .
I remember what I said and what you said
Remember what my mom said on March 5, 1992
What is No. 6 noble gas?
- What? - You call yourself a scientist
What is the sixth noble gas?
Radon ?
Are you asking me or answering me?
answer you?
answering you
Ok next question
Prefer Kirk or Picard?
(also belong to 'Star Trek' series characters)
It 's hard to choose (Kirk was the original captain)
'First Generation' is better than 'New Generation' (Picard is the Captain of the new generation)
But Picard is better than Kirk Correct answer
Passed the first level of 'Roommate Breakthrough'
come in
is the house nice
Is the bedroom inside?
it depends
I don 't quite understand that their existence depends on the situation ?
No, but whether you can see them depends on whether you can pass the second and third levels

There are three levels in total?
One level is harder than the next
- Sit down - ok
No! That 's my seat!
Is there any difference?
This chair is set up perfectly
And it 's just the right angle to the TV so that I can play the game without getting distracted by the chat.
So this guy is mine forever
Do you have this ability?
" C a t h e d r a   m e   r e g u l a e   m e a e "
Latin 'the throne is mine'
On the phone you said your field of study is physics
yeah experimental physics

Write what?
Nothing to do with you
Do you have to go to school every day?
- Yes - do you have transportation ?
- Yes there is a car - would you like to take me?
you can 't drive?
I can
I don 't want to open it
no problem i can take you
This is my advantage, right?
It 's up to me to decide
ok i will ask
last question
Which task will you place the most importance on after the cataclysm?
Find a stable source of food, rebuild an effective government, reproduce or preserve human knowledge?
uh i would choose . . . save knowledge
bingo
By the way, I can accept other answers as long as they don 't have offspring
Come on, I 'll show you somewhere else
okay
I pass
It 's only the second level, don 't be too proud
here is the bathroom
Do you live regularly?
uh i guess so
You 're just guessing
When do you usually defecate?
Line up if you want
Queue if you want? Sorry, I don 't rent it to Brother Sharp
sorry morning
around eight o 'clock
Not at eight, not at half past seven
ok i accept
Pass the third level
You have the right to visit your room
Great
this room ?
No, this is my room, no one is allowed in my room
Where do you sleep then?
I don 't understand what you mean
No one is allowed in your room, but you are human
Are you human?
Kidding
Do you drive often?
sometimes
this is your room
Might have to be repainted
And then you just moved in?
not so fast
We have to sort out some details first
Roommates agree Friday night should be fixed for Josh Whedon 's new movie 'Firefly'
Does this need to be written as a protocol?
Or is it better to make it clear now that it will be broadcast for several years?
(The show stopped after only one year)
sign here
Well this is about TV and movies
Chapter IX Miscellaneous
The flag pattern of the apartment is an unrestrained golden lion, and the background is a blue
Do we still have a flag?
Don 't rock upside down
Unless something happens to our house
next
If any of us invent time travel, the first stop would be to arrive at today 's meeting in five seconds
All right
I am disappointed
Why do you have to promise these things?
Because it 's the best house I 've ever seen and the rent isn 't too expensive and once you pass the first three levels you can 't stop the car a bit
Then I 'm sorry Leonard I have a hard time sympathizing with you
So let me tell you something else? It was the first time I brought a girl back for the night
L e o n a r d ?
Shh, just pretend we 're not here
L e o n a r d ?
he will go away
I 'll keep knocking until you answer
L e o n a r d ?
L e o n a r d ?
L e o n a r d ?
What do you think?!
I didn 't say let you in!
You asked me what I wanted to do
i want to come in
Because you violated the roommate agreement
Specifically, the third paragraph of chapter 8 about the visitor, the fourth paragraph of female mating.
Roommates should give each other 12 hours notice of impending mating
I didn 't know her 12 hours ago
Enough! I 'm leaving!
don 't joyce don 't go
12 hours ?
Oh, my god
Do you have pity on me now?
a little
Okay, to put it bluntly
You live with this guy and he made you sign a ridiculous roommate deal
He even walked into your bedroom in a grand manner. You were about to have sex with this girl named Joyce Kim. How could you still live?
Actually, I can 't be too mad at Joyce Kim about this.
Why ?
I was doing a government research project at the time
Military, rocket fuel, etc.
It 's a secret
What does this have to do with Joyce Kim ?
She turned out to be a North Korean spy
I was lucky S heldon threw her out before I leaked important information
I 'm not saying I 'll leak
What is Hana? So you lived with Sheldon for so long because he didn 't put you in federal prison?
Part of the reason
The other part has to do with elevators
oh yes oh i 'm curious too
You said it was still usable when you moved in
It worked but one night S heldon came back from get off work . . .
What 's going on here ?
Hey S heldon this is Howard and Raj both of them also work at the university
I 'll take care of you later
What are you sitting on?
I don 't know them
Kidding
or not
Ass is ass, right?
- yes - interesting

what happened to the sofa
Oh, if there are family members on the first floor who want to move out, they will sell it to me for 100 yuan.
Howard and Raj helped me get it up
But what 's wrong with our furniture?
Just two reclining chairs
There is no place to sit
You never thought this was intentional?
I am entitled to half of the public use area under a roommate agreement
But you didn 't email me so you 're still in breach of contract
I have sent
Oh did you post it?
Oh nasty !
blocked by my own spam filter
How am I on your spam list?
You sent me a picture of a cat playing piano called 'Smiley' and I included you
uh, i saw it
very interesting
What does this have to do with elevators?
i will say
I promise you you 'll regret wasting your money on an iPod because Microsoft is going to have its own player (it didn 't come out until 2006)
Well you don 't have an opinion on everything, do you?
there is
You also assume that you are always right?
I didn 't assume
change seats with me
- Why? - I don 't like this place
I have to keep going back and forth
All right
Oh 'Babylon 5' is coming!
Can 't watch 'Babylon V' here
why ?
Ghosts like to watch 'Babylon 5'
- i like it - me too - me too
It 's three to one
they don 't have the right to vote
is one to one
And according to the roommate agreement, once the votes are equal, the decision rests with me
But I didn 't agree
I agreed
And I can decide this draw too
change seats with me
- why? - my neck is facing a vent
So let it blow me?
You are wearing a high collar
All right
This is the inner collar

I 'm still uncomfortable
Oh yes it 's because there are too many people here
This problem is easy to deal with, let 's go
Well let 's go to my house
I 'll get my coat later
- don 't come with you - why?
We 're leaving just to get rid of you
oh so i don 't need a coat
By the way, the correct sentence should be
The person you want to get rid of is me (add who in advance to the position of from )
Oh cool
I 'll sit here later
How did you know he said that? You 're gone
Hey, do you still let me do this 'pig 's foot' project?
ok you go on
Howard Are those your friends?
Not a friend! It 's a colleague!
Did their parents know they were coming?
Don 't know but if you keep yelling they 'll hear it all!
Is that your dad?
Just a little more hair on her face
Oh my god, is that a second stage rocket?
The three-stage engine I designed myself
Cool is it faster than Mac 1?
(Ford Mustang 2001 model) Maybe if I could get my hands on the new government fuel
Oh you 're lucky
Where are the Oreos left on Howard 's cabinet?
I didn 't see your Oreo!
Don 't eat that thing in the shower!
Why do you say he is lucky?
I happen to have some rocket fuel in my apartment
Why do you have rocket fuel in your apartment?
Joyce Kim was a little curious about my work I wanted to show her
It doesn 't matter
When can we talk about elevators? Oh, soon, soon
we go back to the apartment
The secret is to mix it with Tovex to form a flammable gel that produces more than 8 million newtons of power
- cool - real cow
impossible
What are you talking about, I 've been researching for a long time
Trust me it will work
You didn 't find your mistake, did you?
absolutely right
This is a model for a solid rocket and can 't be used
I have adjusted the recipe
not quite right
Okay I 've had enough of you
You may be an expert in theoretical physics and science fiction and know where to sit on the couch, but this is applied physics
Since this is applied physics . . .

What 's happening ?
It 's going to be a tragedy, it 's going to be a tragedy
Open the door, open the door, open the door!

Are you still waiting for the elevator?
Oh yes
wait
Give me
What are you doing? I still have enough time . . .
you are welcome
Not only did S heldon save my life, he didn 't snitch on the landlord
Didn 't tell the police or DHS
Well, that means I 've been climbing up and down these three floors all day because of you?
I was really stupid
You must have been stupid when you were young
What were you doing seven years ago?
I 'm sorry, I 'm in high school
Study, blow your nose, help the community as a volunteer
not pregnant
Great !

Oh U buntu you are my favorite Linux operating system

Hello
Why does it smell like methane?
Oh, for the nail polish
Just got a manicure.
A man can bend or stretch, no matter what, I want to apologize to you
Does this even need to be said?
I did agree with the thermostat setting I shouldn 't have to change it
This is not an apology
It 's just an admission that I 'm right
- ok sorry - that 's fine
So are we all right?
What 's all right?
Forget it, can I watch TV?
see
Next will be 'Babylon V'
You are not watching!
I can hear !
Oh, the lines in it also offended you?
That doesn 't even count the lines!
Are you a lunatic?
Don 't make me turn the flag upside down again, you know I will!
Season 3 Episode 22 Ended
