0 0 : 0 0 : 0 0 , 1 8 0 - -&gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 0 2 , 7 8 0 'Breaking Lawyer' Prev reviouly, on 'Better Call S aul.' or give I have money or neither of us want to get out of here alive I getmymoney , orneitherofuswalkouto fhere .
As long as I say the word, my nephews will visit your little granddaughter mynephewspayavisittoy our granddaughter.
I don 't want to hear the word 'license' anymore. I don  ' teverwanttohearthewor d ' Permit ' A gain !
C a p i c h e ?
You 'll be punished dude It  ' syourfuneral , dude !
You are fired You  ' refired !
I 'll pack up I 'll justpackup . . .
You and I partner Partners , youandme !
Where are the clients from Whataboutclients ?
Mesa Verde .
It 's hard to poach them I t  ' dbeahardsell to take the mwithme .
Two law firms under the same roof, Separatefirmsunderoner oof .
You do it your way and I do it your way You . . . dothingsyourway , and I dothemmine .
ice cream





Go A head .
Turn left Turntotheleft .







Step around the back of the truck.


Okay. Okay.
Salary Hereyougo.



Breaking Lawyer Season 2 Episode 8
Original translation with bilingual subtitles
I wanted to take you to Youknow , I waswillingtotakeyou
Translate The W alking N erd
Higher end places toamorehigh - endestablishment .
This deserves a good celebration. T hisrequiresapropercel ebration ,
So this meal doesn 't count as sodon 'tthinkthatthiscounts.
translation joy _ bwl yogurt xiling broken branches
Hot doghouse
This is perfect T hisisperfect .
Say it again . . .
Proofreading murmurs
B e s i d e s . . .
We have to live frugally now we  ' repinchingpenniesnow .
When we have a stable income When wehaveasteadyreven uestream ,
Timeline Jin Menglong drives to Geronimo every night to have dinner make the driveup to Geronimoeverynight .
- Before that . . . - That 's right - T illthen . . . - Yes .
T h a t .
Let 's make this wish come true together. Let 's make thathappen.
The late Shenshan Xiaoxin director murmured that you will be like this next O kay , here  ' swhatyagottado .
Open WeChat and scan the QR code on the left or search the official account: American drama exploded. Learn about the latest film and television information and subtitle information. Write your resignation letter immediatelyT ypeup yourresignationletter now - -
- Tonight - Tonight - I mean , tonight . - Tonight ?
to Yeah .
Finish your hotdog first, of course. . . Well , I mean , finishyourhotdogfirst , but . . .
Put your resignation letter in Howard 's office tonight, youputthatletterinto Howard 'sofficetonight.
It counts as officially informing him of I t  ' sonhispremises on his turf .
You  ' veofficiallygivennoti ce . Tomorrowmorning tomorrow morning , while he  ' sstilloutonthebacknin echasin  ' hisballs ,
you call Mesa Verde and other clients youcall Mesa Verdeandyourotherclien ts ,
pull them over youbring  ' emalong .
Gotta get your hands on Yougettothembeforehedo es before him.
- No - what not - No . - What ?
N o . You must act now Yougottaactnow .
If you use 'the right way' Listen, youdothisthe 'Rightway,' wait and tell Howard youwait, youtell H owardtohisface in person, he 'llsinkhisdirtyhooksin to Mesa Verde before you say 'resign'
Just reach out to Mesa Verde beforeyougetthewords ' I quit ' outtayourmouth . Enough Jimmy thanks for the advice O kay , Jimmy , I appreciatetheadvice , but the whole point of this s
You are your lawyer and I am my isforyoutobeyourkindo flawyerandmetobemine . I need the right way for me I needtofindawaytodothi sthat  ' srightforme .






Hi Kim, can I make a long story short. Hey, Kim.
C a n   w e   m a k e   t h i s   q u i c k ?
I 'm a little too busy I 'mkindaswampedrightnow.
Of course thank you for taking the time to meet me U h , sure . T hanksformeetingwithme .
I only need to take a few minutes I onlyneedafewminutes .
What a great thing. Great .
W h a t ' s   u p ?
Howard can we come to your office and say Howard , could wedothisinyouroffice ?
P lease please?
Thanks again for taking the time to A gain , thanks for taking the time .
You don 't have to beat around the bush Youcanjust . . . goahead andripoff the B and - A id .
I probably know what you 're here for I haveaprettygoodideawh yyou  ' rehere .
Then you choose to go to Sweikart and Cokely S o , you  ' regoing with S chweikartand C okely .
- What- I heard- I  ' msorry ? - I heard .
Grapevine Through thegrapevine. I don 't go to other law firms I 'mnotgoingtoanotherfirm.
I want to start my own business I  ' mstartingmyown .
I 'm going to try individual lawyer I figured I 'dtrygivingitagoasasol opractitioner .


I ... I, uh ...

I realized this is what I should have done. I realized it was something I neededtodo .
? T heweek Jimmyexits Davis &amp; Main , the same week that Jimmy left Davis &amp; Main , you also decided to leave us youdecidetoleaveus ?
It can 't be a coincidence that T hatcan  ' tjustbehappenstance .

Not It  'snot .
We will share the expenses We  ' regonnabesharingexpen ses .
Shared office but two people practice independently Oneoffice , but two separatepractic es .
In every way . . . smart Smart - - onseveralcounts .
Howard Howard . . .
I want you to know that I appreciate my time here. I wantyoutoknow that I appreciatemytimehere.
I 'm so grateful for everything you and the firm have done for me I  ' mgratefulforeverythin gyouandthefirmhavedon eforme ,especially to pay my tuition especiallythefinancia lhelpwithmyschooling ,I am ready to write a check to repay the remaining loan and I 'mreadytowriteacheckfo rtheremainderoftheloa n .
Just need the accountant to give me the exact amount I justneedaccountingtog etmethatfigure .
Don 't use it as a gift.N oneed . O urgifttoyou .
I don 't know what to say I don  ' tknowwhattosay .

Thank you Thankyou .
You deserve Youearnedit.
To be honest I am a little envious of Tellyouthetruth , I  ' mkindaenvious .
Really why Really?
Why ? A new beginning Somethingaboutafreshst art .
Think back when I just graduated from law school B ackintheday , rightoutoflawschool ,
I seriously considered listing myself for business I thoughtlongandhardabo uthangingupmyownshing le .
- Really- yes- O h , yeah ? - Y eah .
I 'm ready to take the world and change the world Oh, I wasreadytotakeonthewo rld, makeadifference.
Dad convinced me D adtalkedmeoutofit .
Want me to join the business here W antedmeto join the ranks here , add a ' H ' throwanother ' H ' Inthefirm  ' slogo to the firm 's name.
All is well.Thingsworkoutthewaythe y  ' resupposedto , I guess .
Kim I want to tell you that I always press you Kim , I wantyoutoknowthat I always pushedyouharder because I think you can keep pushing yourself because I knew that I couldexpectmorefromyo u .
Good luck G oodlucktoyou .
Thank you Thankyou .



Help me call Kevin Wachtel at Mesa Verde Bank Getme K evin Wachtellat M esa Verde .
Cancel all arrangements for this morning. A ndcanceeverything I hadlinedupthismorning.
I 'll call Callingnow.



Sorry Sorry.
By Excuseme .
Hi Paige I 'm Kim Hi , Paige .
I t ' s   K i m .
Hello Y eah , hi . I would like to confirm the lunch scheduled for Monday at noon Justcheckingthatwe  ' restillonforlunchon Monday .

Great, is Kevin coming too? Great .
A n d   K e v i n ,   t o o ?
Ok G ood . Well , before wemeet , I have something new to tell you there  ' ssomenewsyouneedtokno wabout .













I am not the safe choice I amnotthesafechoice.
The safe choice is Hamlin McGill Associates Thesafechoiceforyouwou ldbe HHM .
But I think I believe , however , that I am . . . I am the right choice therightchoice .
why ?
Is the suit you 're wearing now a store-bought ready-to-wear T hatsuityou  ' rewearing - - didyoubuyitofftherack ?
Don 't tell me this looks like P leasedon ' ttellmeitlookslike I did.
I wouldn 't have asked I fitdid if it was just random from the store, I wouldn 't  ' thhaveasked .
So why do you choose S owhydoyoupreferatailo r - madesuit ?
Because that 's the best for you Becauseitfitsyouandyou alone .
Every stitch and every thread is considered for youBecauseeachandeverysti tchwasfrettedoverwithyouinmind.
Either you go fit the suit E itheryoufitthejacket . . . or it fits you orthejacketfitsyou .
What if I want wholewarehousefullof suits ?
It takes many people to sew T hat  ' sahellofalotofsewing .
How  ' sonesingletailorgonna getthatjobdone ?
I fully understand your bank 's need for expansion I knowyourbank  ' sneedsinregardtothise xpansioninsideandout .
Mesa Verde, as my only client, H aving Mesa Verdeasmysoleclient, will surely take up the entirety of my attention, tobesure.
But if I am incapable of Butifthiswerebeyondmya bilities,
I wouldn 't pick up I wouldn  ' tbe throwing myhatinthering .
I wouldn 't waste your time I wouldn 't wasteyourtime ,
and my time ormine .




Here you go Kim, we 're in Oh, hey, Kim!
W e ' r e   i n   h e r e !

It came just in time for me to see Perfecttiming . I was just getting the tour .
- Kim this is Steve - hello - Kim , thisis Steve . - Hi .
Steve is the intermediary here S teve  'stheagentfortheplace.
- hello my name is Kim - nice to meet you - Hi . Kim . - N icetomeetya .
- Kim- Is everything okay- Hi , Kim . - E verythingokay ?

How about Whatdoyouthink?
I think this is a dentist office I , uh . . . I thinkit  ' sa - - it  ' sadentist  ' soffice .
The two dentists ' offices, Twoofficesfortwodentis ts, are of the same size, and the furnishings are symmetrical eachtheexactsamesizew ithamirroredlayout.

Come to Here. The other one is next door, Theotheroneisthenextdo orover,
Two leaning together rightbesidethisone.
Right here Righthere. But sharing a hall Buttheyshareonelobby, a reception area quite equal onereceptionarea, soegalitarianashell.
And very efficient Not ottomentionefficient .
And Oh , also . . . soundproofwalls ,
Isolate drills and screams and other sounds whatwiththedrillingan dthepainandthewhatnot . And this location is awesome. A ndthelocation , I mean , holycrap .
I think this is the place. I thinkthisistheplace.

Kim Kim ?
Yeah well soundproofed Yeah, it 's great.
S o u n d p r o o f i n g .
Steve can we alone Hey , Steve , doyoumindifwejust . . ?
It 's okay Oh, please.
I go out and make a few calls I 'll stepoutside and makesomephonecalls.
You slowly say Y 'alltakeallthetimeyoun eed.
Didn 't lunch go well Badlunch , huh ?
Has Mesa Verdesaidno rejected you?

I can 't figure out the situation O kay , I  ' mgettingmixedsignalsh ere .
This is for good . . . I - isthisagood - - Jimmy I got Jimmy, I gotit.
- You 've got Mesa Verde Bank - Great - Yougot Mesa Verde ? - Yes !
Haven 't signed the official documents yet I mean, there 's nothing in writing yet, but the lunch is very butthelunchwent . . .
Very smooth I tkickedass.
The situation was indeed a little dangerous at the time. I twasalittletouch-and-gothereforamoment, I 'lladmit, but Paige was a great help by speaking for me, but Paigepitchedin, and shereallytalkedmeup.
Once he was relieved... .
A n d   t h e n   o n c e   ‭ t h a t   d o o r   c r a c k e d   o p e n   - -
High five is great. Highfive .
F antastic . I prepared answers to every question and concern I - I hadanforanswerquestion , everyconcern , and I did not speak ill of Hamlyn McGill Associates at all and I didnotbad - mouth HHM , notatall ,
But I was passionate but I was , like , enthusiasm , youknow ,
There are also private services for sure because of this andpersonalservice , because that  'sgottacountforsomething .
- Of course- yeah- S hit , yeah , thatcounts ! - E xactly !
After all I mean ,  ' cause , like ,
How did they end up at Hamlyn McGill Associates whyweretheyevenat HHM in the first place ?
It wasn 't because of me so when we walked out of the restaurant Me.S o, uh--Oh, and then when wewalkedou toftherestaurant, when K evinwasn  'tlooking, Paigegivesmeathumbs-up.
Not an ordinary vertical one Butnot - - notthereregularthumbs - up .
is two T hedoublethumbs - up .
Two double-barrel gunsTwo.Doublebarrel.
Boom, boom like this Boom, boom.
J u s t   l i k e   t h a t .
I knew it I knew it.
- I knew you could - really . . .
- I knewyoucoulddoit ! - I twasjust . . . it was so good God , itwasperfect .

What 's up What?

I love seeing you the way you are now I just - - I loveseeingyoulikethis .
Shall we keep these chairs S o , arewegonnakeepthesech airs ?
Do you mean you like this office Do oesthatmeanyoulikethi soffice ?

Let 's just do it L et  ' sdoit .

No problemH ell , yeah .
Just do it L et  ' sdoit .


Ernesto , thedoor  ' open . . .
As usual . . . always .
Ernesto ?
It 's me Chuck I t  ' sme , Chuck .
Howard Ernesto with you Oh , hey , Howard , is Ernestowithyou ?
No only me No, it 's justme. I waited an hour for documents Well, I expectedaroundofdocum entsanhourago.
We are going to file a case. Youknow we  ' vegotafilingcomingup .
I know Chuck I know , Chuck . We have a good chance . . .
I t  ' sverypossible . . . we may be losing Mesa Verde
Losing them we just won them Losingthem ?
W e   j u s t   g o t   t h e m .

Why are they going to find someone Well , why ?
W h e r e   a r e   t h e y   g o i n g ?
Going to Kim Wexler T hey  ' regoingwith Kim Wexler .
She resigned from Sheleftthefirm.
Kim resigned Kimleft?

Howard Oh , Howard .
Where is she going Well , where  ' sshegoing ?
Is Rich S chweikart there I sit Rich S chweikart ?
Or Reeves and Green Company Ordid Reevesand Greengether?
Neither is not a job-hopping M nh . No otanotherfirm .
She is going to go it alone S he  ' sgoingintoprivateprac tice .
What What ? This is really . . .
W e l l ,   t h a t ' s   c o m p l e t e l y . . .
How can she go it alone H - howisshegoingoutonher own ?
Why did she go it alone Why hyisshegoingoutonhero wn ?
For no reason Well , thewhyisthewhy . As for how she is going to join forces with Jimmy Thehowis that she  ' spoolingher resources . . . with Jimmy .

Did Kim and my brother become partners Kimandmybrother - - partnersatlaw ?
He is Svengali He  's S vengali .
The character in the novel Tribby uses hypnotism to control the heroine The guy is a master hypnotist Themanis S vengali . Anyway about Mesa Verde Bank A tanyrate , back to Mesa Verde .
I 'm going to go all out I 'mgonnatryonelast H ail M ary .
Chuck U h , Chuck ?
- Mesa Verde Bank - I 'm listening - Mesa Verde . - Yes , listening .
I got a chance to meet Kevin Wachtell I managedtogetameetingw ith K evin Wachtell .
He came to He  ' coming in this afternoon in the afternoon. But I don 't know which laws should be followed.
So if you have any arguments argumentS oifyouhaveanydetails , anyarguments ,
Now hurry up and tell me bullet-pointthemformenow, I only have an hour ' cause I gotaboutanhourbefore I havetogetback.
Chuck Chuck ?
I really need your help I reallyneedyourhelpher e .
Chuck Chuck ?

Are you okay A reyouokay ?
I also go to the conference I 'mgoingtothatmeeting.
Chuck may not be so good. Chuck , I don  ' tknowifthat  ' sagoodidea .
I candoit .
I will stick to Forceofwill by willpower.
And I 'm much better A nd I  ' vebeengettingbetter . I know but . . . I knowyouhave , but . . .
Think about the message we want to deliver themessagethatwewantt osend . I know I knowthemessage - - be professional not crazy thatweappearprofessio nalandnotcrazy !
I 'm going to the meeting with the lights on for me I 'mgoingtothemeetingand thelightsstayon.
Everyone brings their cell phones. E veryonekeepstheirphon es . Everything is normal. E verythingstays , forlackofabetterword , normal .

I will make it through. I will make it through.




Please come in Yeah ?

They arrived at They 'rehere.
Okay Okay.



Hello everyone , everyone .
- sorry for being late - hello - Sorry I wasdelayed .
-   O h .   H i .
Not not exactly none We just sat down No o, no .
N otatall . We justsatdown . Kevin Wachtel Paige NovickK evin Wachtell , Paige N ovick ,
This is Charles McGill thisis Charles McGill.
Just call me Chuck. Chuck.
Nice to meet you Kevin Page Pleasure .
K e v i n .   P a i g e .
Nice to meet you N icetomeetyou .
Thank you both for coming to T hankyoubothforcoming .
Don 't worry A nddon  ' tworry . I  ' mnothere toextolthevirtuesof HHM ,please come and listen to me bragging about HHM .

I guess you 've had enough I  ' mguessingyou  ' vealreadyhadtosuffert through
Howard pushed Howard  ' shardsellfirsttimearo und to the firm 's push, I think you 've heard enough soyou  ' vedoneyourtime , asfar as I  ' mconcerned .
It 's not hard selling it 's just hospitality Whathardsell ?
I t   w a s   e n t h u s i a s m .
I also got them cookies I gavethemcookies .
Cookies were good I remember cookies were good , as I recall .
I am here today to reassure you No , I  ' mheretoputyourmindsat ease .
Kim Wexler Kim Wexleris , is indeed the right person to handle the Mesa Verde business indeed , the rightchoicetohandl e Mesa Verde .
She was wise to choose S he  ' stheobviouschoice .
She is young and bright and promising S he  ' syoung , she  ' sbrilliant , she  ' sgoingplaces .
Let 's face it Howard L et  ' sfaceit , Howard .
She is the future S he  ' sthefuture . Old people like us are outdated T wooldguyslikeus , we  ' rethepast .
What a sad view Well , that  ' sasadthought .

Sad but true S adbuttrue .
Banking law . . . needs tobeexciting .
Need the next generation of rising rookie I tneedsthenextgenerati ontocomealong to inject fresh blood into it and giveitabig , oldkickintheseatofthe pants .
Really wake it up Reallywakeitup.
I tell you how bored I am Letmetellyahowboring I am . I read FEC and ISO reportsforentertainment .

Yes I can prove Hedoes .
I canattesttothat . I want to try to keep up with trends Well , I trytostayuponthings .
The rules are changing all the time.
After the accident with Enron and WorldCom With everything that  ' shappened with Enronand W orld C om ,
The government is extra vigilant about the government isextrav igilant . Now even the most unintentional fault
It may also lead to devastating consequences oferrorscanbedevastating. You need a young and keen eye to grasp these trends Youneedasharp, youngeyetocatchthatst uff.
When you 've been in this field I mean , when you  'vespecialized in thiski ndofwork for over a decade it becomes a bit . . . fordecadesonend , youtendtogetkinda . . .

- stale- stale- S tale . - S tale .
You will become stale Yougetstale . You will forget things like Youforgetaboutthingsli ke , oh , I don  ' tknow ,
Community Reinvestment Act the C ommunity R einvestment Act . A bank like Mesa Verde that wants to open a new branch A nybanksuchas M esa Verdelookingtoopenaden ovobranch must show isdefinitelygoingtone edtoshowahealthyportf olio in compliance with the Act
Healthy Portfolio of CRA compliance.
Of course it 's a joke D uh .
Obviously . I believe you have all done a good job in this regard Youguyshaveallthatcove red , I  'msure .
R iegle - Neal Interstate Banking and Branching Efficiency Act - - What a mouthful there  ' sanothermouthful , huh ?
Boring Boring!
But if you violate the law S till , ifyouweretorunafoulof it ,
It could be years of lawsuits itcouldholdyouupincou rtforyears . By the way if you were without us A ndbytheway , uh , ifthatweretohappentoy oufolks
This happens but of course it won 't happen asyougoforwardwithout us, whichitwillnot,um, howard has someone at the fed who can help with this.

One or two, O neortwo.
And the SEC 's interpretation of A ndthenthere 'sthe SEC 's interpretation
Interpretation of Section 302 of S arbox .

Be careful Well , navigating that correct ly could save hundreds of thousands it could mean savings of sev eralhundredthousanddo llars .

They know very well Howard T heyknowthat , Howard .
Sorry A apologize .
When people reach a certain age, they will become a little long-winded,
Always talking about some details rambleonandonaboutdet ails . What I want to say is that your bank is in the hands of reliable peopleM ypointbeing , your bankisinexcellent hands .
I understand what you 're trying to say. Really Look, I takeyourpoint.
I   d o .
But I have to say But I have to say, I have full confidence in Ms. Wexler I have complete confidence in Ms. s.
W e x l e r .
You should be so You should .
She has been in our team Shewaspartofourteam .
She learned from us. She learned from us. Couldn 't find a better fit than Kim Wexler. Youwon 'tfindbetterthan Kim Wexler.
But no matter how good she is Butnomatterhowtalented oneindividualmaybe , Mesa Verde 's business is too heavy to do theneedsof M esa V erdearetoobigtohandle alone .
I wouldn 't handle your future expansions alone I wouldn  ' thandle your coming expansion one .
So you should reconsider W hichiswhyyoushouldcon sider , once again , enlisting a professional team like us enlistingateamofprofe ssionals .
- Nice to meet you - always waiting - G ladwedidthis . - A nytime .
We are always waiting for your dispatch Weaethereforyoudayand night .
Nice to meet you Paige Lovelytomeetyou , Paige .
Thank you too Andyou . T hankyou . See you gentlemen Talksoon , gentlemen .

Chuckna . . .
C h u c k ,   t h a t . . .
That 's awesome. T hatwasamazing.
You are amazing Youwerefantastic .
Really . . . Chuck T rul - - W hoa .
C h u c k ?

Take me home Getmehome .
Nun Ernie!
Hold on to Hangon .


We still want to thank you A gain , wewanttothankyou for being able to host the Major foraccommodating the Majorlikethis .
What a joke it 's my pleasure Youkidding ?
I t  ' sanhonor . For war heroes to make a small exception F orawarhero , I thinkwecanbendtherule saweebit .
Thank you very much Well, wereally appreciateit.
Major Talbott 's grandsons are only in town for one more day, and it 's great that they can share the experience with him soit 'sgreattheygettosharet his experiencewithhim.
This will be an unforgettable experience for you Youguysareinfaralealtr eat .
Excited You Youexcited ? !
Yeah excited Y - yeah , excited .
Are they your sons S o , theseareyourboys ?
No I . . . I 'm their family attorney No , I  'm - - No , I  'mthefamilyattorney .
I just help when I can, so I called you.
It is a pleasure to serve you Well , I amgladtobeofservice .
That 's her An ndheresheis .
Gentlemen this is Fifi Gentlemen , meet FIFI , the world 's last in-service B 2 9 Superfortress theworld  ' slast air - worthy B - 2 9 Superfortress .
Originally based in Texas but flew here temporarily S he  ' sbasedin T exas , butshe  ' shereforaquickvisit , boosted pilot morale justkindofamoralebuil derfortheairmen .
But everyone is having lunch now T hecrew  ' sonlunch , unfortunately .
Otherwise I want to show you the insideO therwise, I wasgonnaseeaboutshowi ngyoutheinside.
It 's beautiful.' Fudge' I sn  ' tsheabeauty , F udge ?
Just like the planes you 've flown before, just like the one you usedt .
- Fudge- That 's right- F udge?
- Y ep. Theodore 'Fudge' Major T heodore 'F udge' Talbott.
His mother would send him fondant love packages during the war Hismomusedtomailhim carepackagesoffudgedu ringthewar ,
He will share with his friends and he shared them withhi friends .
It is so, so that 's the story, folks.
R i g h t ,   g u y s ?
- Yes - Yes - Yes . - Yes . Sir this must have brought back your memory Well , sir , this certainly mustbring backsomememoriesfory ou .

He said 'too much' 'T oomanytocount,' Hesays.
I gotta say Major Talbott I gottasay, Major Talbott . . . it 's my pleasure it 's saprivilege.
Thank you for playing for the country Sothankyouforyourservi ce .

He said ' You are welcome ' Hesays , ' You  ' rewelcome . '
I really envy you Boy , I envyyouguys .
You must have heard his story I mean , thestoriesyoumust  ' veheard . Are there any good stories Yourememberanygoodones ?
- mostly about bombing - about bombing - B ombingstuffmostly .
-   B o m b i n g   s t u f f .
Such as war U m , like , um - - like , thewar .
Did he fly over the Himalayas Didheflyover the H ump ,
Or has it taken off from India ordidhetakeoffoutof India ?
Are you alright do you want some water Youdoingokay ?
Youneedsomewater ? Good Yes .

Y e s ,   s i r .
I forgot to bring his water Oh , nuts .
I   f o r g o t   h i s   w a t e r .
I can go back to the office and get him a bottle of Oh , hey . I can runback to theoffice , gethimabottle .

Can You You ?
Captain Fudge said he was going back to the office F udge , the captain  ' sgonnarunbacktohisoff ice ,
can I get you some water sir getyousomewater , okay , sir ?

Okay great A llright .
T h a t ' s   g r e a t .
Don 't worry he 's all right A ndthere ' snorush.
H e  ' sgonnabefine . I will be back soon I  ' llbeback ASAP .

Get up Up.
Up . Don 't say anything to you Thought I told younottosayanythi ng .
Stand in front and go to the nose. Go standbythefront , uh , thosenose , whatever .
Where on earth did you get this guy 's W herethehell  ' dyoufindthisguy ?
Can 't you find the real war hero Youcouldn  ' tgetarealwarhero ?
You think it 's so good to find this guy owes me Yeah, like theygrowontrees.
S o , thisguyowesme . I defended him when he had no money I defended hima whileback when he could not pay .
- Defend him for what- how- Defendedhimforwhat ?
-   W h a t ?
Do you want to be a lawyer when you grow up Youwannabealawyerwheny ougrowup ? Fix that . . .
Justfixthe - - Public MasturbationP ublicmasturbation .
Total nonsense T otalbullshit .
Okay, lower your voice A llright , keepyourvoicedown .
You have no right to speak. You do notpossessthepowe rofspeech.
Good start O kay , let  ' sgo .
L e t ' s   g o .
Hurry up C hopchop . Good hands on hips A llright , handsonhips .

Is it alright to be strong and proud? Allright? L ookingstrong, lookingproud, allright?
Shoot the bomber The bomber is the point to shoot it Seethebomber , okay ?
T h e   b o m b e r ' s   t h e   m a i n   p o i n t ,   s o   s e e   i t .
I 'm shooting that damn bomber I seethefreakingbomber . Can 't put this guy in front of the flag C ouldn ' tjustploptedudeinfro ntofaflag ?
Why do you have to come to this Why  ' dwehavetocomehere ?
Because the production level is high, it is necessary to perform Productionvalue.
S h o w m a n s h i p .
Has Yourrolling started?
- Yes it 's filming- It 's filming- Y eah , rolling .
- Rolling . Okay to start pushing the mirror O kay , startthedolly .
Start A ndaction .
You are the greatest generation You  'repart ofthegreatestgenerati on .
You fought Nazis Youfoughtthe N azis .
Played Japanese F oughtthe Japanese .
- What - I played Japanese - What ? - F ought J apanese .
I fought the Japanese I fought the J apanese .
This aircraft was used in the Pacific battlefield T hismachine was usedinth e Pacific , and was used to fight Japan where the Japaneseare .
Why don 't you shut up and listen to the instructions W hydon  ' tyoushutupand learntot akesomedirection ?
Japanese Japanese who do not smoke within 100 feet.
Well A llright , fine .
You fought all the dirty Axis Youfoughtallthedirty . . .
A xispowers . Your band of brotherscame together ,
Saved the world andyousavedtheworld. You are a big hero You 'reheroic.
A bit over Notthattheroic.
Just show a little more.
good good O kay , good .
Patriotism runs in your blood You  ' vegotred , white , and bluecoursingthroug hyourveins .
Look up Lookup ! Saw a bald eagle soaring into the sky Pictureabaldeaglesoari ng !

Damn S hit.
- what 's wrong - you guys keep shooting - What ? - O kay , justkeeprolling .
Close-up and wide-angle are all good. T ights , wides - - justgetmesomegoodangl es .
Well back to square one Okay .
A l l   r i g h t ,   b a c k   t o   o n e .
Back to Basics Fudge Backtoone .
F u d g e .
Fudge look here Fudge F udge , right here .
F u d g e .
What 's the matter Ernie Whatisit, Ernie?
Jimmy I 'm with your brother and he 's not doing well Jimmy , man , I  ' matyourbrother  ' s , andhe  ' sbad .
How bad is bad Bad ?
H o w   b a d ?
He . . . I can 't tell but he 's shaking. He  ' s - - I don  ' tknow .
B a d ,   s h a k i n ' .
I 've never seen him like this I 'veeverseenhimlikethi s.
Keep telling me not to go to the doctor He keepstellingmenottoc alladoctor .
Let me guess Le emmeguess.
He went to the office He 'sbeengoingintotheoffice. Yes and Yeah, more and more.
He had an important meeting today Hehad abigmeetingtheretoday .
ok you do it O kay , here  ' swhatyou  ' regonnado .
Wrap him in a space blanket Wraphiminaspaceblanket .
He 's already wrapped in a layer of He 'salreadyunderone.
Wrap another layer of W raphiminasecondone . Give him some tea or preferably hot chicken soup M akehimsometea , orjust , better , heatsomechickenbroth .
Slowly simmer Justletitsimmer .
Don 't boil D on  'tmakeitboil.
So don 't you need to go to the doctor T hat  ' sit ?
N o   d o c t o r ?
Just like that, he 'll get through the T hat  ' sit without a doctor.
N o   d o c t o r .
H e  ' sjustgottaridethisout . Chuck will be alright Chuck  'llbefine .
Damn I gotta go Ohsh - - I gottago .

Rhubarb Rhubarb.
R h u b a r b !
I diots , that  ' sthesignal .
Put him in a wheelchair Gethiminthechair .
Where is the oxygen tube in your nose W here  ' stheairhose ?
S t i c k   i t   i n   y o u r   n o s e .
Quick Comeon.

Sir ! Don 't bother you guys so much Hey, thisisnotaproblem.
Do you mind if we take a picture with you W ouldyoumindiftheguysa nd I tookapicturewithyou ?
It means a lot to us I twouldmeanalottous .
Take pictures he loves to take pictures Y eah , uh , p - pictures .
H e   l o v e s   p i c t u r e s .
Come and give me the camera Here .
G ivemethecamera . - I 'll shoot - give you water - I 'lltakeit .
-   H e r e ' s   y o u r   w a t e r .
- thank you - thank you very much - T hankyou , sir .
-   T h a n k   y o u   s o   m u c h .
- thank you - no problem - T hankyou .
- Y eah . O oh , here . All right , let  ' sscootyain .

Turn to S wingyaaround . Everybody stand O kay , everybodylineup ?
Smile Smile .
Eggplant Cheese.





Are you ready to sign? Come and sign Youreadytosign?
L e t ' s   d o   t h i s .
How What?
Mesa Verde Bank ran I lost Mesa Verde.
- What- I persuaded him before- What? - I hadhim.
I thought I was convinced I thought I hadhim .
What 's going on So owhathappened ?
They continue to work with Hamlin McGill Associates They 'res - sticking with HHM .
Paige said they went to Paigesaidtheywentovert herethisafternoon this afternoon for a polite meeting for somekindof . .
- Was Howard persuaded - No - By Howard ? - No .
Chuck Chuck .




Jimmy I have to ask Jimmy , I havetoask .
Do you still want to do this Youstillupfordoingthis ?

Did you say rent an office What ? You meangetting theoffic e ?
All this Allofit .
I think we might have to I thinkmaybeweneedto . . . slow down andreally . . . slowdownandreally, youknow . . . think about this.
Wait Wait.
W h o a .
- Nothing changed- Nothing changed- Nothing  ' schanged .
- N - nothing  ' schanged ? We 're about to sign a very expensive lease We  ' reabouttosignaveryexp ensivelease but a ton of income is gone afteraverysizablechun kofincomejustwentflyi ngoutthewindow .
That 's what a team is about T hat  ' swhywe  ' reateam .
This kind of thing always happens Something like thishappe ns - - you help me I help you  'retheretohelpme , I  'mtheretohelpyou .

There will also be T herewillbeother M esa Verdes with such big clients as Mesa Verdes .

Do you still want to continue S oyoustillwannadothis ?











Yoshimai ...
Jimy . . . I did exactly what you said I dideverythingyousaid ,
But he didn 't get better buthe  ' snotgettinganybetter .
You did a great job Ernie Youdidgood , Ernie .
Thank you T hanks . Why don 't you go home and rest W hydon  ' tyou , uh , gohomeandgetsomesleep ?
I 'll take over I 'lltakeover.
He said he wanted me to stay Hetoldmehewantedmetost ay .
It 's okay I 'm here I t  ' sokay .
I 'mherenow. The next time you see Howard A nd , uh , nexttimeyousee Howard , tell him you 're going to get a big raise tellhimyouneedaraise -- abigone .

Chuck Brothers Chuck , buddy ?
How do you feel Howyoufeeling ?

Mesa Verde



How about Hey , how  ' sitgoing ?
I need a utility knife ruler I needan X - ACTO knife , aruler - - wood , please - -
Hammermill Premium paper is about nine kilograms and five hundred sheets Hammermill Premiumpaper - - 2 0 pound , oneream - - and solid glue and agluestick .
I 'm going to use the best copier Oh , andpointmetoyourbestc opier .
- The best copier - yes the best copier - B estcopier ? - Y eah .
B e s t   c o p i e r .
Fast time is tight C  ' mon .
D i   d i   m a u .




*Still Weird This Week* *Beeenastrangeoldweek * *Things Don 't Met* *W iththestuffyoudidn  ' tdoandthepeoplethatyo umeet * *Mining for information is like pulling teeth* *A nddiggingupthewordsli kepullingteeth*
* a face a number * * G otaface , anumber *
*and the pseudonym she used* *Andanamethatshegoesund er*
*maybe that 's pretty good* *I guessthere  ' splentyworseplacetobe *
*Then why don 't you do it* * S owhydon  ' tyoudoit *
*Then why don 't you do it* * Y eah , whydon  ' tyoudoit *
* What 's wrong with having more fun* * A in  ' tnoharminhaving justab itmorefun * * Whether you like it or not* * W hetheryoulikeitornot * * Never put on a bad face* * M akenoplacefordragging downyourface *
*Don 't know it 's your best result* *D on  'tyuknowit ' sthebestonethatyougot*
*Then why don 't you do it* * S owhydon  ' tyoudoit *
*Then why don 't you do it* * Y eah , whydon  ' tyoudoit *
*Then why don 't you do it* * W hydon  ' tyoudoit , ooh *
*Then why don 't you do it* * W hydon  ' tyoudoit *

* rob a bank* * B reakthatbank * * you might get nothing* * You might get nothing at all* * Youmightdrawblanks * * and you 're also brought to justice * * T henagain , itmightsortyouout *
*Then why don 't you why don 't you why don 't you* * S owhydon  ' tyoudoit , doit , doit , doit , doit , doit *
*why not* *Doit*
*why not* *Doit*





He got up Heemerges.
Good afternoon G oodafternoon .
Is it afternoon I sitafternoon ?
What about the Ernestos W here  ' s Ernesto ?
He should stay with my Hewassupposedtostaywit hme.
Don 't blame Ernie D on  ' tgetmadat Ernie .
He spent the best part of the day watching you doyourimpr essionofabakedpotato .
I let him go home to sleep I told himtogohome , getsomeshuteye .

Are you hungry Youhungry ?
Want something besides cookies? Youwantsomethingbeside scratchers ?
No, I 'm fine. No, I 'mfine.

When my stomach doesn 't hurt, I 'll get myself something to eat I 'llfixmyselfsomethinga ftermystomachsettles.
Staying outside for so long Really doinganumberonyo urself , it hurts so badly spendingsomuchtimeout ofthehouse .
You just have to do it, right Youjusthadtodoit , huh ?
Can 't watch Kim poach Mesa Verde Bank C ouldn  ' tstand tolet Kim have Mesa Verde .
You have to take Youhadtoswipeitfromher from her.
I didn 't steal anything I didn  ' tswipeanything .
We just keep the client Weretainedourclient.
You and Howard haven 't even heard of this bank You and Howardneverevenheardab out Mesa Verde is till Kimbroughtittoyaonared velvetpillow.


I 'm going to take a shower and have a bunch of work to do I needashower , and I  ' vegotatonofworktodo .
If you wanna fight JimmyS oifyou  ' relookin  ' forafight , Jimmy ,
I 'm really not in the mood to argue with you I justdon  ' thaveitinme .

Jimmy Jimmy .

Thank you for staying with me T hanksforstayin  ' withme .
We have unresolved grievances between us I knowwehaveourissues, but if we switch butifthingswererevers ed,
I hope you know that I will treat you the same. I hopeyouknowthat I woulddothesameforyou.


Great job You  ' redoingagreatjob .
Have you made this before Youdonethisbefore ?
No such No, not like this, but we learned about fractions in school but we learned about fractions in school.
Is it what score Youdid ?
W h a t   f r a c t i o n s ?
1/2 inch quarter inch 1 / 2 inch , 1 / 4 inch , 1/8 inch 1/16 inch 1 / 8 inch , 1 / 1 6 inch .


You know what I have to admit Youknow, I gottatelya, I wasn 't as smart as you when I was your age, youaremuchsmarterthan I waswhen I wasyourage.
Maybe your teacher didn 't teach well enough Maybeyouneededbetterte achers .
It is possible that T hatcouldbe .
C an I dothedrillnow ?
You promised you oupromised.
Yeah I promised I did , didn  ' t I ?
Okay come over O kay , getuphere .
When using heavy tools No , you  ' regonna have to wearthes e have to wear this ifyou  ' regonna handle the heavy machinery .
Why don 't you wear W - whydon  ' tyouhavetowearthem ?
Because grandpa is an adult, he will become stupid when he grows up B ecause P op - P op  ' sagrown - up , andgrown - upsgettobestupid .
Well put on Now , putthemon .
Ok Allright .
This is heavy so I 'll take Now , I  ' mgonnahold thisbecause it  ' sheavy , I said when you press the trigger you press OK butyoupullthetriggerw hen I sayso , okay?
Put your hands up No owgetyourhandonit .
Okay, have you got it? A llright, yougotit?
Ready .
ready press A llright , ready . . . set . . . pull .

Good job Goodjob.
Can we come back a few more times to Canwedomore ?
You help me put away Youlinethemupforme .

Are you at home Hello?!
We 're back We 'rebackhere.

What is this doing w ow .
W h a t ' s   a l l   t h i s ?
We are making a special hose We  ' remakingaspecialhose .
Special hose ah, I see Yeah , that  ' saspecialhose , allright .
I made a mark every three quarters of an inch I mademarksevery 3 / 4 inch , then grandpa put a piece of wood under it then P op - P opputapieceofwooddown so that it wouldn 't mark the table sohedoesn  ' truinhistable .
Then we drilled the hole at the marked Thenwelineupadrill, puttheholeonthe 'X.'


I am going to make a drip irrigation pipe for the rhododendrons outside I neededasoaker fortherhododendronsou tback .
ok grandpa gotta do the work by himself Well , P op - P op  ' sgonnahavetofinishhis projectonhisown , we have to go becausewehavetogo .
But we 're not done yet Butwe  ' renotdoneyet .
It 's okay, I 'll do it No, I 'll finishup.
You have helped me a lot, little princess Butyou , younglady , wereabighelp .
Hug Givemeahug .


Love you baby Loveyou , girl .
- I love you too - Thank you Mike - Loveyou . - Thanks , Mike .
By the way, are you still free on Friday? Oh, youstillgood for Friday?
Of course A bsolutely .
I 'll find something else to let her play I 'llthinkofanotherproje ctbythen.
Good bye F antastic .
B y e .
Goodbye Bye .




I have already made an appointment for lunch I havealunchdatealready .
- Pushed - Can 't push - Well , breakit . - I cannot breakit .
Can you please leave me alone Will youtakeyourhandsoff fme ?
Do you think you are playing an osteopath What are youplaying , osteopath ?
Don 't get excited Temper , temper .
Walter you are no longer my husband Oh, listen, W alter, youarenolongermyhusba nd and no longer my boss andnolongermyboss.
I will never work for you again Andyou 'renotgonnabemyboss.
If you 're content with being an editor and reporter Well, it wouldn 't be  'veworkedoutifyou ' dbeensatisfied
You have to marry me and ruin it all Youhadtomarryme , spoileverything .
I wasn 't satisfied. It was my marriage proposal. I wasn 't satisfied?
I   s u p p o s e   I   p r o p o s e d   t o   y o u .
It 's almost two years in a row Well , youpracticallydid , makinggoo - gooeyesatme all day long to give me love until I let go fortwoyearsuntil I brokedown .
' Oh Walter ' ' O h , W alter . '
And I proposed to you when I was drunk that night. A nd I stillclaim I wastight the night I proposedtoya .
If you are a gentleman I fyou  ' dhavebeenagentleman , forget about that night but you  ' dhaveforgottenallabou tit , but not you .
How dare you why , you !
Your eyesight is not as good as it used to be You  ' relosingyoureye .
You 've threw better than that before. Youusedtobeabletopitch betterthanthat.
hello yes what 's the matter sweeney hello ?
Y e a h .   W h a t ?
S w e e n e y ?
Is there anything I can help? Well, whatcan I doforya? All major app markets can download the Renren American Drama APP, watch American dramas and come to Renren American Dramas, the largest and most complete American drama platform
Scan the code to download immediately
