 Wow , Sheldon , I cannot believe you made up your own game .
 It 's like the slogan says , " The Physics is theoretical , but the fun is real . "
 We must not be playing it right .
 All right , five .
 One , two , three , four , five .
 Oh , wow , look at that .
 My Department of Defense research grant is renewed .
 Oh ! Great roll !
 Now you can demolish your Soviet- style cyclotron and build the large Hadron Collider .
 Yay .
 You 're a natural at this , Penny .
 And as the first beta testers , you two 'll have quite the edge when we play with Wolowitz and Koothrappali on Sunday .
 Oh , gee , Sheldon ,
 I don 't think we can play on Sunday . Why not ? Because of the reasons that Penny will now tell you .

 Penny ?
 Actually , I have to pick up my friend Justin from the airport .
 There you go -- she has to pick up her friend Justin at the airport .
 And I can 't play 'cause I 'm going with her -- right ?
 Um , yeah , if you want .
 I mean , there may not be room .
 He 's got a lot of stuff -- like guitars and amplifiers . Wait .
 What are you talking about ? My friend , Justin . Pay attention , Leonard .
 That 's why she can 't play on Sunday .
 Who is this Justin ? Your turn , Leonard .
 I told you about him . No , you didn 't .
 Roll the dice , Leonard .
 Yeah -- my friend from Omaha ; plays the guitar .
 Anyway , he 's coming to L. A. looking for some session work , so I told him he could just crash on my couch for a few weeks .
 Come on , Leonard -- if you roll a six , Penny dies horribly in a nuclear meltdown .
 See what I mean when I say the fun is real ?
 Hang on .
 Some guy is going to be sleeping on your couch ? He 's not " some guy . " He 's my friend .
 So by " friend , " do you mean " friend friend , "
 " gay friend , " or " ex boyfriend " who you 're now platonic with but still might have a thing for you friend " ?
 Well , he 's definitely not gay .
 Oh , ho- ho , a definitely not gay musician sleeping on my girlfriend 's couch .
 Yippee .
 Okay , we went out a little bit , a long time ago .
 But we were never like " going out . "
 Okay , not to be pedantic , but last I checked
 " went out " was in fact the past tense of " going out " -- which I think we all know is a popular euphemism for " saw each other naked . "
 I 'll just roll for you . Do you have a problem with Justin staying with me ?
 What was your first clue ? Uh- oh !
 Industrial accident .
 You know what ? Don 't talk to me like I 'm an idiot .
 I 'm not talking to you like you 're an idiot !
 I 'm saying the whole idea is idiotic !
 " You accidentally stare at a helium- argon laser .
 Lose one turn and a retina . " How is that not talking to me like I 'm an idiot ?
 It 's my friend , it 's my couch , and it 's my freakin ' life !
 It 's also your roll . You know what ?
 It is your life .
 If you want to have some stupid guitarist stay on your couch , then fine .
 Why don 't you just rent some bun beds and invite The Black Eyed Peas ? !
 Hey , if I want to invite the entire lineup of Lollapalooza to sleep in my apartment , I will , and it 's none of your business ! Are you listening to yourself ?
 Do you know how childish you sound right now ?
 Oh , now I 'm a child ? Well , at least I 'm not an idiot anymore !
 ( blender grinding ) The two aren 't mutually exclusive !
 Oh , you are such a --
 What the hell is he doing ? !
 He 's drowning us out . He doesn 't like fighting .
 Sheldon , just stop ! ok , the fight is over !
 Oh , and FYl , you never even heard of The Black Eyed Peas until you met me !
 I heard of 'em !
 Didn 't know they were a band .
 ( grinding continues ) Sheldon , she 's gone .
 You can turn off the blender .
 Has your relationship reached its inevitable ugly end ? No , we just had a little spat .
 Look on the bright side .
 As the result of Penny 's forfeit , you have become the world 's first winner of " Research Lab . "
 Would you like a commemorative snow cone ?
 * Our whole universe was in a high , dense state * * Then nearly 14 billion years ago * The Earth began to cool t ! * * The autotrophs began to drool , Neanderthals developed tools *

 * Math , Science , History , unraveling the mystery *
 * hat all started with a big bang *

 I don 't get how she can just announce that an old boyfriend is going to be sleeping on her couch .
 Hey , I thought of a game we can play in the car .
 I don 't want to play a game , Sheldon .
 It 's called " Scientists . "
 Now , I will name three scientists , then you will put them in order of the size of their contribution to their respective fields .
 To make this game even more compelling , you must consider only the contribution of the man to the field , not the validity of the field itself .
 For example : Abu Musa Jabir ibn Hayn made a greater contribution to the discredited field of alchemy than Halbert Vanderplatt made to neurobiology .
 Okay , ready to have some fun ?

 An old boyfriend who 's definitely not gay .
 That 's what a guy likes to hear -- " definitely . "
 All right , I 'll start with an easy one : Um , Isaac Newton , Madame Curie and Niels Bohr .
 And then I say one little thing and I end up being the bad guy ! Hint :
 Madame Curie had her husband to help her . What am I supposed to say ?
 " Sure , Penny , I 'm cool with your old boyfriend sleeping in your apartment . "
 " Well , Leonard , it doesn 't matter if you 're cool or not
 " because I 'm Penny and I 'm pretty and I can do whatever the hell I want ! " " Oh , I get it !
 " You think you 're doing me a favor just by being in a relationship with me ! " " No , no , Leonard !
 I 'm doing you a favor just by being in the same room as you ! " Leonard !
 Stop the car ! What ?
 I can 't listen to the two of you fight anymore .

 Come on , come on , we 're late . Calm down .
 We 'll make the movie .
 I believe my alarm is appropriate , given the situation .
 The movie starts in 17 minutes , which means we 'll need to make all the lights on Colorado Boulevard , plus skip the concession stand , and preshow urination .
 Oh , dude , I wish you had said something before pounded that last Red Bull .
 SHELDON :
 Go , go , Power Rangers , go !
 Hey .
 Hey .
 We 're , uh , going to the movies . No , we 're not .
 We 're standing in the hallway , suffering through an awkward encounter .
 Hang on .

 You wouldn 't want to come , would you ? Not really , no .
 All right , invitation pointlessly offered , invitation declined as expected , everyone 's civil , nobody 's fighting .
 Have a nice evening .
 Just give us a minute .
 Oh , take all the time you need .
 So , are we going to talk about last night ? Are you ready to apologize ?
 No . ( imitates buzzer ) Wrong answer . But thank you for playing .
 Oh , come on .
 This is stupid . Oh , there it is again !
 You think I 'm stupid !
 No , there 's a difference between being stupid and acting stupid .
 Oh , yeah ? well , there 's a difference between being a jerk and being an ass ! No , there isn 't !
 They 're synonyms !
 Well , that was rather unpleasant .
 Yeah , I don 't think I need my preshow urination anymore .
 Leonard , when that woman moved in three years ago I told you not to talk to her , and now look . we 're going to be late for the movies .




 Got it .
 Remember this one ?
 Spider- Man loses a big fight and then his girlfriend breaks up with him . Hmm .
 Want me to get it for you ? It 'll help take your mind off things .
 Hey , guys .
 What 's going ?
 Oh , we need to kill a couple hours Oh , well , no problem .
 I was thinking of closing early and going home , but let 's face it , that 's just a slightly smaller lonely room filled with comic books .
 Thanks , Stuart .
 Let me ask you something .
 Do you think it 's okay for Penny to have an ex- boyfriend sleep on her couch ?
 No , I mean , she 's obviously way out of line . Thank you !
 But if she dumps you , she 'll have a new boyfriend by tomorrow morning and you 'll have a new girlfriend when you figure out how to build one .
 So the only question is : how long until you fold ? I am not going to fold .
 Well , excuse me , I don 't think
 Penny 's out of line at all . You don 't own her .
 It 's like my girl , Beyonce says
 " If you like it , you shoulda put a ring on it . "
 WOLOWlTZ :
 Come on .
 At the very least , when she found out Leonard was upset about it , she should 've backed off .
 You mean like when a guy 's upset because his friend agreed to take a cooking class with him and then doesn 't show up because he 's doing a juice fast with his mother ?
 I didn 't know you were upset about that . Really !
 Did you miss all the subtle indicators , like me saying , " Howard , I am upset . " Okay , sorry .
 Maybe it means something different in this country .
 Back in India , it means you 're upset with a guy named Howard !
 I said I 'm sorry .
 Sorry doesn 't make up for the fact that I had to make chicken and rice with this vegan guy .
 Do you know what vegan chicken and rice is ? Rice !
 Yeah , well , you think I was having fun , sitting around all night listening to my mother say ,
 " Have you ever peed so much in your life ? "
 Oh , my God , you are such a mama 's boy . WOLOWlTZ :
 Hey , don 't bring my mother into this ! You brought your mother into this !
 Stop it , both of you .
 All this fighting , I might as well be back with my parents !
 " Damn it , George ,
 I told you if you didn 't quit drinkin ' I 'd leave you ! "
 " Well , I guess that makes you a liar . ' Cause I 'm drunk as hell and you 're still here ! " " Stop yelling !
 You 're making Sheldon cry ! " " I 'll tell you what 's making Sheldon cry !
 That I let you name him Sheldon . "
 Boy , what got him so upset ?
 Oh , sure , you can tell when Sheldon 's upset .
 Oh , thank you very much . Come back soon .
 With the other half of my tip . ( sighs )
 Hey , Sheldon . What are you doing here ?
 This is a restaurant . It 's lunchtime .
 I would think , as a waitress , you 'd be familiar with the paradigm . Is Leonard coming ?
 No , I believe Leonard is waiting for you to come crawling back to him and apologize .
 Well , that 's not gonna happen .
 I assumed that would be your attitude . Hence , my true purpose in coming here . Which is ?
 I want you to crawl back to him and apologize .
 I 'm busy .
 Excuse me , miss .
 I 'd like to order lunch .
 Fine .
 What do you want ?
 I have a few questions .
 First , I notice that you offer soup and a half- sandwich ?
 Yes .
 Where exactly does the half- sandwich come from ?
 Are you giving me half of someone else 's sandwich , or do I have to wait for someone else in the restaurant to order the other half ?
 No , no , Sheldon , they just make a half- sandwich .
 You can 't make a half- sandwich .
 If it 's the half of a whole sandwich , it 's just a small sandwich .
 Okay , fine , it 's soup and a small sandwich . Is that what you want ?
 Of course not .
 I 'll have my usual .
 Great .
 Aren 't you going to ask me if I want a beverage ?
 Don 't you usually get lemonade ? Yes . Do you want lemonade ?
 Yes .
 Anything else ? Yes -- I want you to apologize to Leonard .
 I am not going to apologize . I 've done nothing wrong .
 He is completely overreacting .
 Irrelevant . The disruption in your relationship is making my life intolerable .
 Well , I 'm sorry , Sheldon , but this really isn 't about you . I don 't follow .
 Yeah , yeah , I 'll be right there .
 Look , Sheldon , I have to go .
 that in this case , Leonard is wrong .
 Considering the number of transgressions you 've committed that he 's overlooked , don 't you think that , just this once , you could return the favor ?
 I 'm coming .
 Good- bye , Sheldon .
 ( sighs )
 What do you mean , transgressions I 've committed ?
 Were you under the impression that Leonard has no complaints about you ? Like what ? !
 Yeah , yeah , I see you .
 You 're making a little check sign in the air . I got it .
 Just hold your horses .
 What does Leonard complain about ? Your driving .
 The plethora of stuffed animals on your bed that stare at him during your amorous activities .
 Your constant tardiness , your singing . My singing ?
 That 's actually from my list .
 But Leonard would be a fool if he didn 't agree with it .
 Okay , if Leonard has so many problems with me , why hasn 't he just said so ?
 Because , according to him , you 're oversensitive and have a temper . Oh , really ?
 Well , then , do me a favor and tell Leonard that he can drop dead !
 And she wonders why she 's constantly undertipped .
 Hey .
 Oh , good , you 're home . I need you to do me a favor .
 Sure .
 Go apologize to Penny . What ? !
 Right now would be good . ( loud knocking ) PENNY :
 Leonard !
 Although , a few minutes ago would have been better . PENNY :
 I hear you don 't like my stuffed animals , my driving or my punctuality . What ?
 Who would tell you something like that ?
 Why would you tell her something like that ?
 It doesn 't matter why he told me .
 It 's true , isn 't it ?
 Okay , yeah , it 's true , but I can live with that stuff .
 What I can 't live with is you casually informing me that some guy 's going to be staying in your apartment without even asking me first !
 That isn 't even your problem ! Your problem is you don 't trust me ! Oh , come on .
 Sheldon , have you ever once heard me say that I don 't trust Penny ? Sheldon ?
 Where did he go ?
 PENNY :
 Oh , your yelling must have freaked him out again . Where are you going ? !
 You just walk away in the middle of an argument ? ! No .
 I 'm going to go find your damn roommate before he hurts himself trying to cross the street or something ! Why didn 't you say so ?
 Oh , now I need your permission for that , too ? !
 Well , I can 't read your mind , Penny ! Really ?
 Why not ? You 're so smart , and I 'm so dumb !
 Raj ?
 Raj ? Raj ?
 KOOTHRAPPALl : Stop knocking ! It 's open !
 Please tell my parents that our dark matter research is at a critical juncture , and I can 't come home for my cousin Sanjay 's wedding .
 MRS. KOOTHRAPPALl :
 Sheldon , ask our son what we 're supposed to say to Mr. and Mrs. Cheldry , whose daughter , Lakshmi is flying in from London , for the sole purpose of meeting him .
 I didn 't ask you to set me up with Lakshmi . You should be thanking us !
 Yes -- Lakshmi just got her stomach stapled .

 You have an opportunity to get in good with her before she loses weight , and her self- esteem goes up . I don 't care !
 And why don 't you think I can find a woman for myself ?
 Because you 're 27 , and the closest thing we have to a daughter- in- law is that Jewish boy Howard .
 Oh .. that is completely below the belt .
 Sheldon , tell my parents that Howard and I are just friends . Sheldon ?

 Howard and I are just friends !
 Fine .
 I 'll come home for Sanjay 's wedding .
 ( sighs ) ( shouting ) : Sheldon ? ! ( whistling )
 What are you doing ? He 's not a lost dog .
 Hey , why don 't you just let me find him while you sit there hitting your imaginary brake ?
 The brake might be imaginary , but that stop sign you just ran wasn 't . What stop sign ?
 Eyes on the road .
 Eyes on the road !
 ( doorbell rings )
 MOTHER :
 Howard , answer the door ! I 'm busy !
 WOLOWlTZ :
 I 'm busy too . You answer it .
 MOTHER :
 I can 't ! I 'm on the toilet ! WOLOWlTZ :
 For God 's sake , I don 't need to hear that !
 Can 't you just say , " I 'm busy " ? MOTHER :
 I said I 'm busy , but that wasn 't good enough for you ! WOLOWlTZ : You know what ?
 I hope it 's one of those home invasion deals , And they shove me in the head .
 Well , if it 's a home invader , don 't tell them I 'm on the toilet !
 MOTHER :
 There 's no one there .
 You 're hearing things , you crazy old lady !
 Hey , Stuart , have you seen Sheldon ?
 Yeah , he 's , uh , over in the graphic novel section .
 Built himself a little nest . Thank you .
 Uh , Penny ?
 Yeah ?
 Is everything okay ?
 What do you mean ?
 Uh , Sheldon told me you and Leonard were having a fight ?
 Oh , yeah , kind of . It 's- It 's no big thing . Oh , good , good .
 I love you .

 I 'm not leaving until you talk to me . All right , what 's going on ?
 It 's a little hard to explain .
 He does this thing where he pretends he 's in an alternate dimension that occupies the same physical space we 're in , but he can 't perceive us .
 Don 't flatter yourself .
 I 'm just ignoring you .
 Come on , Sheldon , let 's go home . Look , we 're done fighting .
 I 've heard that before .
 But then , the next thing you know ,
 I 'm hiding in my bedroom , blaring a Richard Feinman lecture while my mom is shouting that Jesus would forgive her if she put ground glass in my dad 's meatloaf .
 And my dad 's on the roof skeet- shooting her Franklin Mint collectible plates .
 There 's going to no more shouting and no skeet- shooting .
 Really ?
 Where 's your friend Justin going to sleep ?
 Yeah ... where 's he gonna sleep ?
 Oh , my God , would you let this go ? ! STUART :
 I 'd let it go .
 Why should I let it go ?
 Why don 't you just tell the guy to find another place to sleep ? ! ( robot playing ominous music )
 Oh , for God 's sakes . ( turns robot off )
 So , you have childhood issues .
 We all have childhood issues .
 At some point , you just need to grow up and get past them . ROBOT :
 Fire ! Fire ! ( robot firing blasters )
 Leonard , will you just let me handle this , please ?
 Let ... just ... Look ... ( robot shouting ) Again !
 Fire ! Fire !
 ( turns robot off )
 Sheldon , please , try and understand .
 Look , Leonard and I are in a relationship , and occasionally , we 're going to fight .
 But no matter what happens between us , we will always love you .
 Right , Leonard ?
 Always is a long time . Sure .
 Always .
 You know , how about we buy you this robot , and then we all go home ?
 I want that one . Okay , you can have that one .
 Oh , come on , he 's just going to play with it twice , and then it 'll end up in his closet with all the other junk .
 Buy him the robot , Leonard .
 Can I get this comic book , too ? ( baby talk ) :
 Yes , you can .
 ( sighs )
 We meet again .
 So what did Justin say when you told him he couldn 't sleep on your couch ? He 's a musician .
 He 'll sleep in his own vomit , if he has to .
 I should have asked for much more than a comic book and a robot .

