black mirror black mirror black mirror
black mirror
ready to start

Please make your statement from the beginning of the events of last May

I started investigating this case on May 15th
Could you please move the microphone closer
0 0 : 0 1 : 4 0 , 8 6 0 - -&gt; 0 0 : 0 1 : 4 6 , 1 8 0 Is May 15th close enough
I started investigating this case on May 15th
first day
subtitle group
Original translation with bilingual subtitles
For learning only, Prohibited to be used for any commercial profit. Please visit Z i M u Z u to download the latest and fastest overseas film and television subtitles
Translation: Octopus Excheque dust salt lake cool water Xiaoran
Translation: Peach Bunny Eats Popsicle Almond Scarlett Yogurt !
Translation: showeryhe king of nonsense
Timeline: Qian Qianxi Cha Ans Linka
Post-production: Gigi proofreading / special effects / supervisor: black grass
Treasurer Tom Pickering to explain government 's stance on disability benefits
More than 20,000 people have signed a petition in response to growing anger over the death of so-called  'wheelchair martyr ' Gwen Marbury
Newspaper columnist Joe Bowles fired for her controversial article on Gwen Marbury
Environmental groups declare another species extinct
The species has completely disappeared due to the unprecedented shrinking of wetlands on which the crane population depends.
The artificial bee, a robotic insect that simulates a bee
Activated again this summer



hope you know shame
- bitch- lucky
8 6 new messages mentioned you


you are powers
Joe Bowles
Will the contents of that box explode?
It was brought to you by the bakery
- thanks, thanks

back darling

Your 'fans' are so creative
stinky bitch
you still have the heart to eat
This is cake for people to eat
I 'm going to take a bath
Joe Bowles
Unique vision
forge ahead
brave and outspoken
What 'martyr' need not cry
 'Wheelchair martyr ' Gwen Marbury is hailed as a hero, Joe Bowles thinks her public suicide is the worst to get attention
Joe Bowles is what dick stuff is written by human-shaped rubbish, please show some respect. Hope you 'll be in a wheelchair someday. Joe Bowles learns from Gwen, at least she really speaks out against unreasonable cuts and not just Spoil you shit Joe Bowles shameless you bitch don 't have any sympathy

You have 200+ new messages, of which 96 mention you
Wanted to make a joke about @writerjoe powers but she 's a bitch
Bitchy bitch looks like @WriterJoe Bowles
@writerjoe powers fuck you
nasty woman
disgusting bitch
joe powers# to die
Just a Bitch @ Writer Joe Bowles

Grammy Award-winning rapper Tasker is a guest

posted a video imitating you
But our favorite is this one
It 's a guy named Alan Sheehan.
nine years old
This kid looks stupid
not good at dancing
He 's only nine, please, he 's already dancing well
What rubbish is this little bastard dancing
He should give up learning something else as soon as possible.
- Tasker - Don 't hate me for telling the truth
He 's just a stupid little bastard who can 't dance at all
He 's your hardcore fan Tasker
don 't hate me tell the truth
Who doesn 't learn from scratch
Since I learned from zero, I can dance much better than him.




- Chief Inspector Parker - not interviewed
no i am not a journalist
Trainee Sergeant Bran Colson is your sidekick.
My escort they said
Sorry to call me Karin
- you just said your name is - blan
- The blue of the blue - yes not a nickname
my dad likes this word

- Have you seen a dead body before - a few times?
- But in the video- Boss
This is Blan, my sidekick
- Sheriff Nick Shelton - what 's going on
Joe Bowles - that 's that - that 's that Joe Bowles

I read her article about the disabled woman before
Introductory articles designed to irritate
That shit is so unreasonable that I even signed the petition
want to ruin her job
let 's go

Neighbors called the police when they heard her screaming.
What a fight



Is anyone else at home?
Her husband was slashed in the stomach
- she stroked - don 't know
He was taken to St. Columbus Hospital in a coma.

@WriterJoe Bowles What you write makes me sick
Look at the cops locked down @writerjoepowers ' home they can 't catch her alive cops are rumored to be at @writerjoepowers ' home hope they arrest her for her hate speech @her news is still going crazy Come
Look at the cops blocking the home of @WriterJoe Bowles they can 't catch her alive
Police rumoured to have arrived at @authorJoe Bowles ' home hoping they arrest her for her hate speech
@AuthorJoe Bowles article is vicious fire her
The windows are tied
Are there any other entrances?
No and there are surveillance cameras outside the front door
Do you have the camera password?


Well, check the video first
Take samples and send them to the Toxicology Department for testing
Give her a full autopsy
We 'll question her husband when he wakes up

let 's go


- You think it 's your husband - I think it 's all possible
Throat cutting is not common
but you think he did it
nothing is clear now
If something like this happens, it 's either drunk or drugged or a fight.
Eight achievements are like this

- did you drive home? - no driver 's license, no test
I 'm still waiting for autonomous driving
- Get on the train. - No need for me to take the subway
boarding
All right


you were in the tech crime department
Data Assurance Section is responsible for computer technology
So why are you bored?
neither
You 've seen what people are hiding in this stuff
Conspiracies, kill lists, child pornography, nothing boring
I still remember
People keep these things in their heads
yeah but now they
Entrust these things to this little helper
This thing absorbs our personality
know everything about us
Since it 's not boring, why leave the forensics department

Rannoch case
- Ian Rannoch - To The Child Killer
I was the one who cracked his memorabilia folder.

So you see those pictures too
And all the videos
The kind of thing that can change you at a glance

You either break it down or think... . .
You 're thinking 'fuck me I have to stop these scumbags'

right
- work in the field - what field
You know what I mean, in the real world
We can really stop bad things, right?
you are too young
maybe you 're too old
be careful



thank you
- see you tomorrow- good boss

Joe Bowles found dead at home as columnist in London 's West End
The veteran columnist has been caught in the whirlpool of public opinion recently because she wrote an article
Article on disability rights activist Gwen Marbury
Police have yet to determine cause of death
the next day
police station





- Started so early - I asked Nick to show me the surveillance
- is it - uh

No one came in and out all night only Joe and her husband
- And that one - the one in the back yard, it looks like it 's been down for a few months. Maybe someone got in there.
Then they have to climb over the fence to get in and commit the crime and then get out.
And know in advance that the camera is broken
However, it is possible that strictly speaking
so sorry


very enthusiastic
people beg me
search
search
username
Key words
@Writer Joe Bowles
@Writer Joe Bowles
bitch bitch
fuck shit to kill
Going Rough @ Writer Joe Bowles
I would laugh if @writerjoe powers died
Everyone Come Petition Immediately Fire @WriterJoe Bowles
@WriterJoe BowlesLet 's be burned to death
I would laugh if @writerjoe powers died
Everyone Come Petition Immediately Fire @WriterJoe Bowles
If @writerjoepowers dies I 'll laugh y 'all come to petition for immediate expulsion @writerjoepowers
@WriterJoe BowlesLet 's be burned to death
@WriterJoe BowlesLet 's be burned to death
@WriterJoe Bowles is a damn bitch
@WriterJoe BowlesLet 's be burned to death
@WriterJoe Bowles is a damn bitch
is it
I 'm collecting all the
Joe Bowles Threats and Abusive

Even my husband, it 's just a coincidence, right?
Not everyone greets your family of eight
The pressure on these two must have exploded.
This kind of Internet hotspot changes in a blink of an eye like the weather
It 's just that the spray on the mouth is not serious
But the hatred in marriage is three-dimensional and real
It 's from the heart

what happened i got divorced
Husband wakes up and speaks
You must have liked his alibi
St. Columbus Hospital

I heard Joe screaming upstairs
After I ran in
I saw her running around the house
what is she catching
She 's scratching her head and seems to be in great pain
Then all of a sudden she stopped like twitching and she was just like that
pump hard
scratch yourself hard

Then she turned around and took her head

slam on the table
Then she pushed me away
The wine bottle must have smashed at that time.
Then she picked up the pieces and started cutting herself
cut here, chisel here

i want to stop her

but she stabbed me
Then she slit her own throat
i want to stop her
She cut her throat with broken glass


Self-harm and suicide for no apparent reason
I 'd say it 's unlikely
He said she seemed to be twitching
Maybe it 's something in the cake
- Cake - the one that says 'Stinky Bitch'
- Maybe there 's something in it - drugs?
- I don 't know - suicidal drugs
He 's somewhat believable

- He really doesn 't look like that - don 't say anything like that
He 's just an ordinary man
Why was that when he hit her head on the table
- Bran- he was holding her tight . . .
- Bryan- what 's the matter
- Toxicology is testing the cake - all right

At the same time we went to visit the person who delivered the cake
Just found it this morning



- You don 't have to coax me - isn 't that what you want to check?
- Investigate another clue - but you think it 's a waste of time
Most of the time our job is to investigate dead ends
to prove they are dead ends
I didn 't say it was a waste of time
It 's just that you 're not tired of reality

ok i 'm kidding you
Is this the one who delivered the cake?
Lisa Baja Girl
- Have we checked her social information - I don 't know
Lisa Baja
search
Colbion Manor Primary School
it 's a good school


'Joe Powers Die'
Lisa Baja @ writerjoe powers #death
Lisa Baja @ writerjoe powers #death
Her Monday morning post by Lisa Baja @writerjoepowers #die
Lisa Baja @ writerjoe powers #death
The cake shop said they don 't write such dirty words
So I said it was just a joke for my sister
they agreed

Their cakes are not cheap.
£80 plus delivery


Not all I paid
- we each paid a pound - we
to me on a mom and caregiver message board
I did a fundraiser
- Your crowdfunding money - right so to speak
80 other people donated money
listen i didn 't
I 'm not kidding okay I know she 's dead
But have you read what she wrote?
Do you think she writes that kind of stuff
how much money
I have no idea
I just exercised my right to free speech
I 'm here to send a threatening message. Sounds like a fun idea, okay?
I understand if I do it alone
would be a little weird
but i 'm not crazy

you want her to die
NO, I have not

'Joe Powers Die'
That 's just . . .
Tag games like 'Who 's Who 's Going to Die'
You attach the name of some scumbag
That 's not serious it 's a joke

who initiated the tag
I don 't know where I saw it
we are sorry


Toxicologist says cake is ok
They also said 'thank you the cake is delicious'


We 're giving her a warning under the Offensive Speech Act
- Does it count on the cake? - As far as she is concerned


What about other people who donated money?
Are you going to blame them too?
- I didn 't do anything - go post online
Lisa Baja @ writerjoe powers #death
That husband will be discharged tomorrow
we 'll bring him for questioning

Bran, we 're going to arrest that husband
Don 't think about it anymore. Netizens will be angry with another object today.
Tasker
Everyone 's mad at Tasker
because of what he did to that kid

He was bombarded on social networks
Tasker 's inappropriate comments anger the Internet
Lisa should be organizing cake orders by now
- see you tomorrow - bye
Really hope that Tasker 's career ends here is a sucker @rappertasker
Tasker is a bitch @rappertasker
go home taskertasker#die
go home taskertasker#die
Not too classy and the kid is so cute @rappertasker
Liverpool Apollo
Tasker


Where are my beauties?


beautifully done
yeah good performance bro
- I 'm so excited- Want some of this?
- you 're still smoking this - good stuff dude alright
I go


monitoring, monitoring
don 't worry it 's legal here
I always forget welcome to Europe
- It 's still a bit of a loss of fun - and you need to be careful if you break it.


always mess up
Tasker Tasker
need help here




- here I am - let it out let it out
let it out
call the ambulance

Start


- Did he say something? - No
day three
- good morning - early

she is here
I checked carefully
It 's not just the glass wound that has a hole
The hole drilled is like a small tunnel
I 'll just look in there to see how deep it goes from the ear canal to the depths of the brain

Then I found this
Just staying there seems pretty comfortable
- What kind of bee is this - artificial bee
Autonomous robotic insects developed by the Particle Project
- How did it get in - I think it was a hole in it
- fuck- that 's not the worst
it just crawled up the back of her insula
the pain center of the brain
that was excruciating pain
You 'll do anything to make it stop
even cut his own throat





- Good afternoon - Chief Inspector Parker
- Trainee Constable Bran Colson - Thank you



These companies are so fucking gorgeous
- Spend billions to build a brand - they can afford it
The entire artificial bee project is basically government-funded
So so many people are worried about it
I guess some people on the internet
They think the government uses these bees to spy on us
What a schizophrenic worldview.

gosh
I never expected to live in the future
But I 'm in the future now
Karin Parker

Vanessa Dahl
please follow me


Do you want to know about artificial bee colony engineering
That 's right
is there any reason
have

Rasmus


Rasmus Sjoberg
He 's the head of the swarm project, nice to meet you
- nice greenhouse - yeah

then tell me about your bee artificial bee
Colony Collapse Syndrome We Still Don 't Know Why
Bees are almost extinct
So our artificial bees are equivalent to replacing them
They are solar powered and don 't take nectar but they also pollinate the flowers
they crawl in and the pollen sticks to their legs
then drop on the next flower
do they make honey no i 'm just kidding


How do they know where the flowers are
they have sensors
Like cameras are not just basic vision sensors
They require a basic pattern recognition system
to locate the same flora and navigate
- they can navigate - yes
you do not need
control them?
They act autonomously, right?
They make their own decisions and take care of themselves
To cover the whole of the UK with artificial bees
We can 't control each bee individually
operationally impossible
Yes we just set behaviors and let them act on their own
They even build their own hives
They breed - breed - yes

Each hive is a copy point - like a 3D printer - that 's right
they create their own replicas
Build more hives to expand exponentially
- Covering the whole country - maybe you should come and work here
yeah i researched this
very impressive
Yes
But it 's a pity to rely on this method
Without them an environmental catastrophe
bees are dying
So why are you here?
We think one of your artificial bees
May be involved in an unidentified death
what death

thanks



Yes it 's ours
But they weren 't designed to . . .
Kill me too I hope it doesn 't malfunction
not when they fail
Occasionally happens but they just break out of the box
dropped on the floor
If someone hacked in and found a way to control them, no way.
Their encryption is military grade
You also need a diagnostic controller that is encrypted too
So I look at that possibility . . .
I don 't understand what he 's talking about
But it doesn 't sound impossible

Here are all our hives online
Look
These are the hives here
Average number of bees per hive
about four thousand
- like air traffic control - that 's right
is that the search box
yes but - sorry - you need

joe powers zip code

is it for her
- you say there will be glitches - rarely true
Hit a car or something and someone catch them
Put them in the microwave and make a video to upload
This will log all dropped artificial bees
record everything right
Did you guys have any artificial bees around here on Monday night dropping calls?
i can check

Only one dropped at 19:03
i can play back
that one
strange how strange
when they enter a new hive
transfer of jurisdiction
Is this like . . . a phone between cell towers?
Yes it does but nothing receives it
unless someone fakes a beehive
They hacked your artificial bee this way
No, that would still require a diagnostic controller
What is the control range of a controller, maybe 10 to 20 meters


so the guy who controls this
within 20 meters
outside the house
yes maybe even in a car
Can you find out who did this?
You can already start checking

do you know
It will be faster if no one is watching

Okay, you two exchange phone numbers to keep in touch.
Can you shut down the whole system if necessary
A brief shutdown can damage the ecosystem. We also need EPA approval.
We need a list of all the people in the particle program who have access to the system
Both active and resigned
some are government employees
Mark them in a different font if possible
goodbye



Nick, this is the employee profile for the pellet program
Find any suspects
Maybe not a single person, maybe a gang
- That- we should actually report this to the National Crime Agency
But they can 't take this case from me
The National Crime Agency already knew
what

Chief Inspector Karin Parker

- Yes - Sean Lee National Crime Agency
what wind brought you
more than together




This is what happened to Tasker last night
- Shit- they thought it was convulsions and they took him to the hospital and had to give him anesthesia to stop him from self-harm.
X-ray display
He had plaques or tumors in his brain and they did an MRI on him
Yes
It was a big magnet that pulled this out of his head and through the eye socket.
Artificial bees are also damaged
Yours is more complete
I need to take it for analysis
this is evidence
The two cases form a rule
That 's not a malfunction
Two victims have similar characteristics
are the people who are being denounced online if you want to kill someone
There are countless simpler ways
This way you can start across the street
Does not leave fingerprints and DNA
It 's like cursed them to death

Hold

Hold

come here everyone

Well . . . both Joe Bowles and Tasker have been scolded for a long time online
But for both of them, when people post pictures
Will also add this hashtag #dietasker# damn it - just like that teacher - yes
She doesn 't know when she first heard about it
But look back
This label appears to have only appeared last weekend
Who used it looks like . . .
Seems like a bunch of zombies tweeted the same thing
is automatic
like spam
Someone wants to promote this hashtag
sent out like a bait
Someone wants everyone to start using it
Check out the avatar of the tweeter
Honey bee demon
Well more than that


Each tweet is accompanied by an instructional video
Aftermath Game see 'Aftermath Game'
like an unpopularity contest
Pick someone you don 't like if enough people pick him
Then he is the target
Look
aftermath game
Go to hell - the first step to choose a target - oh my god
Step 2 Post their name and photo
Tag #to die
The third most popular target
will be removed after 5pm every night
Step 4 Game resets at midnight - no - fuck
to die
Someone is manipulating the public vote to get rid of the top voter
God it 's crazy
yeah and it 's spreading
Day 16 3 people tagged Joe Powers
2 2 3 people tagged Tasker the next day
- Who else is tagging now - so much more than before
There are quite a few people who have tagged the Minister of Wealth, of course, but number one is . . .
8 8 0 people
Tagged Clara Meads - who is she - Clara Meads
Okay
She appears to be at a demonstration
She took a selfie in front of the war memorial
Pretend to pee on it
Well done Clara
Voting is almost over
The number of people mentioning her is still growing
- The Tasker case isn 't open yet.- No
People don 't know how useful labels are
They 're trying to scare her with it
Yeah but they 'll kill her
We have to find her before five o 'clock
hmm is calling up her civic info
You shouldn 't have permissions for that
I know I just want to get her location
Clara Meads
Currently located in London, UK
found it
@Clara Meads your imminent death will take you by surprise
The worst trash ever Clara Meads #die
Too presumptuous and shameless why not hang yourself @Clara Miz
Clara Meads #die
@Clara Miz what the hell
They sacrificed for your freedom
fuck your mom @ clara mitz tell the truth # fuck
Seriously, some people really should... hello


she is at
Okay, wait a minute, don 't hang up
Clara
police looking for you

How did they know my phone number
- Hello - Clara Meads
I 'm Chief Inspector Karin Parker from London Police, sorry to find you this way
but we think you 're in danger
sorry is this a prank because these messages i got are not funny
It 's not a prank, stay where we are, we 'll find you
close the windows
I 'll set the cordon
Call Rasmus, we need his help




- Rasmus - Hi Bran I sent you a zip code and my location
you have to monitor the area
Track my location for anomalies
Is there a malfunctioning artificial bee
OK
I should be able to catch them if they do it again
I 've laid a trap
If they do it again we can catch them


- Are you Batman - this is a new product
This turns all red lights green on the way
Damn if the National Crime Agency was this shit
I should apply for a transfer
let 's go


we can take her here
It 's a safe house for terrorist informants

I don 't see the target
This is a police action

Everyone please evacuate immediately
Please evacuate . . .


Intrusion detected
- what 's the matter - someone wants to hack



- Rasmus - I found someone trying to hack
The Good Particle Project found an intrusion over there


- An artificial bee just dropped - where
- 800 meters from you - outside our security zone
If someone wants to make artificial bees fly this way
As soon as they see the police they will make a U-turn




- Clara Meads - it 's me
I 'm Karin Parker, have you packed your bags?
- Packed up and put it by the door - let 's go


- Has Rasmus tracked them down? - Not yet
tracking

Just in case you stay for one night

I will report



not yet
I hope the particle plan is not checked at all
clear


Sean said an informant once lived here
there must be children
Do you have a kid
- No no
no plan

go upstairs



Rasmus
Still no progress I can 't follow

at least one more suite


- nothing - yes
Whoever did this covered up the trail very well

But that 's not . . .


- fuck- what 's the matter
- we lost a hive - what does that mean
It 's full of artificial bees
All lost
- Brasmus - there are thousands
- where - near you
Rasmus says it again
blan blan is very close to you

text me text
Rasmus Text Fuck
can i redecorate


hello


Do not. . .
they control everything
we can 't control
- they control everything - what are you doing
fix it
- Can 't you fix it? - Shut up
run fast
Rasmus Sjoberg
run fast
Rasmus Sjoberg
Rasmus Sjoberg



Hold
we gotta go hurry hurry


run run run

what happened

Karin


go in and go


- help me plug the crack in the door - what 's the matter
You are going to scare me to death


Hold


ventilation fan ventilation fan

leave me alone

Take it easy

I 've seen so many dead bodies
At the crime scene at the autopsy
But I 've never seen a person die
she 's right in front of me
Can you describe the reaction of your colleague Miss Coulson
Blaine was hit hard


i will shut it down
We thought there was a mysterious person nearby
Hijacked and took control of an artificial bee
But there were just hundreds - so it couldn 't be one - yes
- one person can 't control that many bees at the same time - yes
Whoever they are they control the whole system
Do you know where they are controlled from?
I don 't know where is possible
you gotta figure it out

How do artificial bees know who the target is

Probably you are using a method through the identity database
No that can only find the approximate area
We were in the room at the time but they only stung her
Facial recognition is definitely facial recognition
That is to say, the signal of the vision sensor is also hacked.
- Impossible - this is the only explanation
The visual signal between each artificial bee and the hive is encrypted

- yeah - but
One of the conditions of government support for the program is . . . - good enough - we have to agree - enough - when government security needs it
give them visual signals
to 'strengthen national security'
As far as I understand, almost anytime
- I 'm not happy - you agreed
You don 't give us much choice
- Then they 're really spying on us - it 's all classified
what did you do
Did you open a back door to GCHQ?
You can get surveillance and control traffic cameras
you haven 't interfered
There are millions of these out there flying around and supporting our ecosystem. It 's too good to save the planet.
The government won 't because of a few words of a laboratory staff
and 200 upvotes for billions
They see an opportunity to take advantage of it
national surveillance
We can track suspects in ways they never imagined for weeks on end
We stopped the bombing mass shooting
by spying on the public
And keep them safe, that 's what they want, but Clara Miz isn 't safe, is it Sean?

If you had told us earlier, we might have been able to help
- but you don 't have to keep your secrets - all right
Well the government is an asshole
That 's what we 've known for a long time about Clara. It 's going to spread very quickly. People wake up early in the morning.
will learn about this crazy assassination game
The next corpse will appear soon

- So what do we do - I don 't know
We are completely blocked by the wall and can 't see anything
If only I could know how they invaded
I might be able to reverse engineer
Find a way to take back control
Does artificial bee have something like a command log or panel cache
- Yes but it 's encrypted - I need the decryption key


I went through employee files and found a few suspects
bring them
Are you coming? Interrogate the people from the Particle Project
i have other things


It 's 7:15
There have been three cases on the fourth day
Deaths related to the hashtag on social networks #fuck_dieis this real
Hahaha the first place should be PickeringTom Pickering# damn don 't use that hashtag to pervert
Controversial journalist Joe Bowles Charles Zeinner #diejen Frauday#die
This # **** or something must be a prank
simon siso # die
good morning did you post that tag
Is this true or is it an urban legend what to die for? Thousands of people have already participated
But do those people really deserve to die?
Someone is dying and we want to know what you think
Halleck Phantom 5
Free the white bear
Michael Carroll
to die
victoria skillland# die
If you tweet #die you have blood on your hands
tom pickering# die
send
Line 7 Liana
to die
Do not use it
to die
This is what is really happening Lord Farrington #die
I just want to see her die and it wasn 't the label that killed them
don 't post
lord farrington and all paedophiles #death
death tag vote
It 's just a game if you 're an asshole you deserve to be humiliated to death
Damn Steve Line 5
But I 'd say there 's always someone who 's going to be at the top of the list, Lord Farrington #die die
Then why can 't it be to die?
What about people who deserve it, like racists?
If someone has to die at five it 's better Tom Pickering# die
Get rid of Pickering now Tom Pickering #damn I see a celebrity politician tagged with this good news is we can get rid of the Chancellor of the Exchequer Tom Pickering #damn
Is this hashtag real #die
Whoever killed that bastard PickeringTom Pickering#Go to hell but that doesn 't mean you want to
Sit here to encourage everyone to participate
The problem is this has happened and people know they can all be involved
Because no one will know if they are involved or not, let 's stop and look at the current top five
We said before that the treasurer comes first
I hope you all think about it
This shows what the choice is up and down the country
Benson Parker Brown
Lord Farrington
Charlotte Walker
Jameson Carver
Tom Pickering
I 'm not surprised he 's at the top of the list, he 's already been very unpopular
But does that mean he deserves the top spot? I mean people don 't need to think too much
Now he 's number one
This will spark more discussion and maybe more people will vote
Connecting artificial bee HV 2 0 1 0 1 2 5 2
Thank you for taking the time


isn 't it?
no




- Sounds wonderful - Sean
- But when do we turn it off - Tom
please forgive me
Your department 's competence is questioned
- Tom - I 'm the meat on the cutting board now
The first person on the list is elected by the people
Farrington is fourth, he 's a pedophile
- Suspected pedophile - he is what you know

Let 's turn off all social networking the whole damn internet unplug the switch
just today
At least until this Thumbelina moves quickly
catch someone
I don 't recommend closing everything
- but it 's possible - the whole social network
- Yeah follow North Korea - technically yes
- OK then turn it off - that 's not a good idea - is it - not in my opinion
okay then
It 's just that as a target I disagree.
If we turn off you 're still the first
In fact, you must be the first
He 's right, there are at least a few more hours left.
Anything is possible before 5:00 The vote may change
Maybe not that report, that file.

1985 Memorandum on Farrington
- That thing has nothing to do with that - leaked out
Tom is smearing
It 's downright smearing, that 's what it means
He 's in his 80 's. Enough to live. Let him die.
can i suggest an alternative
We move you to a safe place
Protect you until five o 'clock
Did you do this well last night?
I show you



Next up is Tess Warland she 's low
So the technical level is not high
- Withdrawal from pellet program for personal reasons - neurasthenia
Worked in the Personnel Department of Granules before resigning
She posted a picture of a guy online saying he molested her
make obscene comments or something
He was later found to have a learning disability
So she was scolded badly for . . .
on social networks



Hello, I 'm Chief Inspector Karin Parker
Fix panel cache
feel like
A sudden storm
One after another abusive messages keep coming
I can 't describe the impact this has on me
Suddenly there are millions of invisible people talking about how they despise me
Just like a mental illness
Hold
What 's up

Damn I did make a mistake
But what saddens me the most is the way people happily demean me
their pleasure
I. . .
I just think I can 't take it

who found you
garnett my roommate
He found me in the bathtub five minutes after I cut my wrist

It was insane. I was about to lose my mind. He dragged me out of the tub.
I asked him to go out and I said 'I 'm not dressed' and he tied a towel around my wrist to keep me awake
keep stroking my hair and talking to me
until the ambulance arrives

It 's a little awkward, I think he 's always been interested in me
We 're working in the same place again so it 's embarrassing

- He works on pellets - yes to research artificial bees
He 's a prodigy
- Super smart. - What did you just say his name was?
Garnett Garnett Scholes



Garnett Scholes
We need to know where Garnett is . . .
Scholes, we were just about to tell you
This is hidden in the panel memory of that artificial bee by Joe Bowles
- what - a manifesto 98 pages manifesto
Tooth of Consequences
Garrett Scholes ' Manifesto
Check this out and take a selfie
it 's not a show

can we act



The bomb is deployed
Okay
back

ready
detonate
The plan is that we send you to a bunker
Blow up all the hives within ten miles
Then how long will it take to leave me there
This is only a temporary measure
How long does it take to get rid of all the hives
There are about 20,000 to 30,000, and it will take at least two years.
One victim a day for two years
More importantly, the environmental impact will... . .
fuck
The death
- what 's going on- fuck
don 't come don 't come
do not come


hurry up hurry up
God go away

what is your backup plan
Tooth of Consequences Garnett Scholes ' Manifesto

He was one of the first employees but we didn 't consider him
He left the country six months ago
I thought the person we were looking for was nearby
Track down his whereabouts and don 't let creative lunatics go anywhere.' Because of the technological revolution
We can express anger without consequence
file a complaint against others
Only by being forced to understand the power that technology gives us
Recognize personal responsibility . . . ' Is it all these things?
He compares humans to insects and says we like cruelty
This is a weakness we should eliminate, he repeated.
Make people face the consequences of their words and actions
force them to face
Is this whole thing a moral education?

He wants us to find this out and spread it
fuck
Nick Shelton
Garnett Scholes# to die

fuck
image extraction
Garnett Scholes# to die
send
send
Garnett Scholes# to die


The death
Karin Karin he neglected
He put together the documents himself, right?
Author name in metadata
But he erased everything else so we don 't know when he wrote it

Most of the photos were taken from the internet except this one
- his selfies - this is where he neglected
He took it with his cell phone
Phones geotagged on images
- do you know where he was filmed - yes
He 's here at Pellet headquarters
Nick Shelton
Garnett Scholes# to die



- Armed Police Get Down - Armed Police

- Armed police are not allowed to move - Armed police come out


past

left
- safety - safety
Safety

Live like the rich and famous


there the furnace


pretty
Half of the hard drives I checked in the forensics department were burned




- what do you think - looks like his kit
- Can it be used? - It can be said to be the key to open the door
Can you take back control? Send invalidation commands
I got his source code
- should be able to get him out - hurry up
key to open the door
This guy doesn 't look like someone who just throws away 'keys'
I 'm in
so that it fails
- i have to fix permissions first - damn



strangeness
strange what
- running out of time - this document was not there
- Is this document - yes

what is


- Blan - I think it 's the International Mobile Equipment Identification Number, what is that?
Every phone and every device has a unique number
the International Mobile Equipment Identification Number
tied to a specific user
- Yes - but I can do a reverse search
Another urgent
who are these people
I don 't know there are 387,000 people
Are these people collected by your spies?
- Aren 't you ready? - coming soon
slow down

What 's the name of the teacher who cursed the cake - Lisa Baja - Lisa Baja
I go

Here is a list of all the people who have used the hashtag
what
Anyone who played 'Consequences Game'
Lisa Baha appears to have obtained their identities through GCHQ
That back door appears to be a two-way
- see if there 's me - what
I tagged Scholes ' photo earlier
I just want to piss him off
uh you 're up there
Nick Shelton is getting better soon


Why did he collect the list of participants after all

well ready
shut down the system
- heck - shut down right now
Don 't think he left clues for us
- come on - photo with address info
He wouldn 't make such a big mistake, he knew we would
Now we 're going to shut down the system
This may lead to eventual events and events related to the list

What if they were his real targets?
those on the list
all those involved
Bear the consequences
Hate objects are just bait
The player is the target


- confirm closing - will you wait a moment
shut down the system
--Confirmation-- Misconduct
don 't... what are you doing
command sent
processing
Oni


All right
Okay
- fuck- sorry but had to do it




- no no no - what 's the matter
no no
- fuck- no
Oni
Do not

look

Unfortunately
We all know what happened next that week and the mass deaths that followed need no reminder
Everyone remembers
can 't forget

What happened to Ms. Colson

I think she blames herself
No I know she blames herself
She thinks it 's because she 's following his plan
just triggered the whole thing


She left the police station and I haven 't heard from her anymore
Called and emailed no reply
later
about four months later
they found her
on a beach
And a suicide note

did she kill herself
That 's right to guess
Ms Parker thank you
Take the time to come forward and give testimony
thanks
thanks
Skilan 's appeal dismissed by court
Saito Sho Announces New Game System Release
Artificial bees tell us the truth
we want #truth
Particle Project # to die
Righteousness

Predecessor
- thanks, thanks
The number does not show a new message
found him
found him
delete
