

0 0 : 0 0 : 0 1 , 6 5 0 - -&gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 0 5 , 4 1 0 It was a beautiful morning in East Texas T hekindofmorningthatma deyouwanttogetup , put on clothes to test the gravitational acceleration getdressedandtestthat accelerationduetogravity is not affected by the movement of objects in the morning doesnotdependonanobje ct 'smotion.
I love Saturdays so much.
The earth exerts the same gravitational acceleration on any object. The E arthcausesthesamegrav itationalacceleration ofeverything, whether you are a figure or a table tennis ball evenadollandaflying P ing - P ongball .
People in science It  'snotoftenamanofscienc e seldom say 'cheating' but . . . getstosay ' Yippeeki - yay , ' and meanit , but . . .
Cheating Yi ippeeki - yay .

Good morning Herschel Morning , Herschel .
George you didn 't see a dog Hey , George . U h , youdidn  ' tseeadog
Come to your house for a walk wandering around here , didyou ?
No, you have dogs No o .
Y ' a l l   g e t   a   d o g ?
Forget it, my brother-in-law is moving to a fenced community U h , sortof .
W e   t o o k   h i m   i n   a f t e r   m y   b r o t h e r - i n - l a w
We adopted this dog hadtogoliveinagatedco mmunity . Does it feel good that they don 't allow pets there Oh , thatsoundsnice ; uh , theygotanopetspolicy ?
Is to jail George He  ' sinjail , George .
Okay Right , sure .
There is nothing in physics better than the feeling of predicting an outcome. Inphysics, nothingfeelsbettertha npredictinganoutcome.
I love predictability. I love predictability.
T heforceofgravity : predictable .
Nuclear fusion is predictableN uclearfusion : predictable . My brother pees in the showerM ybrotherpeeinginthesh ower :
Disgusting but predictable repulsive , but predictable . What is unpredictable Whatisn  ' tpredictable :
Dogs . I 've always been afraid of dogs I  'vealwaysbeenterrified ofdogs .
To me they are a big plush question mark T ome , they  ' renothingbutbig , furryquestionmarks .
Toothed question mark Questionmarkswithteeth .
In moments of panic I often lose consciousness
And this time I only lost my voice T histime , I only lostmyvoice .
Help Help . P leasehelp . ♪ No one in the world is stronger than me♪ ♪ No bodyelseisstrongerth an I am ♪
♪ Yesterday I moved a mountain ♪ ♪ Y esterday I movedamountain ♪
♪ I believe I can be your hero♪ ♪ I bet I couldbeyourhero ♪
♪ I 'm an amazing little guy ♪ ♪ I amamightylittleman ♪
♪ I 'm an amazing little guy ♪ ♪ I amamightylittleman ♪
juvenile
Shelton

I was just admiring U h , I wasjustadmiring
Grandpa Blue 's unique walking stick, Grandpa S murf ' suniquewalkingstick.
Smurf yo hey S murf - a - loo - loo .
That 's not my crutch T hat  ' snotmywalkingstick .
Lunch is ready. L unchisready.
Can you go and invite your brother to dinner Can yougogetyourbrother ?
I 'm watching TV I  ' mwatching TV .
Go to Justgo.
Everything in this house he Smurfs wants me to do I havetodosmurfingevery thingaroundhere .
I heard that .
I said ' smurfing . '
I heard the way you used the word A nd I heardhowyousaidit .
She can cut her own toast, S hecancuteowncrustso ff .
Sheldon S heldon ? Who are you Who are you ?
You are so cute You  ' resocute .
Be careful Be careful .
What are you hiding up there? What are you doing up there?
Protect livesStayingalive .
Whose dog is this W hosedogisthis ?
I don 't know how to call someone for help I don  ' tknow .
G e t   h e l p .
How did it get into our garage Well, howdidhegetintothegar age? Please find someone to help P leasegethelp.
Maybe we can adopt it Maybewecankeepit .
I beg you to find someone to come I  ' mbeggingyou , gethelpnow .
First of all I have to tell you something First , I havetotellyousomething .
What What?
Lunch is ready. L unchisready.


Did you look at Willyoulookatthat?
What kind of dog bites through wood What kind of dogchewsthro ughwood ?
Y 'all are feeding him Y 'allarefeedinghim, right?
Maybe it was grinding his teeth Maybehe  ' steething . When Billy was young Youknow , when Billywaslittle ,
He bit through his fence hechewedrightthroughh isplaypen.
- true or false- he only has three teeth- No okidding ?
-   O n l y   h a d   t h r e e   t e e t h .
Mostlygummedit, which is basically chewed by the gums.
So what are you guys going to do with S ohowy  ' allwanttofixit ? I think I can add here W ell , I figure I  ' llpatchit ,
Then surround the piece of runsomechickenwirealo ngthebottom with fine wire mesh below - -
So it can 't bite through a hole again that way, hedon  ' tchewthrough it again. Hello hello.

- Hi- Hi Billy- Hey. - Hey, Billy.
Was there a fenced window here before Wasthisfencewindowalwa yshere ?
No son this fence window is new No , son , that  ' sanewfencewindow .
Does anyone feel dizzy A nybodyelsegettingdizz y ?
Why don 't you call someone to help you Why hydidn  ' tyoucallforhelp ?
I tried but I can 't make sound I tried , butnosoundcameout .
Poor boy Youpoorthing .
The garage is so dirty I twasverydirtyupthere . Is it your or dad 's responsibility to clean the garage
You don 't have to worry about that D on  ' tyouworryaboutthat .
Come and have some tea. Here, havesometea.
- Chamomile Tea - Yes - Chamomile ? - Yes .
Did you add a teaspoon of honey? O neteaspoonofhoney?
Added Yes .
Did you add an ice cube to cool it down A nicecubetocoolitoff ?
I added two pieces for you I wentwithtwotoday .
You 've had a terrible day. You  ' vebeenthroughenough .
I still prefer to add a piece of ice I preferoneicecube .
I 'm going to drink Drinkit for my mother.
It 's nice when the kids are in bed. I t  ' snicewhen thekids are in bed , we can just relax and gather here and wecan just hangoutan drelax .
I don 't even bother to answer your words I  ' mnotevengonnarespondt othat .
I finally got him to sleep I finally gothimasleep .
He 's still in shock. He 'sstillprettyshookup.
Maybe it 's not a bad thing to have this dog next door.
Shelly might get used to Shellycouldendupgettin gusedtoit someday.
It 's true T hat  ' strue . Remember when he always eakedout because of Rememberwhenhegotallfr
Is the fruit under the yogurt making a fuss by the fruit at the bottom of yogurt ?
He can also eat No owheeatsitnoproblem normally now.
He still wants me to help him mix it up. He stillmakesmestirit. Maybe he can come to Maybeyoucouldstartout step by step

Start with small animals and then slowly get used to the big ones with a small pet , and work your wayup .
Such as the little turtle L ikeaturtle .
He said turtles carry the salmonella Hesaystheycarrysalmone lla .
What about the gerbil, A gerbil?
The real culprit of the Black Death seems to be them Apparently, theycausedtheplague.
What about the bird?
Oh , I knowthatone . They will steal his hair to build They  ' llstealhishairtomakea nest .



Mom M om !
At least this time I can make a sound A tleastthistime , soundcameout .
I think this is progress I callthatprogress .




What 's wrong What 'sgoingon?
Your dog ran into my house Yourdoggotintoourhouse .
How thehelldidhedothat it got in?
It pushed the screen open He epushedinascreenwindow . Do you think it bit through the fence again Y outhinkhechewedthroug hthefenceagain ?
All I know is Sheldon  ' seyllingatthedog ,
Then Mary yelled at me and Mary  ' seyllingatme .
And I 'm here now watching you in your panties N ow I  ' mlookingatyouinyourun derwear .
Damn what happened to Herschel Damnit , Herschel , whatisgoingon ?
Hello George Oh , hey , George .
Hi Brenda Hey , Brenda . Bucky ran into their house B uckygotintheirhouse . It was funny T hat  ' sfunny .
Maybe one day it was funny to recall but not now I tmightbefunnyoneday , notrightnow .
I 'm really sorry George Look , I  ' mrealsorry , George .
I 'll tie it up next time it won 't be like this I 'llkeephimtiedup, itwon ' thappenagain.
Goodnight Y 'allhaveagoodnight.
George! You can 't believe you 're watching Youarenotgonnabelievet his .
L ook . Their dog left a dead squirrel in our living room Theirdogleftadeadsquir relinourlivingroom .

It has the blood of a hunting dog Well , h - heisparthuntingdog .
I think it means it likes you I thinkthatmeanshelikes you .I have no interest in its likes I  'mnotinterestedinwinni nghisaffection .
I 'm only interested in keeping dogs and rodents out of my house I 'minterestedinkeepingd ogsandrodentsoutsideo fmyhome .
Wait Well, now, holdon. How do you know it 's Bucky Howdoweknowitwas B uckythatleft
Leave this squirrel in thatsquirrelinyourhouse in your house? Maybe the squirrel was already there. Maybethatsquirrelwasal readythere.
How could there be a dead squirrel in my living room other than it W hyelsewouldadeadsquir relbeinmylivingroom ?
I don 't know how you take care of your house I don  ' tknowwhatkindofhousey oukeep .

My house is spotless M yhouseisimmaculate .
George you tell them George , tellthem . U h . . . he does take good care of the house S hedoeskeepanicehouse .
Honey is indeed likely to be Honey left behind by Bucky , it  ' saprettygoodchanceitw as Bucky .
- whose side are you on - your forever your side - W hosesideareyouon ?
-   Y o u r s ,   a l w a y s   y o u r s .
Well now everyone is in a bad mood and it 's too late. A llright . E veryone  ' supset , it  ' slate .
Let 's take it slow tonight. Maybeweshoulddropthisf ortonight ?
good idea good T hat  ' sagoodidea . O kay .
You keep your dog away from my son Youjustkeepyourdogaway from myson .
- You 've restarted the war - sorry - T hereyougopickingitupa gain . - I amsorry ,
But their dog broke into our house buttheirdogbrokeintoo urhome .
Maybe something he learned from her brother, probably lea rnedfromyourbrother.
How dare you, Howdareyou.
Okay I think it 's good to stop here O kay , I think that  ' sagoodstoppingpoint . How do we know it 's not your son Howdoweknowthatyourson didn  ' t
Lure Bucky wants to do strange science experiments on dogs lure B uckyintoperformweirds scienceexperimentsonhi m ?
My son was already in bed at the time you were so bold . . .
M y   s o n   w a s   a s l e e p   i n   h i s   b e d ,   a n d   y o u   h a v e   s o m e   n e r v e . . .


Good night George Night , George !
Good night Night !

I really don 't understand that dog I don  ' tunderstand why that dog is so interested in S heldon .
Maybe Bucky likes Sheldon 's taste M aybe B ucky likes theway S heldonsmells ?
Your brother bathes three times a day Y ourbrotherwasheshimse lfthreetimesaday .
He has no taste of Hehasnosmell.
Found Animal Control Herewego : animalcontrol .
Don 't O h , no , no .
no , how can you call animal control
You have to live next door to these people you have to live next door to these people .
Little George 's music was too loud and they called the police too. TheycalledthecopsonG eorgiewhenheplayedmusictooloud.
Maybe they could be me Maybeitwasthem , maybeitwasme . But the point is A nyway , thepointis ,
If you want to put out a fire, you can 't add fuel to the fire youdon  ' tcan  ' tgothrowinggasolineon thefire .
Well, they started this fire,
Get ready to set yourself on fire and now , they  ' regonnagetburned .
I said why don 't you let me talk to Brenda Li isten , whydon  ' tyouletmetalkto B renda ,
Let me settle this andjustsmooththingsou t ? Why do you think she will listen to you W hydoyouthinkshe  ' lllistentoyou ?
Because people like me more than you, because people like memor ethanyou .
Everyone likes me P eoplelikeme .
I didn 't say people didn 't like you, only said they liked me more. I didn  ' tsaytheydon  ' t , theyjustlikememore .
Anyway I met her all day at the bowling alleyAnyway, I seeherallthetimeatbow ling.
I know how to deal with her I know how to handleher .
Line Fine.
Thank you Thankyou .

How many people like me P lentyofpeoplelikeme .

How is Brenda Hey , Brenda , how  ' sitgoing ?
your daughter is annoying to death you say okay Yourdaughter  ' sapaininmyass , that  ' showit  ' sgoing .

You really don 't speak secretly. Youdon  ' tbeataroundthebush .
I 've always liked you this I  'vealwayslikedthatabou tyou . Connie I 'm tired enough from work tonight C onnie , I  ' vehadalongnight .
I don 't care to listen to your nonsense unless you want to play U nlessyou  ' relookingtobowl , I don  ' twanttohearit .
Come on don 't do this A w , now , comeon . Let me buy you a drink and let 's talk about Letmebuyyouadrink , and we  'lltalkaboutthis .

I support you more than you think I  ' mmoreonyoursidethanyo uthink .
- I can 't believe it for some reason - it 's true - Somehow , idoubtthat . - I t  ' strue .
You don 't think I don 't think Mary is sometimes a . . .
D on  ' tyouthink I realize that Marycanbeabit . . . O faself - righteousbitch ?
I was going to say 'difficult' but you can say that too. I wasgonna say 'challenging,' butsure, let  ' sgowithyours.
I t  ' sgotanicerhythm , which is quite easy to say .
Brenda this has to say B renda , thisis , byfar ,
It 's the best margarita in our bowling alley here, the best bowlingalleyma rgaritaintown .
How many years have you been married to Herschel 1819 Howlongyouand Herschelbeenmarried ?
18, 19 years? 19 years feels like 30 years 19, butitfeelslike 30.

You are also a fairy couple Well , y  ' allareagreatcouple . I just want to thank you I justwantedtothankyou
since my daughter moved in with her family forbeingsopatientandk indtomydaughterandher family
Be accommodating and friendly to them sincecetheymovedin.
- It 's nothing - no I have to say it - I t  ' snothing . - No , itneedstobesaid .
Especially one of them is kinda . . special withoneofthembeing , youknow , somewhatspecial .
- I can see- yeah- I can see that. - Y eah .
Having friendly neighbors makes everything better. An ndhavingakindneighbor makes allthedifference in theworld.
We do our best Well, wetry. I know you know how stressful too
very special son whoisspecialinhisownw ay .
What does this mean What  ' sthatsupposedtomean ? I know Billy is a great boyW ell , I mean , hey , I know Billyisaterrificlittle boy ,
But he must have brought you and Herschel but I amsurehehas presentedy ouand Herschel quite a few challenges with somechallenges.
If there 's any kid in our area that is weird I fthere  ' saweirdkidintheneighb orhood , it must be your grandson it  ' syourgrandson .
Wait a minute I said 'special' not 'weird' No , hangon , I said ' special , ' not ' weird . '
I heard you . I said 'weird' I said 'weird . ' You know BrendaO kay , seenow , B renda ,
I advise you not to call my grandson 'weird' youdon  ' twanttogocallingmygra ndsonweird because I just treated you to a margarita when I  ' vejust treated youtoama rgaritagrande .
There 's something wrong with my Billy there  ' ssomethingwrongwithmy Billy .
Pro this is not to imply Darlin  ' , there  ' snoinferring .
I 've seen your son sitting on the dirt I 'veseentheboysittingin thedirt
Eating the batt in his belly button eatinghisownbellybutt onlint .



Really, Mom, that 's how you really put out the fire, Mom?
T h i s   i s   h o w   y o u   p u t   o u t   t h e   f i r e ?
At least she was hurt more Well, atleastshegottheworst ofit. How did you come to this conclusion Howyoufigurethat?
I ripped off a large chunk of her hair I rippedabigpatchofhair outofherhead .
This bruise will heal in a week T hiswillbehealedinaweek .
And she has to wear a hat to hide her ugly before Labor Day. S hewillbewearingahatti ll L abor Day .
I want to be just like you when I grow up I want to be just like you when I growup .
- No - think twice - No , youdon  ' t . - Pickagain .


Excuseme , Ms. Hutchins , Mr. Hutchins ? Hey Sheldon , Hey , Sheldon .
Can you recommend a book for overcoming fear, C anyourecommendanybook sonovercomingphobias ?
Those are in the self-help book section T hat  ' sintheself - helpsection .
Come with me I have all watched Followme , I have readthemall .
- Is there a specific kind of fear - Dogs - A nyphobiainparticular ? - Dogs .
Fear of canines this good A h , cynophobia . T hat  ' sagoodone .
You know the light in AmericaD idyouknowthere  ' sover 5 0 milliondogs
Are there more than 50 million dogs justinthe United States tatesalone ?
T hat  ' s 50 milliontoomany .
Read this to me to improve my contact phobia Here.
I   r e a d   t h i s   o n e   t o   h e l p   w i t h   m y   h a p h e p h o b i a .
A h , fear of being touched . I have that , too . Wasituseful ?
Well, when someone 's interested in touching me, know we 'llfindout.

The basic premise of this book is T hebasicpremiseofthebo okwasthatphobias want to overcome fear wereovercomebytakingi ncrementalsteps
This fear has to be faced step by step, towardswardconfrontingthep hobiainquestion. For me, it started from watching an Inmycase, thatstartedwithwatchi nga TV show that wasadoredbychildr enaroundtheworld,
But for my nightmare TV show started butforme, wasthestuffofnightmar es.
Scooby-Doo S cooby - D oo ! Next step is to face - to - face with real dog Thenextstepwastogo
face to face withrealdogs.
Although through a glass window A lbeitthroughaplate - glasswindow.
Enough is enough O kay , that  ' senough . Finally And finally , the third close encounter acloseencounterofthet hirdkind ,
Physical contactwitham emberofthecaninespeci es with a canine animal.
Hello I am looking for a veterinarian Hello , I  ' dliketospeakwiththeve terinarian . I hope you have one or two dogs under anesthesiaW ell , I wasshopingyoumighthave oneortwodogs
Let me touch the underanesthesia that I mightcomebyandpet .
Okay I 'll wait Sure, I 'llhold.
Who are you calling Whoareyoutalkingto ?
The M edford Veterinary Clinic . Why ?
I want to overcome my fear of dogs I 'mtryingtoovercomemyfe arofdogs or our family will have to be more affected beforeitaffectsourfam ilyanyfurther .
Baby you don 't have to worry about us being affected
Grandma got punched in the face because of me M eemawgotpunchedinthef acebecauseofme . If it wasn 't your fault
Your grandma gets punched in the face all the time , yourmeemaw gets punched in the face all the time .
I still think I need Well , I still think I needtotake
Take some sort of positive action.
- hello- hello hello- hello ? - Yes , hello ? Oh , that  ' stoobad .
How about a small fluffyon ethat  ' srecentlydiedofoldage ?
Enough Enough.
Sorry Sorry.
'Mark 12:31 says Now, itsaysherein Mark 12:31
'Love your neighbor as yourself' thatyoushould 'L oveyourneighborasyour self .'
Anyone wanna guess what that means?
M issy ? Means to be nice to the neighbors I tmeanstobenicetothepe oplewholivenextdoor .
That 's right That T hat  ' sright . As for the rest go to hell Buteverybodyelsecangot ohell . Misy we can 't say such things hereO kay , Missy , wedon  ' tusethatkindoflanguag ehere .
If you think about it carefully in this day and age A ndifyouthinkaboutit , inthisworld ,
We have so many ways to travel all are your neighbors withallthewayswecantr avel , everybody  ' syourneighbor .
Sheldon Yes , S heldon .
Our moms hate each other Howdoweloveourneighbors
How can we love our neighbors whenourmomshateeachot her ?
- Who does your mother hate - your mother - Who hodoesyourmomhate ?
-   Y o u r   m o m .
My mom hates your mom too. Hey, mymomhatesyourmom.
S m a l l   w o r l d .
Okay, wait a minute O kay , let  ' shangonasecond .
My mother also hated their grandma M ymomalsohatestheirgra ndma .
Because she lost the fight to her ' C auseshelostafighttoher . Not that she won what she said Nuh - uh , shewon . S hesaidso .
Well, don 't say A llright , stop .
L e t ' s   s t o p .
This may be difficult to understandN owthismightbehardtoun derstand ,
But living a loving Christian life butlivingaloving, Christianlife isn 't easy isn 'twaystheeasiestthin gtodo.
Billy Yes , Billy .
My mom doesn 't like you very much either M ymom  ' snotcrazyaboutyoueith er .
Love your neighbors please Justloveyourneighbor ,  ' kay ?
My parishioners don 't have good relations Now , I ammorethanwillingtolo oktheotherway
This is often the case but if the problem affects the childT hatsortofthinghappens , butwhenitbecomesaprob lem
I have to intervene forthechildren, then I havetointervene.
No problem at all T here  ' snoproblemhere ,
Except these two people think they are better than me otherthanthesetwothin kingthatthey  ' rebetterthanme .
I don 't think I know I don  ' tthinkit , I knowit .
I gave your mother a good beating I gaveyourmotheragoodsm acking . I can give you a taste too I cangiveyouone , too .
People who wear their hair sideways to hide their baldness are too embarrassed to say T hat  ' sbigtalkfromsomebodyw ithacomb - over . Ladies . Do I need to remind you that we are all Christians D o I needtoremindyouthatwe are Christians ?
In all our actions, Inallourbehavior, inallouractions,
We must all constantly ask ourselves wemustconstantlyaskou rselvesthequestion,
' What would Jesus do' ' What would J esusdo ? '
Can I say something Can I say something ?
Would Jesus say that? Would Jesus say that?
Nevermind. In my life Inmylife,
I am often said to be a coward in action I  ' veoftenbeenaccusedofb eingaphysicalcoward , and for the most part , those accusationsareco rrect .
But I have also shown great courage several times Buttherehavebeentimesw hen I  ' veshowngreatcourage .
This is one of those times T hiswasoneofthem . Bucky hello Hello , Bucky .

Are you a good dog? A reyouagooddog?

Please P leasebeagooddog. Please P lease.
A lot of times we don 't like othersN owoftentimes , whenwedon  ' tlikesomeone ,
It 's because we see in them what  ' shappeningisweseesome thinginthem
And don 't like the shortcomings thatwedon 'tlikeinourselves.
What are you talking about Whatareyousaying?
Isn 't it right you don 't understand Really ? That wasoveryourhead ?
I mean I 'msaying, you may have more in common than you think y 'allmighthavemoreincom monthanyouthink.
Never say their kids are 'special' Well, don  ' tsayboththeirkids are ' special .'
She doesn 't like to hear that. Shedoesnotlikethat.
Well Okay.
Come on Herewego.
Petting . . . Petting . . . thedog .


I did it I 'mdoingit .
I 'm petting the dog I 'mpettingadog.
I conquered my fear I 'veconqueredmyphobia.
You are a good dog and you are You  ' reagoodboy .
Y e s ,   y o u   a r e .
I 'm sorry for the nasty things I said to you I  ' msorryfortheunkindthi ngs I saidtoyou .

I am also Me , too .
Connie Connie ?
Why What?
Do you have something to say A nythingyou  ' dliketosay ?
And Notparticularly . Mom M om . Okay O kay .
Sorry for those things I said I  ' msorryforthethings I said ,
I 'm also sorry for what happened at the bowling alley and, youknow, whathappenedatthebowlingalley.
I am also A sam I .
给 Here.
This should be falling out of your head I thinkthiscameoutofyourhead.


it licked me it licked me He lickedme !
H elickedme ! The dog licked my tongue Thedoglickedmytongue !
I still have that taste in my mouth I canstilltasteit!
Call the ambulance C all 9 1 1 ! Jesus should go and see what 's going on I think J esusmightgocheckthato ut .




How are you in there baby How  ' sitgoinginthere , baby ?
It 's ok but the family needs to buy another mouthwash. O kay , butwe  ' regonnaneedmore Listerine .

He tried to overcome his fear of dogs I 'm so proud I 'mproudofhimfortryingt oovercomethatdamndogp hobia .
You should tell him You Youhouldtellhimthat . If he comes out of the bathroom I will say Well , ifheeverleavesthatbat hroom , I will .
What I don 't understand is why the dog likes Sheldon so much What I can  ' tfigureoutiswhythatdo gissodrawnto S heldon .
Ask me about Beatsme .
- You said its owner went to jail right - yes - Yousayhisowner  ' sintheslammer ? -Y eah .
Wonder what kind of offellah eis he is.
Baileys Hairspray



What a mystery I t  ' samystery .
I 'm afraid we 'll never know I guesswe 'llneverknow.


Xiaobingpie Hey , Moonpie .
I brought something I gotyoualittlesomethin gtohelpyou to help you overcome your fear of animals getoveryourfearofanim als .
A tranquilizergun ?
It is a pet fish A petfish .
A Brief History of Fish Cooper
why ?
I think you can start small and work your way up W ell , I thought you could start mallandthenworkyourwa yup .
Look how cute it looks, he  ' skindofcute .
It doesn 't care about my presence I like it Hedoesn  ' tevencarethat I  ' mhere .
I   l i k e   h i m .
What are you going to call it Whatareyougonnanamehim ?
Fish Fish .
Fish?
I 'm not ready to have feelings I 'mnotreadytogetattache d.
Fish are a bit boring F isharekindofboring .
I know it 's great isn 't it I know , isn  ' titgreat ?
But you can 't even touch Butyoucan  ' tevenpet  ' em .
Maybe Maybewecan .
Baby what happened Baby , what  ' swrong ?
A h ,   h e   w a s   s o   s l i m y !
That 's what fish is. Well , yeah , he  ' safish .
I put my finger in the tank and I touched it I putmyfingerinthetopof the tank, then I touchedhim,
It turned out to bite me andhebitme!
It sure didn 't bite you Oh, I 'msurehedidn 'tbiteyou.
I can 't breathe I can  ' tbreathe .
Its fish blood is now mixed with my human blood H isfishbloodismixingwi thmyhumanblood .
- maybe it just wanted to kiss you - no - Maybehewas justtrying to giveyouakiss . - N o .
It hates me I don 't want to see it again H ehatesme .
I   n e v e r   w a n t   t o   s e e   h i m   a g a i n .
Sheldon don 't be silly Oh , S heldon , you  ' rebeingsilly .
This little fish won 't bite F ishlikethisdon  ' tbite .
Look . See ? He  ' sharmless .
Fucking S onofabitch !
Dad killed my fish D adkilledmyfish ! George George !
It 'll be okay for He 'llbefine.
Just put it back in the tank and you 're good to go Justgottoputhimbackint hebowl.
George Oh , George .
end
