Sherlock Holmes
Season 1 Episode 4
lone cyclist
Watson
hmmmm
The chemistry you 're about to witness will solve . . . the mystery of John Vincent Harden 's murder
marvelous
Do I have to take notes on that tobacco king? No need I 'll dictate when the time is right
There is a young lady who wants to see you Mr. Holmes
Now is not the time!
She is a decent and sincere lady
I 'm not suspicious and also stubborn
Mrs. Hudson, I am also extremely stubborn.
It 's a very urgent matter, especially when I 'm at work, Mr. Holmes, or I wouldn 't have come to trouble you on Saturday evening.
Maybe you could . . . um. . . postpone your chemistry experiment, Sherlock Holmes
very good
please take a seat miss is . . .
Dr Violet Smith Watson
thank you Mrs Hudson
I told you she 's a generous girl
ah please sit
uh . . . thanks for sitting down and that 's it
Very well, Miss Smith, you must talk about this very important matter.
Clearly not about your health
People like you who love to ride must have a lot of energy
Yes I often ride my bike with a slight scuff on the edge of the sole due to friction from the pedals
very good watson
marks on your shoes
oh yes
Even on a long trip I will take my bike on the train like today
Excuse me this is my job
Sure enough, I almost made the mistake of mistook you for a professional typist
But apparently you 're a musician, have you noticed the spoon-shaped fingertips that Watson shares in both professions?
But there 's a spirituality in her face
That 's not what a typist is. This lady is a musician
How could it be Mr. Holmes I teach music !
From the look I guess you live in the countryside
Close to Farheim on the border of Thierry !
But please let me explain why I 'm here
I 'm an only daughter and my father died a few years ago.
What is his name and occupation?
james smith he is the bandleader of the old empire theatre
Ah Old Empire Theatre Sherlock Holmes
yeah please keep talking
My mother and I have no relatives in the world except for an uncle Ralph Smith who went to Africa 15 years ago
No news since then
Although we keep sending Christmas cards and photos
Mr. Holmes, I must tell you
I think you 're going to tell me that you and your mother are very poor and it doesn 't match the elegance and grace that you exude.
we used to be poor
Oh
We were told almost four months ago in February that there was an ad in the Times looking for us.
You can imagine how excited we were because we thought someone had left us a legacy
I immediately went to the lawyer who left his name in the newspaper
This is Miss Violet Smith
The lawyer introduced me to two men, Mr. Carluther and Mr. Woodley.
they are traveling from africa
Wish I could tell you that your uncle left you a fortune
But like I said he was down and out when he died
But I am not malicious
My mother and I never thought of looking for relief
yes i don 't offer relief either
please sit
I have a question for you
Your uncle Ralph said you were musically gifted, so do you teach music?
Yes
Miss Smith, I 'm a single dad with a ten-year-old daughter
little sarah
she needs a music teacher
So you see I 'm not here to provide relief
A job He wants to give you a job!
where do you live in london mr carluther ?
i don 't live in london
I live at Thiel Richelton farm six miles from Farheim
I can 't leave my mother alone
I 'll pay you 100 pounds a year
One hundred pounds a year?
Yeah I think that 's almost double the market price
Oh at least twice as much!
Then obviously you took the job or you wouldn 't be here now
Yes
I took the job and Mr. Carluther agreed to let me go back to town every weekend to see my mother
So this time is also a weekend of your visit back to London ?
Yes
Tell me about your life at Chelton Farm
Had a pretty good time
Every Friday morning I take the train to Farheim and then ride home from the station
That little girl 's name is Sarah, she 's cute and a good student
Play better Sarah
Can I try again? Of course we are not here to practice
Mr. Carluther appreciates my work, he is a very kind and considerate host
sounds wonderful
used to be
So what broke it?
a visitor mr woodley
How did you guess Mr. Holmes?
Miss Smith, I never guess.
Tell me about his visit
he came for a week
But to me it 's like three months
Erna the disgusting red beard
one day after dinner
Mr. Carluther left us for a while to meet someone at the door
a gentleman wants to see you sir
excuse me
so much better
Better in what way?
It 's much better to get rid of that old guy
I don 't think Mr. Carluther is old
yes but he 's not young either . . .
Like us I wish you didn 't blow smoke in my face Mr Woodley
I don 't believe this
What do you not believe? When a woman says she doesn 't want you to do something, it usually means the opposite
I said what I meant!
Mr. Woodley, can you please leave me alone!
I can 't tell you I won 't leave you alone until I tell you my heart
What do you mean ?
I 'm not very polite but I 'm ready to learn if you 're willing to teach me
This is ridiculous!
It 's not ridiculous! I 'm proposing to you!
I 'm serious and sincere
Money is not a problem I did a great job in Africa
No matter what life you 're used to, I can give you a better life than you 're used to. Jewelry diamonds
If you want diamonds I will give you diamonds
I don 't want diamonds!
Think about it, I won 't rush you
I 've already thought about this idea it 's ridiculous
You can 't blame me for thinking this
you are so beautiful
Listen, how about giving me a little kiss in order to be friendly?
just kiss the cheek
Mr. Woodley, stop me! I told you earlier about women saying 'stop'

No! The more you struggle, the more fun
Mr. Carluther please stop him!
Get out of this house!
All right !
I 'm gone I 'm not interested in old men and old maids!
I can only express my sincerest apologies to you for what happened
Would you stay for my daughter 's sake if I promised you this wouldn 't happen again?
yes i will stay
thank you Violet
Woodley left the house and I never saw him again
The villain!
Has there been any change in Mr. Carluther 's demeanor?
Without him, he is still thoughtful and courteous
Miss Smith, please continue
ok one more thing
oh maybe it 's my own imagination I feel mr. carluther seems to have a crush on me
He didn 't say anything he 's a real gentleman but girls always feel these things
I believe this
As I infer, you did not respond to Mr. Carluther 's sentiments?
He is a kind and generous employer
But I 'm engaged. Who is this lucky young man?
Cyril Morton
He 's an electrical engineer working for Midlands Electric in Coventry.
We 're getting married this summer
Happy wedding
thanks
But I still don 't know why you came to me
It 's a really interesting story, but I sense your fears but don 't quite get it
You seem to be very good at protecting yourself
Please help me Mr. Holmes!
What the hell is going on?
i 'm being followed
Tracked? Tracked by whom?
a cyclist
every saturday morning
I would always cycle from Mr. Carlusser 's house to Farheim station and take the 12:22 train into town
On the way there is a very quiet path with Charrington 's heather on one side and Charrington 's house bushes on the other.
I happened to look back two weeks ago today while passing that place and saw a man on a bike
I came back on Monday the following week to find him there again
I understand he 's still there the following Saturday and Monday
Have you brought this up to your employer?
Mr. Carluther was worried and ordered a buggy for me
That way I don 't have to hit the road alone, but the carriage hasn 't come yet
What about this morning?
That guy is following me again
When I saw this, I slowed down and he also slowed down.
I just stopped, but he stopped too
So I set a trap for him
There happened to be a sharp turn on that road, and after pedaling hard, I stopped at the turn and waited.
But he disappeared without a trace
Can you tell me what this person looks like?
- You seem to have only seen him from a distance - yes
He is wearing a black suit and black glasses
still has a beard
Young or old? Probably middle age
I 'm talking about the terrain over there, right?
This is the road and there 's a sharp turn
Charrington heather on one side, Charrington House bushes on the other
How long did you wait around the turn?
Only two minutes so he can 't come back from the road
Is there any fork in there
not in this paragraph
Is it possible for him to take the trail through the heather?
Oh that heather is flat and unshaded
I should see him if he walks there
Then by elimination we can conclude that he entered Charrington House

what does mr carluther do for a living
oh he 's rich
But his house has neither a carriage nor a horse
Oh at least he has a better life
He goes to town two or three times a week and sometimes talks about his stake in the gold mine
alright, I understand
If there is any new development, you must let me know immediately
I 'm very busy right now, but I 'll find time to investigate your case
Thank you Mr. Holmes
and I must not take any action without informing me
I 'm sure we 'll bring you good news
Hope so Dr Watson
very cute girl
Yes, it 's only natural that a girl like this has a few suitors
But a suitor shouldn 't be on a backcountry road. Do you really think she 's in any danger?
oh yes
Monday of the second week
Sherlock Holmes just had something to do and couldn 't get out of London so he sent me on the morning train to Farheim
As Miss Smith passed Charrington House
I can observe her from there, the environment is exactly the same as what she described, the bushes around the mansion
There 's nothing on the other side of the road I chose the only hiding place to wait there
Watson, you are a complete waste of time
I thought I did a good job no your hideout sucks
You should hide in the bushes on the other side
So you can take a closer look at this amazing single cyclist

Thanks but you are 100 yards away what can you tell me
Less than what Miss Smith said last Saturday. You said he was riding with his upper body down?
yes low
So his camouflage works great against you again
you did a really bad job
He goes back to the mansion and you rush back to the estate agent
oh i found the info i was looking for
You found a name: Williamson
And this means nothing to me
But we know he 's old and respected, so it 's unlikely he 's the cyclist with the energy to disappear from the wiry lady in the blink of an eye.
Well then you say what should I do
Go to the nearest public place where the country gossip
The people there will give you the name of everyone from the owner to the dishwasher
not the williamson you gave me
What do we know from your expedition?
The girl 's story is true
But I never doubted that there was some connection between the cyclist and the mansion.
I don 't doubt that
The tenant of the mansion is named Williamson.
what 's the function ?
I 'll go back to those public places tomorrow
No, my dear Watson, don 't rush you out of frustration
It 's useless to do anything before Saturday
Am I really doing a terrible job?
Yes
So beautiful
Thank you Mr. Carluther
This song is new, I need more practice
no i 'm not talking about the tune
Violet, I have a question for you
good morning sherlock
Miss Violet Smith 's letter
Carlusser proposed to her
Caluse! Watson men can certainly propose to women
Apparently he hadn 't heard of her having a fiancé either.
Are you going to Farheim?
I want to test a little theory or two of mine
Can I go with you? No, no use, no need
Try the nearest public place, where the country gossip flies
Thanks Watson for the good idea
ah good afternoon shopkeeper
Can I have half a pint of your beer?
Of course sir

for you
Thank you, don 't look for it
You 're too generous but I can 't take it
I 'm not doing anything to help.
I 'll ask you a favor then
i need some info oh i 'm not a gossip
I 'm not what I want is the truth
tell me about the guys at Charrington House
Are you talking about Mr Williamson?
Yeah, he was here about five minutes ago

you just missed him
tell me about Williamson
Is he an aged respectable gentleman? He is indeed aged
I don 't gossip about people behind their backs
But if he is respected, he may not be.
Well he used to be a pastor

before ?
yeah he got suspended or something
Anyway, that word means that a pastor should be a doctor before he is suspended.
tell me about the rest of you here
They 're just some family loving people
The locals are very religious
Of course he has visitors on weekends

weekend? yes sir
weekend
Ah, no problem, what kind of person?
Oh they 're all very 'enthusiastic'
'Enthusiasm' um 'passionate' to the kind you dare not approach or you 'll get burned
very good
you may feel good
But I 'd say it 's not peaceful when they come here
especially one of the guys
Special enthusiasm? That guy? Very special
I bet he has a red beard
do you know him
I 've never met him so now is a good chance
Mr Woodley
It 's none of your business!
This store is a noble place
Your wording is unpopular
Who do you think you are? What are you trying to get to the bottom of here?
You 're right, the shopkeeper is not a gentleman.
Come on, I 'm a gentleman like you
Everyone here can testify that I 'm just defending myself

pig !
No sir a gentleman! Only hooligans punch with the back of their hands
The gentleman uses a left straight punch
And my husband happens to be a gentleman
It 's a delight, Watson.
I saw thumping the villain with a straight left fist
And I won, as you can see
What about the villain?
Mr Woodley was pushed home in a trolley
That scary man again
which man ?
I seem to have seen Mr Woodley in the garden today
You live nearby when you see him
But don 't worry, I 've seriously warned him not to step into this house.
' Dear Mr. Holmes:
You won 't be surprised to hear me say that I have decided to resign from Mr. Carluther this Saturday.'
That nasty Mr Woodley is back in Chelton
Ah, but at least she doesn 't have to ride to the station anymore
so rich mr carluther
Finally found a light carriage
Yes look here: 'All my troubles will be over this Saturday'
Sherlock Holmes will end her troubles tomorrow.
Why do I feel so worried when I hear that word?
What word? Trap
Oh what a wonderful morning, Sherlock Holmes
The weather is so good this season
Who would hurt such a lovely girl on such a morning?
Hope no one
Then why did you bring your revolver? I said 'hope' not 'anticipate'
what ?
I think that 's our Miss Smith.
She should want to catch the early bus
I gave her half an hour of free time but she should have passed Charrington House before we saw her
So what should we do?
run
Fool I should have considered the earlier bus
is kidnapping
Watson is kidnapping and murdering god knows what
stop the horse
good guy
come on watson
See if I can make up for the mistakes I made
just above
Sherlock Holmes
Where did you find this carriage? Where is Miss Violet Smith?
I should be the one who asked you, you are in her carriage!
The carriage is on the road with no one on it
Looks like someone has gone from here
we must find them
come on watson
look at this do you know this person
It 's Pete, he 's the groom
was taking her to the station
He 's still alive with a strong pulse
Can 't let him lie here for too long Let him lie here We don 't do him any good but we can get her out of a girl
the worst fate ever
where are you going ?
that house
They didn 't go to the house they went to the left

Are you sure ?
Oh coward!
It 's too late, Watson, it 's too late
John and Violet Agree to a Sacred Marriage Under the Witness of God
exchange rings and join hands with each other to announce each other 's union
I announce that they are married
congratulations
thanks amen
they got married !
welcome to this party gentlemen
Allow me to introduce you to Mrs Woodley
No! Caluse
Caluse
ok i 'm going to rehabilitate this girl
Even if you let me do it
Too late
she 's my wife no she 's your widow
I told you I couldn 't spare you if you harassed her
God testifies that I am a man of my word
You didn 't tell me there was such a mess when you hired me
put the gun down
Watson picked it up
Give me the pistol, no more violence
Who are you giving orders here?
Sherlock Holmes
God
come here
Predecessor?
How are you? Can I drive to Farheim?
yes sir i think i can take this note to the director of the police station like that

Meanwhile all of you must be under my watch
How are the two patients, doctor?
Miss Smith is nice though she 's been treated badly
What about Woodley?
Oh he 's definitely not going to die
What? Let me go upstairs and kill him, don 't sit down, Caluse

You 're right
He 's not worth my hands on but is that girl
Are you going to be tied up with this grumpy Woodley for the rest of your life?
You don 't need to worry about this
I made them a couple for the rest of my life she can 't be his wife anyway
Are you sure ?
There are two reasons:
First of all, we have reason to question Mr. Williamson
have the right to enter into marriage
I was appointed
But he was fired for a day as a pastor and a pastor for life
That 's not necessarily
What about the marriage certificate?
Oh we have a marriage certificate
here
There is no doubt that it was a trick but a forced marriage is not a valid marriage under any circumstances and in fact you will find that it is a serious crime
While we wait for the police to arrive, Mr. Carluther, can you tell us your story?
If you betray us, Caluse
I swear I 'll treat you like you did Woodley
Excessive agitation is unnecessary, the case is clear enough
Well, since it 's all clear, why don 't you talk about it?
It 's good that Mr. Carluther can add some details to satisfy my curiosity
I would love to tell this story first
The three of you are wrong from South Africa together I have not been to South Africa
it 's true he never went
Woodley didn 't find him until we got back
Well you and Woodley met Ralph Smith in South Africa
You know he soon found out that his niece would inherit his estate

How ?
But you told the girl her uncle died without a penny and he was alive but apparently dying a rich man without a will
Ralph Smith is completely illiterate
So you and Woodley came here to find this girl, you know she 's his next of kin
And you can share the legacy and I 'll get a share for my service
But Caluther, you made a mistake and you fell in love with her
For the first time I knew what it was to love Mr. Holmes
Then why didn 't you tell her she was in danger?
Because . . . because then she 'd leave me and I wouldn 't take it
oh what about my daughter saraco
We promise to keep her well looked after
You know that even if she doesn 't love me I 'm content to see her in that house and hear her voice
Maybe you call that Mr. Eka Luther
I call it selfish
Maybe the two were meant to be together
But I tried my best to protect her I didn 't let her walk alone here once I knew these two villains were in ambush
I follow her on a bike every time
Make sure she doesn 't get hurt I keep my distance and put on a beard so she doesn 't recognize me
Then I think the telegram arrives
Telegram what telegram?
'The old guy is dead'
Which old guy? Ralph Smith in South Africa?

Yeah, this time you got into a fight with Woodley
He left the house Woodley came back to let me go on with that deal
I refused
I said I don 't want violence
One last detail: Why was Woodley chosen to be her husband?
I 'm really ashamed to say
We decided to play
Sherlock Holmes I have the outcome of the trial
Listen to the judge conclude the statement and say . . .
Sherlock Holmes
Watson, let me guess, okay?
please
Woodley gets 10 years in prison
Williamson for seven years and Carluther considering my moving defense in court for him
about six months
All in!
lol i have the edge watson
The advantage is that I asked someone to buy the morning paper.
what an advantage
We also received a gift from Mr. and Mrs. Cyril Morton 's wedding cake and a letter
The letter said that Mrs. Morton had inherited
The legacy of her uncle Ralph Smith in South Africa
The couple are happily caring for little Sarah. Caluther while Caluther is serving his sentence
Her piano skills have improved a lot and she wants to learn to ride a bicycle
Everyone is happy, right?
Happier yet to come
What does happier mean?
Look carefully
oh i remember that chemistry that solves the mystery has to do with the victimization of john vincent harden

That 's right, I 've been at the Imperial Science Museum all week and here 's the answer
Is this the answer? Sherlock Holmes
This is the mystery Watson
oh let me think
