Sherlock Holmes Season 1 Episode 7
This is the house of the Countess of Morka, thank god she 's back

she got out of the carriage
hurry up Ryder hurry up

Okay, it 's fixed, it should be fixed
The Countess hates seeing the plumber hanging around her house
ok don 't worry i fixed it
Listen to you, I can work faster
hurry up
It 's absolutely gorgeous
bring it on
Countess 's eh?
Just wear it on a date . . . let 's go mate


can go

Just put it aside

for the three of you
thank you ma 'am merry christmas

call me a cup of tea chusack
nice lady
I need a cup of tea to refresh myself
Christmas Eve preparations are torture
you 're right ma 'am
take a shower afterwards

lady
sapphire
Sapphire was stolen
open your eyes
oh john she would love it this is beautiful
like her mother
Can we afford it?
I told you I made a little money lately
Even if I don 't have money, it 's Christmas now
You 're so considerate, John Horner, I 'm so lucky
wife and children
Happy like a fairy, buy this doll for my daughter
What do you think about this boat taking our son? That 's it
Can 't wait to sell off the loot Horner?
What do you mean? I didn 't do anything what do you mean?
John Frederick Horner
you for theft of the Countess of Morca
priceless
Sapphire and got arrested for what you said . . . I didn 't steal I didn 't really steal
someone saw people in your hotel
What you describe is that your sheriff didn 't steal it from me, believe me
Let me go, I really didn 't steal it
Oh

Mr Holmes ?

Mr Holmes ?
Mr Peterson, Abbotsett 's janitor . . .
Don 't bother me he 's looking for you
Oh

Mr. Holmes, sorry to bother you
Peterson puts the goose down
And your hat, you bought a fat goose, and I love fat goose for Christmas dinner

But that 's the problem with Mr. Holmes.
This goose is not mine
You might say I got it

'To Mrs Henry Baker' Apparently it 's not your hat and certainly not sir
special circumstances
I don 't know what to do
Calling the police is a bit of a fuss
I told my wife about it and she suggested I come to you
Your wife is smart, sit down my dear friend
tell me about the special situation
Okay so
I was on my way home last night and I just finished one
Small gatherings of us janitors get together this time of year . . .
Exchanging holiday wishes
holiday wishes
you are awesome sir

respect your health
As I said before, I 'm on my way home
encountered an accident
hey what are you doing? hey the police... run away, run away
run away

I 'm helping you, man

The hooligans are running in one direction
The drunk also slipped in the opposite direction. I tried to stop him, but he obviously thought I was a sheriff.
Arrest him for breaking glass
So you got two trophies, this worn felt hat
and a good Christmas goose I desperately want to return to the original owner, Mr. Holmes
But I don 't know where to start, dear Peterson, I understand your predicament
I said anyway
I discussed with my wife and decided to put these two things
The hat and the goose brought to you Mr. Holmes wonders if this little thing will interest you, a special trader
I hope I didn 't waste your time Mr. Holmes certainly didn 't
Okay janitor
Have you bought your own goose? Not yet, then I suggest you take this goose home
to fulfill its ultimate destiny
And I 'll take good care of the old felt hat of the gentleman who lost the Christmas dinner, and listen to you, Mr. Holmes
so be it
Despite the cold weather, there are signs
It 's time to eat it. There 's no need to keep it. Then I 'm welcome, Mr. Holmes.
Once there is progress
i will contact you
ok sir uh happy holidays
Congratulations to you and your wife


You still haven 't found the gem, haven 't you Mrs.
But we caught the thief and that 's the clue to Horner 's gem.
we infer
What does it mean that he has more than one accomplice?
Madame and the novel 's plot is the exact opposite
Thieves don 't have much credit. As soon as they see money, they forget about credit. Money, you mean a reward?
uh yes
Why am I offering a bounty?
In my experience this is quite effective
I found a bounty
Can you lure that greedy thief out? If within 24 hours
It 's strange that no one comes to claim the reward.

How much is the reward?
Sherlock Holmes? Oh are you there?
The Countess of Moka offers a £1,000 reward
Look for the whereabouts of the sapphire. Inspector Bradstreet, District B, is in charge of the case.
He has arrested John Horner, 36, a plumber who has strongly pleaded his innocence
Due to circumstantial evidence
The case has been handed over to the circuit. Horner is emotional in the lawsuit
Passed out during the final statement and was carried out of court sorry you were busy
I 'm bothering you to study the hat
No, it 's totally worthless
But there are several issues related to it
but not so boring and even instructive I think this hat looks ordinary
In fact, it is related to a life-threatening matter. This clue can help you solve a mystery.
No no no no this is just one of many strange little things 4 million people crammed into a few square miles
This kind of thing is indispensable
So what do you see in this tattered hat? You know my way
Personality to the person who wears such a special felt hat
Have you guessed what? It was Watson with a fat goose
On the left leg of the fat goose is a small card that reads
'To Lady Henry Baker'
except this abbreviation
H.B. assumed to refer to 'Henry Baker'
I can 't see anything else. On the contrary, Watson, you can see everything.
But you 're not making inferences from what you 're seeing You 're too insecure about your ability to reason
So
Tell me what you infer from this hat? This is a learned man
This can be seen at a glance and has lived quite well for the past three years
Although he is poor now, he used to be visionary
His spirit is getting more and more decadent and his family is down. He should have caught a bad habit, maybe a bar.
I 'm afraid this is his wife too
The reason I don 't love him anymore my dear Sherlock Holmes
But he still has his last self-esteem
He 's reclusive, totally lacking exercise, a middle-aged man with gray hair
Just got a haircut in the last few days and lemon balm on his hair and there 's no way he 's at home
with kerosene lamps
you must be kidding
no joke at all
I don 't doubt that I 'm sluggish
For example, how do you deduce that he is knowledgeable?
It 's a volume issue
Someone with such a big head must have a lot of stuff in his head.
What about the middle of the road?
This flat brim cap
Was in vogue three years ago Watson this is a top quality hat
Look at the silk hoops and luxurious lining
If he could afford such an expensive hat three years ago
And never bought a new hat, so obviously he 's down and out. He used to be visionary and now he 's mentally decadent?
This means that he has the vision to sell hats without elastic straps
So it was made by him, which just means he had a vision
He used this method to keep the hat from being blown away by the wind but you see he broke the elastic
But reluctance to take the time to redo a new one shows that he is depressed
Besides, he 's a middle-aged man
gray hair recently cut
Lemon ointment on the head These can be inferred from inspection of the lower part of the hat lining
Looking at the wet streak here, it 's obvious he 's sweating a lot
So not a hard worker that he . . . his wife
He just said she doesn 't love him anymore and the hat hasn 't been brushed in weeks
if i see a man 's hat
It 's been a week of dust and his wife has ignored him I 'm afraid he 's unfortunate
lost his wife 's love
Maybe he 's a bachelor, not that he wants to give his wife a goose as a nice gift

Don 't forget the card tied to the goose 's leg
you always find the answer
wait
How do you deduce that there are no kerosene lamps in his house? A drop of candle oil
Or two drops of candle oil may have been dropped by accident, but Watson knew when I saw more than five drops that he couldn 't get the candle oil from a kerosene lamp
Are you satisfied?
you are so smart
that goose mr holmes that goose
What 's the matter? Is it alive again? Fluttering its wings and flying out of the kitchen window?
no sir you see
what my wife found in the crop
My God Peterson, this is really a hidden gem, do you know what it is? A diamond and a gem
Use it to cut glass like cutting sludge
This is not an ordinary gem
But that precious gem
The Sapphire in the World Hotel Heist
absolutely true

£1000 reward for bounty
Less than 1/201,000 of the market value of this sapphire jeez
You have to admit what Watson I deduced from the hat
Its importance has suddenly increased
That 's Sherlock Holmes, and the problem we 're dealing with now is to sort out the sack from the theft of the gem to the discovery of the goose
sequence of events during this period
This is that gem, that gem is from that goose, that goose is from Mr. Henry Baker
He wears a tattered hat and other features
What we need to do now is to seriously find this gentleman and figure out his role in this mystery
What role do you play? I picked up a goose and a black felt hat on the corner of Goode Street.
Mr. Henry Baker, please come back at 221B Baker Street at 6:30 pm. Simple and clear
Yes but will he see it
Peterson sent it to the ad agency
And it 's in all the evening papers in which paper sir?
The Globe, The Star, Pall Mall, St James 's Palace, The Echo, The Evening News, The Standard and all the papers you have to think of
Here it is Mr.
What about the gems?
I 'll keep this gem
thank you peterson
Hands up, Mr. Peterson
Can you buy me a goose on the way back?
give him the money watson
I must buy Mr. Henry Baker a goose in place of the one your family will enjoy
ok thank you sir
£1000? £1000 £1000 £1000



What are you going to do with this gem?
I 'm going to put it in my showcase

Horner
The countess is angry with me you are locked up but she is more concerned about the whereabouts of the gem
I 've never had a gem sheriff this... . .
where did you hide it
Maybe I can help you plead with the judge
but if you don 't know
I 've been on my own since I married Jerry
if you don 't tell the truth
When the judge finds out about your criminal record
I 'm afraid you 'll never see your sweet wife again
I got you Horner but I need more gems
What a beautiful gem
Look how radiant it is, of course it 's the root of evil every precious gem is like that
They are the devil 's bait
Every facet represents a cruel crime on bigger and older gems

It was found by the river in Xiamen, South China
Its peculiarity is that it has all the characteristics of a ruby ​​except that it is blue It has been less than 20 years since the gem was created
Although it has been around for a short time, it has a terrible history
two murders
One acid disfigurement, one suicide, and several robberies all attributed to
Who would have thought that such a beautiful ornament could be a supplier of criminals to gallows and prisons?
Come in
Are you Mr. Henry Baker?
please sit near the fireplace
It 's so cold today, I think your blood circulation must be stronger in summer than in winter, sit down
This is my friend and partner Dr. Watson. Hello Mr.
Mr Baker


Is this your hat?
yes this is indeed my hat
Thank you sir, I would like to post the search notice
But I 'm not ashamed as I used to be
I thought the hooligans who attacked me took the hat and the geese
I don 't think there 's any need to pay more for something you can 't get back, of course I understand that
yes your goose
We had to eat it
If you don 't do this, the goose is really unbearable to eat.
But we bought another goose right on the sideboard
I think it 's about the same weight as your goose
And it 's very fresh, of course.
Of course we still have the original goose.
Feather leg crop and more if you want
Maybe useful as a memento of my adventures
I don 't see any use for my goose bits and pieces if you don 't mind
I . . . I think all I care about is
That fat goose I saw on your pantry I want to know
where did you get that goose i am interested in raising poultry
I rarely see such a good fat goose so I bought the goose from you
Very interested in the details of the club to give my husband a goose club
Goose Club? Be more specific
I . . . I 'm not a rich man as you can see sir my life is poor but dignified to say so
I work at the British Museum doing research? That 's it
also help others with their research
I read a lot of books that day I left work early
I left the museum in the afternoon
I went to some of my colleagues at the Alpha Hotel Museum after my personal business.
Go there often this year our good shopkeeper
Mr Wendygate started a goose club considering paying a few pennies a week to the club
We all received a goose for your Mr Baker at Christmas
A good fat goose
What a rare fat goose boss
Can you rehabilitate with your wife now?
I 'm afraid she 's still a little unhappy with me
When I find a job that makes money
everything will definitely get better
oh it 's definitely academic work i 'm very promising
This is the 8 pence I owe you last time
'Get Rich' Mr Baker? I happened to meet one
Compassionate acquaintances
I sold him a few of my books, not yours, Mr. Baker
It was also a last resort for Mr. Windygate
This winter is more embarrassing than ever, we can 't let go of what we love
The person you marry should cherish it even more. Put this gift of goodwill aside for now. I have to relieve the pressure.
So bring me a tall glass of whiskey and a pint of your best beer

Merry Christmas
merry christmas mr baker


on my way home
I was attacked by a bunch of hooligans
I thought they stole my goose
I lost my hat in the scuffle
I . . I just remember a uniformed police officer showing up at the scene
So we all fled
Of course we can understand that in that case, good results are really good



I thank you very much for your trouble sir
i want this scotch hat
Neither my age nor my identity
happy holidays sir you too sir thank you

Oh right
Do you have kerosene lamps in your home?
Of course kerosene lamps are not very good Merry Christmas
Merry Christmas to you both
Well, that 's the end of Mr. Henry Baker 's business.
He obviously doesn 't know anything about the gems Mrs. Hudson
Watson, are you hungry?
not very hungry
Mrs. Hudson, change our dinner to a late night snack
We have to follow the vines and strike while the iron is hot
Can it be hotter than a late night snack?


good evening gentlemen it 's so cold tonight
Yes indeed boss
What would you like to drink?
Beer Watson? What? Oh ok
Two glasses of your best beer
wait sir
If your beer is as good as your goose it 's the purest beer


my goose ?
We just got together half an hour ago
Mr. Henry Baker, a member of your Goose Club, talked
Well, those geese aren 't ours
whose ?
I bought 24 from a vendor in Covent Garden
What 's his name ?
Brackenridge is a supplier who always has good stuff
Just a reminder if you want to buy a goose
I can go to him right away and you know it 's the busiest time of the year
Thanks for your advice
Can I have another beer?
God bless you sir


Go to Brackenridge now
Have to go now?
Watson, we 're following a lead that was ignored by the police.
This clue fell into our hands by chance.
We have to follow the clues at all costs to find out



do not Cry
I also want to believe you John really
I can 't argue with what the cops said but they just said they got me because I was there that day and I was doing odd jobs
Is that really true? I promised you when I got married
i will never lie to you
I have always kept my promise


i want to believe you too

good evening
good evening
Looks like your geese are all sold out
Do you have 500 for sale tomorrow morning?
too late
In the booth where the kerosene lamp was on, there was still
But people introduced me to you
Who ?
The owner of the Alpha Hotel
Bought 24 from me for him
Those geese are so nice. May I know where you got them from?


ok sir
what exactly do you mean ?
To be honest I 've made it very clear I just want to know about those geese you sold to Alpha
who supplied it i don 't wanna tell you that 's it

It 's just a little thing and I don 't understand
Why are you so angry
Wouldn 't that be the end of me if I spent a lot of money on good stuff? What 'where 's the goose'
'Who did you sell the geese to?' 'How much did you sell it for?' He seems to care too much about these geese
I feel like there 's no other geese in the world. I promise I have nothing to do with the rest of the people who come to inquire.
Interrogation? It 's just an interrogation I won 't tell you
That bet had to blow
What bet?
What bet?
I will always stand by my views on poultry
I bet £5 with my friend
Said that the goose I chose was raised in the countryside, right? What? Yes, yes, yes, you lose because it was raised in the city
not so
That 's it
I do not believe
Bring the money, Sherlock Holmes
You think I don 't understand but I 've been dealing with poultry since I was a child
let me tell you
The geese sold to the Alpha store are all grown up in the city
you can 't convince me
Please, Sherlock Holmes, willing to accept the bet, so are you willing to bet?
That 's just making you lose money, but I 'm still willing to bet you with a pound
Just to teach your stubbornness
good deal

Look closely, Mr. Pride, here 's the list of people who sold me geese on my ledger.
It 's all country folks on this page
On this page, written in red ink, all the suppliers in the city read the name of the third person to me.
Mrs Oakeshott 1 1 7 Brixton Road Customer Number 2 4 9
good, look at the ledger again
Mrs Oakeshott Egg and Poultry Supplier ?
What was the last bill that was recorded?
7 shillings 6 pence for 2 4 geese
Sold to Alpha Inn Windygate
Do you have anything else to say?
What about this gentleman 's £5?


Well done Sherlock Holmes
Are you going to see Mrs. Oakeshott tonight?
Why is it you again, are you annoying?
I said it was all sold out
You heard me say there are two grey crested geese
Listen I 'm so sick of you and your goose go to hell
If you keep bugging me with these stupid things
I 'll let the dog bite you
listen to me Mrs Oakeshott told me . . .
You bring Mrs Oakeshott and I 'll answer her
But what does this have to do with you? Did I buy my goose from you?
No, but there 's a goose in there that 's mine
Then you go to Mrs. Oakeshott and ask her to let me come to you. You can ask the King of Prussia if it has nothing to do with me.
I have had enough
get out of here
Save us the trip to Brixton




sorry i just accidentally
Overheard your conversation with that vendor
I thought I might be able to help you with this
yes who are you ?
I 'm Sherlock Holmes, and it 's my job to know what no one else knows, but you can 't know it
On the contrary, I know it perfectly
I know you want to find
Mrs Oakeshott of Brixton Road
The whereabouts of a shipment of geese sold to Brackenridge
And Brackenridge sold the goose to
Mr. Wendygate of the Alpha Hotel, you 're the one I 'm looking for.
I can 't express how much I 'm interested in this so I suggest somewhere more comfortable
Discuss it, carriage



come in and sit
I 'm going to change my slippers

I guess we have to know who we are fortunate to serve, right Watson? John Robinson
no no no
I 'm asking your real name to do business with a pseudonym, it 's not convenient, okay?
my real name is ryder james ryder
ok mr ryder
foreman at world hotel
right
You should be very curious to know the whereabouts of those geese, especially one of them is the one with the white body and gray crown, right?
Oh sir, can you tell me its whereabouts?
It came to me and you? It 's a pity it 's gone
But this goose dies and lays an egg
The most beautiful and shiny little blue egg I 've ever seen
come and let me show you

game over ryder
Stand firm, beware of falling into the fireplace
This poor bastard is really skinny and he doesn 't have the courage to commit a serious crime anymore.
I have basically mastered all the parts of the case and you have nothing to tell me
It was Catherine Cusack who instigated me. She was the countess ' maid.
Yes, you heard from the grapevine that Horner had a similar burglary.
Then what did you do
You and your accomplice Cusack in the Countess
There 's some movement in the room and you managed to get Horner to go
And you stole the gem and called the police. Unfortunate Horner went to jail.
For God 's sake have pity on me
Think of my dad my mom they 'll be heartbroken I 've never done anything bad before
I 'll never dare again, I can swear on the bible
Don 't send me to court Mr. Holmes don 't do it for God 's sake
sit back in the chair
Now I know I 'm on my knees and begging for mercy
Then why are you not pitiful
Horner who went to the dock because of you without knowing it?
I 'll fly away, Mr. Sherlock Holmes, I 'll leave this country
Then the charges against him are dropped. We 'll talk about that later.

Now tell me how the gem got into the goose 's belly
And how can the geese be sold in the market? Tell me the truth, this is your only hope for life
I tell you everything that happened I think it 's better to bring the gems
Run away now because I don 't know when the police will remember
go search me and my room
There isn 't a safe place in the hotel I pretend to be sent out of the hotel and go to my sister 's house to make up my mind
What 's the matter, Jem, you look terrible
I 'm a little terrified. There 's a burglary at the Maggie 's Hotel.
Come in, I 'm in her backyard with geese
smoking a cigarette, wondering what to do
I remember thinking about putting the stone temporarily
Where did I hide until I was flustered suddenly I saw a goose
huddled in the corner of the yard cooing my sister once told me i could pick a goose for christmas
I picked a goose
A good fat goose with a grey crown

I shoved gems down its throat
Stick it as far as your fingers can reach
I thought all the troubles were solved by this time . . .
What are you doing with that goose Jem? You said I could pick one for Christmas
I 'm trying to find out which one is the fattest
We saved yours long ago and we call it 'Jem 's Goose'
Uh Maggie it 's the same for you anyway I want the one I just held in my hand
But the one I kept for you weighed 3 pounds.
It doesn 't matter that we are specially fed.
I want that one, I 'll take it now
up to you
Which one do you want? The one with the grey crown in the middle, okay?
Kill it and take it away


I did as she said Mr. Holmes
I took the goose to my friend 's house and we used the knife
Open the goose, my heart is half cold
There 's no sapphire in the crop at all. I know something must have gone wrong. Where have all those geese gone?
Sold it to a dealer
which vendor ?
Brackenridge at Covent Garden
tell me
Is there another goose with a grey crown?
Yeah, two in total
I can 't even tell them apart
What 's the matter, why are you so flustered? I tried my best to run to
brackenridge
But he 's sold out the geese
I 'm going crazy for not telling who I 'm selling to
Now I 'm branded a 'thief' even though I don 't get
I sold my treasure of character for this
God forgive me God forgive me


get out
what ?
God bless you sir to shut up
get out



i have to admit sherlock holmes
This is a bit unexpected
I haven 't been called to the police station to tell them what they don 't know

Maybe I 've committed a felony too, but I might have saved someone too. If he 's in jail, he 'll be a prisoner for life


It 's Amnesty time, after all
it is midnight
Merry Christmas Sherlock Holmes
Merry Christmas my dear friend and so on
Sherlock Holmes John Horner is still in custody
When I think about it, I can 't eat at ease
do you want braztree or his colleagues
Maybe still working on the case? You 're right, Watson, let 's go


