



0 0 : 0 1 : 0 0 , 1 8 6 - - &gt; 0 0 : 0 1 : 0 2 , 6 0 5 The weather is nice outside now
But the forecast says there will be thunderstorms later in the afternoon
If you are going out, remember to bring an umbrella
Next, listen to Schubert 's 'Swan Song' No. 4 Serenade



hi ma
Hey
- Did you sleep? - A little bit
11:30
I know
I 'll go get a coffee
The race gets even better in the final lap




- Poor guy - who?
he
- I noticed him at first - I think so too
No, I mean I noticed he started too fast
Pay the price now
He looks like he 's dying
Maybe he needs a little encouragement
Come on, man, you can do it

I 'm starting to worry
Do you think something happened to him?
Someone will find out
I 'd be so disappointed if he died before I could ask him out
Don 't make such a joke, Margot
no kidding
Come on, Kenji, it 's almost there
Thanks for your escort, lad
sorry for putting you so late
Seriously, Kenji Golf is better for you
Don 't listen to his bullshit, go get a massage


shameful enough
Nope, just running for fun
not fun at all
They 're really worried that they might have to use
- Heart Shocker - Don 't Be Stupid
They keep asking me if I can let them load it
I said, 'No, I 'm going to run it all by myself'
nice
Why are you still here? Should have run away long ago.
we 're relaxing
I love to soothe my body
Smart

Do you practice running all by yourself? Still have runners?
I run by myself
Would you consider joining our jogging club?
i should like
thank you


Can I open the window? It smells like a sweatbox in here
OK
Kenji likes to turn the temperature up, his blood temperature is a little lower than mine
Have you thought about what to wear?
There should be a set of black trousers over a dry cleaning cover in the closet
Found it, what about the shoes?
I 'll pick a pair later

thanks

I let you get ready

Are you ok?
no pain no gain
Yes, no guts, no glory
you did great today
I have a magic weapon
Right? Pacemaker?
No, it 's the leader
I chose runners with just the right speed to run behind them, and they ran with me

Did you mean 'they' actually 'she'?
- No, it sounds like I 'm...
- Dirty?
I mean superficial
I 'm messing with you
But some people say that the only motive for men to do anything is to chase women

real or fake? Are you like this?
I used to be until I met my Betty
When did she die? Do you mind what I ask?
Cancer six years ago
Unfortunately
No, it 's okay, I 'm lucky we 've been married 36 years
Kenji . . . you clearly love your Betty a lot and I respect your marriage a lot too
But I think you might be able to leave a place in your heart for me too
or someone like me
I 've never met someone like you
Six years sounds like a long time
But I 'm more like a tortoise than a rabbit
Maybe I can slow down and you don 't have to chase me We can run at our own pace

Would you like to?
I found someone to work for me temporarily I can stay a few more days
It will be less convenient after at least the middle of next week
I am very happy, thank you
Are you going to run the Newport 10K next week?
I have this plan
Do you want to go together?
OK
I mean not just as runners
OK
I mean, is it okay if I book a hotel room with a double bed?
That 's great

Kenji


why are you doing this
You know I don 't want to travel alone anymore
That 's fine because I don 't want to either
- I 'm coming - hey!

can 't go back
no way back
Hi!

Omg, did we turn into ads for insurance and accessible tubs?
That feel-good couple?
Are you afraid of being like that?
No, I want to be like that
Has anyone ever been so happy in their entire life?
We are now as happy as we are, at least I am

Next, ask Margaux to share with us his memories of Kenji

The last time everyone got together like this was our 140th birthday party together and we announced our engagement
I 'm sorry I couldn 't have a bigger wedding reception I thought there were still plenty of opportunities
Kenji is not so sure
I remember him saying that at our age, 'until death do us part' isn 't a big commitment.

Twilight love is different
may be more realistic
When Kenji and I met, we 've been through many ups and downs in life, and we 've learned how to compromise
We have survived loss and failure
We somehow feel that even if this relationship fails, we can survive
I 'm not so sure now
Twilight Love is different but so the same Kenji and I did what all young people do
We were in love, we traveled, we renovated the house together, we planted flowers in the garden, and I made a memoir of us both
He calls me 'Honey'
Night at a party I just have to glance at him from a distance and he knows it 's time to take me home we can sit on the edge of the tub
flossing teeth while chatting about the night 's gossip
Every time we passed each other at home Kenji would deliberately stop to kiss me or rub my shoulders or touch my hands
It 's an experience I 've never felt before that bothers me a little bit at times but now I think that 's going to be the thing I miss the most
He and I used to tell each other 'we are really lucky'
real
Youthful love, surprisingly rich even for the elderly
Many of you here know that Kenji and I met while running
He called it the 'Old Men 's Olympics'
In the beginning we were always me chasing him, he chasing me till the end we found a way to keep the pace
Tough ascents That sickness and frustration-filled ascents are made a little easier and more enjoyable so are descents that are more enjoyable
Now, Kenji has run the whole way
but me. . .
I don 't know how to deal with it, to be honest
It 's all a little hard right now
But no matter how long it takes him to be there I hope he can wait for me

Would you like to go eat something with us? Everyone wants you to come
I am glad to
- Great. - see you over there
Mom, the car is ready
i want to go
- Are you sure? - I need to breathe
Bring at least an umbrella, it might rain
Don 't make a fuss, Chris, I 'll be fine
Do you want me to accompany you?
No, thank you, Janice, we 'll see you later






Just tell them you changed your mind
I haven 't changed my mind, just a little hesitant
I know
It 's weird enough for two gay men to raise children
Not because of that, you dead hillbilly
I just want to make sure they 'll be together forever
Why?
My dad left when I was three and you never saw your dad
It seems like everyone on the street basically grew up on their own
I want a couple who will stay together longer
Who can guarantee this?
listen, you go up
If you are afraid, I am here waiting for you
You don 't have to, you have a lot of options
For example?
please i 'll help you raise this little guy we can live in this van
- don 't run around - don 't run around
Homer, Homer, this way

- hey- hey welcome
welcome both

- hey - welcome three
I changed Tobin 's study into a baby room, half blue and half pink. It 's okay to have boys and girls.
We don 't have gender stereotypes
I 'll ask you questions
great, please
Baby Q&amp;A, are you ready?
- Baby Q&amp;A - That 's right
It 's true, you heard it right, it 's fun

i want to ask
What does a baby 's big green poop mean?
I have no idea
- What is 'you don 't know'? - I just don 't know
It means the baby is sick
- Why can 't we find out in time? - You want us to know when?


Where is my room?


Hey-hey!
Gusmin!
How will you be here? are you following me?
no, not tracking, you forgot to bring your umbrella
I 've been with you and it 's going to rain this week
It won 't rain, okay? I looked at my phone and said the front is gone
I 'm the concierge, I never check the weather
I hope you 're not here to lecture me and tell me what to do, okay?

Because I just went in there and talked to someone
I 'm looking for someone to talk to . . .
I actually . . . no I 'm not going to stand here defending myself
I 'm looking for someone to discuss my options I have many options I have the right to change my mind I don 't need to listen to you
or my parents ' words, or anyone 's words
I promise you there 's no particular reason I 'm here
do what you want
I won 't change the person who truly loves you because of anything
I just brought you an umbrella
Did you just say you love me?
I said it would rain, and it 's really going to rain
whatever you decide to do
You 'll need strength, no cold
Yeah, but it doesn 't really rain
Gusmin, because well, I don 't know how many times . . .
Oh my God







God
- No way - I 'm so happy to meet you


- gosh, me too - i have so much to tell you
- Right? - real
What 's wrong?
I got back with Emma
Really or not, it 's awesome, are you kidding me?


Who is Emma?
- I wrote a story about him- yes
What happened a while ago is a long story, I 'll tell you again

She saw the report you wrote
- real or fake? - we met . . .
Oh my god
thank you so much
I just want to thank you, it 's all thanks to you

- My app? - Exactly
- Are you using my app? - Exactly
see? you are awesome
- gosh - amazing
- It 's amazing - really
- take good care of this guy - thanks
Then I won 't bother
- First this way - we 'll keep in touch, let 's go
You must meet Emma to help me rate the app, okay?
no problem

Next chat







nice
rain, of course


I love summer rainstorms
It feels like the city 's layers of heat and tension need to be released, right?

Are you really talkative?
Seriously, I appreciate your confidence in casually chatting with a stranger but now I just want to stand here and stare at the rain
May I?
Are you usually this cynical?
Actually no
I just got pigeoned and I thought there was going to be something between us
I don 't mind this happening after the first date, after all, after meeting you may find that you don 't feel it, but you don 't even see it?
Not even a chance to make a good impression
I 'm sorry I can 't be warm and generous right now
have a nice day
Wait a moment
Listen, I can 't imagine how you feel right now
I 've never met someone who didn 't want to date me
real or fake
But I was thinking, like my mom used to say
Whenever something bad happens, you should try to reverse the universe whatever you want to call it, reverse it with good things
well, twist the universe, understand
Wait a minute, if someone overtakes you on the road
That 's because you are very generous and let the other party go first
If someone steals your wallet, find a donation box and donate some money
Someone put your pigeons on you, and you feel bad, don 't you?
What if God gave you another date? this moment

Are you serious?


hateful
Continue to fight?
ok, you serve







Mato love
