The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes
Season 1 Episode 6
you bring me back boy
What are you doing in my territory?
I 'm the gentleman who goes back and forth with my own things
These dirty little rascals stole some horseshoes and a bag of nails from my shop
Do you have evidence ?
When I find those things here it 's proof
Don 't make me call the police
These people are my guests and you are the trespasser Mr. Tonn
I 'm not afraid of your doctor
Get out of my place!
The strange case of the speckled belt
please come back soon
dear please don 't worry
We 're getting married in a few weeks.
I 'm just going back to London now
goodbye sir thank you for entertaining me for such a great weekend
I will definitely improve my chess skills next time I visit
oh yeah actually
your chess skills are not bad
Thank you for the compliment sir
I 'm going to take Percy to the door father
Um
you wait for me at the door
That guy was trespassing but he was pushed into the water by me.
Father, I don 't think Thon will do it on purpose . . .
What the fuck are you doing against me too?
No, father, this is my home, and it won 't be long before
Aren 't you going to marry that Armitage?
What 's up ?
Father, what happened to my room?
The workers found something wrong with the wall in your room. You can go to your sister 's room to sleep until they are finished.
Julia 's room I can 't sleep there
Why not ?
I can not. . .
What 's the matter? That room is fine.
I 've already asked the maid to tidy up the room
go and move your luggage there good night
hey little beauty good night good night
I 'm so sorry Watson, but this morning you and I had to give in.

what 's the matter
But it 's only a quarter past seven, what happened to the fire?
No, there is a client
The fire will be on in a while, sir
It won 't be long before Mrs. Hudson is an ignition expert.
Ah, this is my close partner and colleague, Mr. Watson, in front of him you can speak as freely as you do in front of me
Hello
Mrs. Hudson, please bring this lady a cup of hot coffee, I see you 're shaking
I 'm not shivering because of the cold
That is ?
because of the fear of mr holmes
because of fear
Don 't be afraid, I 'm sure about you we 'll get it sorted out soon
I think you came by train this morning
So you know me?
No, I noticed that half of your return ticket is in the glove of your left hand.
You must have started early and you arrived at the station after a long drive on rough and muddy roads in a chariot.
There 's nothing strange about it, my dear lady. You 've got at least seven mud spots on the left arm of your coat. These mud spots are not long on the way.
Only a chariot can splash mud like that and you 're sitting to the left of the driver
You are absolutely right
Sir I 'm so nervous I can 't take it anymore I 'm going crazy
It was Mrs. Farintosh who told me about you. You helped her when she needed it the most.
Farintosh
'Dear Helen' 'You don 't talk too much so it 's hard for me to give you any advice' 'But I know you 're a smart girl and you won 't go out of your way'
'I 'm one of your poor mother 's best friends'
'So I suggest that if you 're too scared' 'Go to Mr. Sherlock Holmes' 'He lives at 2 2 1 B Baker Street'
farintosh oh remember that case to me
The eye-catching stone, Watson, it was before you knew me
Thank you Mrs Watson
Could you please help me too, sir?
I can 't repay you for helping me right now but . . in a few weeks I 'll be married and I 'll be able to manage my own income
I 'd love to work for you as I used to work for your friends
As for remuneration my profession itself is my remuneration but supporting what I may pay in this matter is of course when you think it is most appropriate
Now please tell us in detail about the situation so that we can make a judgment on the matter
my name is helen stoner
I live with my stepfather Greensby Dr. Roylott
He is descended from one of the oldest Saxon families in England
Stoke Moran 's Roylot family I know
stepfather is a doctor
Excellent medical skills, he once opened a very large clinic in Kolkata, India
what
Dr. Watson also practiced medicine in India
For the 5th Musket Regiment of North Umbran
Please go on Miss Stoner
He married my mother in Calcutta
my mother is the young widow of a major general
I was two years old when my mother remarried and my sister Julia was five years older than me
My mother was quite wealthy, earning no less than £1,000 a year. She made a will when she died. The money goes to him when we live with Dr. Roylot.
Interrupt your mother has died?
She died shortly after we returned to England in a train accident near Cliff
Stepfather abandoned plans to open in London takes us back to Stoke Moran 's old house
Your mother left you enough money to spend you should be very happy?
It was my stepfather who suddenly changed horribly. He made neither friends nor neighbors. The neighbors would have been happy to see Roylott 's descendants back home.
But he locks himself in the house all day, and if he goes out, he will quarrel with others and even have a lawsuit.
He 's the weirdo everyone in the village fears now
Does he allow others to visit?
Only my fiancé and some stray gypsies are not allowed in
Gypsies? They 're all homeless but their stepfather allows them to live in the garden
Sometimes I go out with them for a few days
From what I 've said, you can imagine that my life with my poor sister Julia is no fun at all.
Even the servants don 't want to be on our side, so the housework is entirely up to us
My sister was only 30 years old when she died but she was prematurely old and her temples were gray and almost the same as I am now
Your sister is dead?
she died two years ago
I 'm here to tell you about her passing
Living the kind of life I just described, it 's hard for us to meet our peers who are the right match. Fortunately, our stepfather occasionally lets us go out.
Two years ago Julia met a half-salary Marine Corps major general
and married him
Did your stepfather approve of this marriage?
he never objected
But just less than two weeks before the wedding a terrible thing happened that cost me my only partner
Please clarify the details
It 's not hard to remember everything that happened that terrible night.
Julia came to my room and came to me at about 11 o 'clock late that day
He 's smoking that nasty cigar again
Why don 't you live here before you get married?
oh helen oh i 'm so happy
But the thought of leaving you here alone makes me sick
will be my turn
i will miss you
I won 't let you think I 'll live with you
And your major general has promised me that you will introduce me to a brother major general who is more handsome than him
what 's the matter darling ?
Helen, did you hear anyone whistle at night?
I mean you don 't whistle involuntarily when you fall asleep, do you?
Of course not what?
a few nights ago
Usually around 3am I always hear a low, clear whistle
I can 't tell where the sound is coming from, I don 't know if you heard it
I slept deeper than you
Probably from the poor gypsies in the garden
never mind
Do you always have the habit of locking yourself in your room at night?
To stepdad loves Indian wildlife
Free-range with a cheetah and baboons
Julia and I don 't feel safe without locking doors and windows
I couldn 't sleep that night
There 's always a vague sense of impending doom
Julia !
What happened to Julia?
help me
oh god helen straps . . .
a speckled band
I 'm going to call my father
Do not !
Go back to your room and I 'll deal with it
sorry gentlemen
My sister and I are very close
understandable
what a tragic experience

You can 't imagine how she...
Can you swear you hear the whistles and the metal crashing?
I 'm very impressed, but it 's possible that I heard it wrong. Did your sister get dressed at that time?
without her in pajamas
Well there 's a candle and a burnt match on the floor
That is why she woke up
strike a match and look around
What did the coroner come to? The coroner took the case seriously but never found a convincing cause of death
And you said the door was locked from the inside
The shutters are closed every night
That is to say, when your sister suffers misfortune, she is the only one in the house?
Yes, and there are no signs of violence on her body, so is it possible that she was poisoned?

The doctors checked but couldn 't find it

So why do you think this unfortunate lady died?
I believe she died of fear and fright
Although I can 't imagine what actually freaked her out what do you think she meant by the band with the speckled band? I think it 's bullshit
Or refers to a certain group ( band ) of people
Don 't the gypsies on the plantation often wear a speckled handkerchief around their necks?
It 's not that simple. What happened after your sister died?
My life has been lonelier since then until a month ago
A good friend of mine who has known for many years
Propose to me. His name is Percy. Armitage. You 'll be married in a few weeks.
So what happened to prompt you to come to me at a time when your life was about to be happy?
Yesterday the old house started to be renovated and my bedroom was punched
So last night I had to move to the room where Julia was scared to death and sleep in the same bed she slept in. I was scared by a noise that night.
That 's the low whistle that used to herald my sister 's death
So you lit the light? Yes but I didn 't see anything
I 'm so scared I can 't sleep anymore
I got dressed and slipped out at dawn and hired a carriage at the Crown Inn.
Went straight to here from there hoping for your help

You did it wisely but did you say all you had to say ?
yes you didn 't say all about miss stoner
you 're defending your stepfather
he 's a weirdo
But still my father
I think it 's time for breakfast I need to know a lot of details before I decide to take action
If we go to Stoke Moran today
Is it possible to check out the room there without your stepfather knowing?
Coincidentally, he said he was going into the city today to do some errands. What about the servants? No servants
Only the local old lady always comes to help with cleaning, but she only comes and leaves in the morning, and no one will disturb you.
Great, Watson, you don 't object to us doing some investigation together?
no objection at all
Then we 'll see you in the afternoon
I will welcome you

Stay for some breakfast?
thank you
I 'm in a better mood now

ah mrs hudson thank you
the whistle at night and
That speckled band of gypsies who were very close to the doctor 's dying phrase, and all that, just hold on to these clues and you 'll be able to solve the mystery
Who are you two Sherlock Holmes?
sir
But who are you? I 'm Stoke. Moran 's Greensby. Dr. Roylot

Oh, the doctor, please sit down, I won 't sit down
Did my stepdaughter visit you this morning?
What did she say to you?
It 's a bit unusual that the weather is so cold at this time
What did she say to you?
But I heard that this year 's harvest will be very good! You are going in circles with me, aren 't you?

you rascal
I 've heard of you long ago that you 're a Sherlock Holmes meddling
Sherlock Holmes Scotland Yard 's self-righteous little detective

It was so interesting talking to you
Don 't forget to close the door when you go out because there 's a drab breeze here
I won 't leave until I finish speaking, but you dare to interfere in my family 's affairs
I know Miss Stoner came to you


I 'm a bad guy

Thank you Mrs Hudson, he 's just a client
Such a nice guy even though I 'm not as big as him...

This guy confuses me with a police detective
This makes our investigation even more interesting. I just hope the lady just now doesn 't.
I feel bad about being followed here by her I 've always had an idea Watson
Roylott had been practicing medicine in India if he was so successful
Why do you want to go back to your country to be a noble with little money?
My friend Coombs might be able to answer this question Coombs should have been in Calcutta at the time
Then go find this friend of yours, Coombs, and see what information he has to offer.
I went to the medical association
See if you can find some useful information
Then see you at 1 o 'clock under the big clock at Waterloo station
Of course, if you 've finished your breakfast by then, oh your gun
I 'd be grateful if you could carry him in your pocket
Such a gun would be very useful against a gentleman who can bend tongs
A gun and your toothbrush will suffice

I read the will of the late wife
Her entire income was nearly £1100 at the time of her death
But based on the drop in farm prices, at market prices currently less than £750 daughters are entitled to £250 each when they get married, so if both sisters get married
Greensby. Roylott has little money left
Even marrying only one daughter would be very embarrassing
This could be a strong motivation
Oh did you find Coombs?
It 's hard to find him, but it 's still by me
Heard it from Swenson in Butts
He did know a Roylot when he was in Calcutta
What the lady said is true
But he also said a very interesting thing. At that time, the place where the doctor lived had attracted several thieves. His local housekeeper was the most suspect.
Roylott caught the butler and beat the poor guy to death in a rage
Although he escaped the death penalty, he still spent a long time in prison and returned to the country with a disappointed heart, becoming more and more perverse.
oh watson it 's an evil world
A wise man becomes the toughest criminal to deal with when he uses his intelligence to commit a crime

Are the two gentlemen on vacation?
not we are builders
Come and see the houses around here that 's why you 're going to Stoke. Moran
I don 't think I 'm visiting there for any other reason.
So you 're going to do business with Dr. Roylott?
It should be the name
If you don 't mind, gentlemen, I have a piece of advice for you. Be careful with him.
Rumor has it that he 's a little out of his mind
Is that right? Just yesterday, Mr. Tonn, the blacksmith at the time
I had a fight with the doctor
I heard it was because the gypsies who lived in the doctor 's plantation stole the blacksmith 's stuff. I heard about the gypsies and the cheetah. He seems to have a reputation.
In a fit of rage, the doctor threw Mr. Tonn into the river
Thon is a big man. God, did he have a lawsuit with the doctor?
He was going to hit but Miss Stoner was the doctor 's stepdaughter.
Putting out her own money quelled the wrath of the blacksmith
did you hear holmes
The more I hear about that young lady
The more I admire her
What a nice guy to be praised. Just park over there, driver, what do you mean?
Miss Stoner, of course, which is admirable.
Miss Stoner


It seems all is well
Dr. Roylott went to London and probably won 't be back very late
We have been fortunate enough to know Dr. Roylott
what the hell he followed me? yes he came after you left
But Holmes threw him away
He 's so cunning I don 't know how to guard against him
He must protect himself first
Maybe someone more cunning than him is following him
Holmes, do you think we should take Miss Stoner out of here tonight?
But if he gets angry . . . and we 're here




This is Dr. Roylot 's room
This is your sister 's former bedroom
And this room is yours?
There 's something I don 't quite understand that I 'm sleeping in this room, renovating Miss Stoner.
It doesn 't seem to be common for bedrooms on the first floor, right?
Because the upstairs room was in disrepair, the bedroom was moved down. Of course, it 's pathetic.

That gable doesn 't look like it 's in dire need of repair, does it?
I don 't need to believe it 's just an excuse to get me out of my bedroom
Miss Stoner invites you to the room where you are sleeping
What are you doing with the shutters, Watson?
Use your method to investigate, Sherlock Holmes, to see if the ground has been trampled.
So what did you find? I believe I saw your footprints
My footprints and Miss Stoner 's and this

If this shutter is bolted no one can get in
Well let 's see if we can find any useful clues inside the house

Where does this bell go?
to the butler 's room
It looks like new, it 's only been installed for a year or two.
Is it your sister 's request?
I 've never heard her use it anyway. We always do things ourselves.
yeah excuse me for taking a moment to check the floor


The bell doesn 't ring
interesting


There 's also a vent to another room
Aren 't the vents supposed to lead to the outdoors?
It 's not too long ago, Miss Stoner, can we?
Go to Dr. Roylot 's room.

What 's in here?
my stepfather 's work file
Oh, so have you opened it?
I only saw it once was a few years ago and I remember it was full of documents

Shouldn 't there be a cat here?
Nope, what a weird idea
Then look at this!
no we don 't have cats
Ah, the cheetah is also a big cat
Yes, but a plate of milk is not enough for a cheetah.

Is the cheetah on a leash? Is this leash Watson?
What do you think this is?
Looks like just a normal leash
I just don 't understand why it 's tied
We don 't have dogs either. Thank you, Miss Stoner. That 's it for the check.


I just wanted to ask him if he wanted a cup of tea
Miss Stoner from now on you must do absolutely everything I say
It 's about your life and death. I promise to listen to you. I 'll ask first.
We passed a small farmhouse when we came
Hill 's old house
Can you see the window of your sister 's room from there? Can you be sure?
Sure
Then we 'll go there and watch
Want something to eat?
We do have to have some dinner first, don 't we, Holmes?

Is there a hotel near here?
The crown hotel oh very good or thank you
listen to miss stoner
when your stepfather comes back
You must lock yourself in the room
Fake a headache and wait until you hear him go back to sleep you have to open the shutters on your windows and open the latches
and put a light on as a signal to us and then bring everything you need to sneak back to your original bedroom even though that bedroom is still under repair and it should be fine to stay overnight
Yes, no problem
Now we have to leave
If Dr. Roylott comes back and bumps into us
Then this trip is a waste.
Mr. Holmes, I think you 've made up your mind. If you have pity on me, tell me the cause of my sister 's death.
be brave
Just do as I say and believe we 'll remove your danger soon.


very clear indeed

Do you think you have to wait one night for Sherlock Holmes ?
everything is possible
Once the depravity of being a doctor
Easily a good criminal, he has the guts and knowledge
Palmer and Pritchard are a master (note: these two doctors who lived in the 19th century poisoned their entire family), but this man is more sophisticated
I was very hesitant to ask you to come with me tonight
Can I help you because we are in great danger?
thank you very much !


You obviously saw a lot of things in the room that I didn 't see
Not at all
I may have made some inferences
Do you remember Miss Stoner mentioning that her sister could smell Dr. Roylott 's cigar?
So what? Opening a vent will naturally have the effect of ventilation.
Lady who slept in bed with hanging bell rope dies
I don 't see any connection
Did you notice there 's a very strange thing about that bed? The bed is fixed to the floor

The bed cannot be moved, which means it can only be positioned where it faces both the vent and the bell rope
Here we still call it the bell rope
Although it 's never been used as a bell-rope, I seem to be starting to pick up on your cues that we 're just in time to stop one
insidious and terrible crime
wow boy
Good night

How are you doing today?
Not so boring
where did you go this morning ?
I also went into town to get something ready for the wedding.
You know I 'm going to town too
could have gone together
I left early to know that I
So I 'll be back at noon, I 've got things planned for the afternoon

A trip to the city is just a whim
you always lie
Excuse me, I have a splitting headache
Sherlock Holmes Nosy Sherlock Holmes
Sherlock Holmes Scotland Yard 's self-righteous little detective


signal is coming

that 's a baboon
look at this family



We must turn off the lights and wait

don 't fall asleep
It 's a matter of life

Did you see Watson, did you see it?
What does it mean ?
it means it 's over
Maybe this is the best ending
Grab your gun, Watson, let 's see


tape speckled tape
This is a moor viper
A type of Indian venomous snake
He died within ten seconds of being bitten.

really deserved it
The agency was too smart to miscalculate his own life
I first thought of snakes because I knew that the doctor kept a lot of animals brought from India and he had to use a deadly poison
But it can 't be easily tested by chemical tests whether the snake will bite the person in the bed is not sure
She might be able to get away with bad luck all week
But sooner or later it is doomed
Oh poor Julia
The doctor trained the snake probably using the milk we 've seen to make the snake crawl back when it hears the whistle
That 's the kind of sound you and your dead sister hear.
The chair in Dr. Roylott 's room has signs of frequent stepping on it, indicating that he was standing on the ground to reach the vent. I beat the snake with a bamboo pole last night.
drove it back through the vent
At the same time, it also provoked its wildness, so when it returned, it killed the first person to see it, Dr. Greensby. Roylott
That means you, Sherlock Holmes
Undoubtedly indirectly responsible for his death?
But my conscience may never be blamed for it


