0 0 : 0 0 : 1 1 , 2 5 0 - -&gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 1 4 , 4 0 0 Power is the deadliest drug of all time Powerhasalwaysbeenadea dlynarcotic , and in 1989 andin 19 8 9 ,
Tandy 1000 SL series computer Radio S hack  ' s T andy 1000 SL is my drug of choice wasmydrugofchoice .
Intel 8086 processorW itthan Intel 8086 running at 8 megahertz runningateightmegahertz plus a 5.2 5 inch floppy drive andafive - and - a - quarter - inchfloppydrive,
I couldn 't do anything therewasnothing I couldn  ' tdo .
Graphics From Adding Bunker to My Homework From romaddingsnazzygraphi cstomyhomework . . .
Bunkers out S osnazzy . to easily alphabetize . . . toeasilyalphabetizing
The names of my enemies and their crimes mylistofenemiesandtheircrimes. Too easy S oeasy.
Sheldon should go S heldon, timetogo.
We should really buy a computer Wereallyneedtogetoneof these.
What do we want a computer for Whatoneearthdoweneedaco mputerfor ?
Yes we have you and your big head Yeah , wegotyouandyourbighea d .
But with computers we can do a lot of things Butwecangetsomuchaccom plished .
I could use the spreadsheet program I coulduseaspreadsheetp rogram to keep track of your daily expenses tokentrackofyourexpenses .
I marked I dothatinthebackofmychcheckbook with the back of my checkbook.
But does it beep when you open your checkbook Yes , but does your checkbookg o ' Beep ' when you openit ?
No I don  ' tthinkso . Besides, the computer can organize your recipes Plus , thecomputer canorganiz eyourrecipes .
But my recipes are all sorted out Butmyrecipesareorganized .
Use the index card Onindexcards.
Like the ancient caveman Likeacaveperson .
Cave Mom I will call you Cave M om in the future.
I ' m   g o n n a   c a l l   y o u   t h a t .
None of this matters Sheldon I tdoesn  ' tmatter , S heldon . We can 't afford a computer Wecan  ' taffordacomputer .
Affordable now only $998 Surewecan .
I t  'sonly $ 9 9 8 , Dave said we can buy in monthly installments and Davesayswecanbuyitonea symonthlypayments .
That 's right T hat  ' s true .
Don 't be too busy Dave S tayoutofthis , D ave .
Let 's go Comeon.
We have to go home W egottogethome .
But . . . But . . .
Sheldon , I said no . Sheldon , I said no . I can give you a good price for the computer on display. Mrs. Cooper. I can make you a good deal on the floormodel , mrs .
Cooper . Seriously Dave you are going to piss me off S eriously , Dave , you  ' regetting on mynerves .
It 's not fair. It 's not fair.
You bought Missy Ring Candy Youbought Missya R ing P op .
That 's ten cents fortencents.
- Not every penny was spent - let 's go - A nd I  ' mwortheverypenny .
-   L e t ' s   g o .
Sorry Dave S orry , D ave . Our family is struggling and has no spare money We  ' relivingpaychecktopay check .
Go M ove !
juvenile shelton
- Ruixia Electric Appliances - Ruixia Electric Appliances - A h , Radio S hack .
- A h , Radio S hack . That 's it. Hereitis , the T andy 1 0 0 0 SL computersystem .
Sheldon was goingonandon about thatthingtoday .
I have never seen a computer so easy to use I  ' veneverseenonesoeasyt ouse .
Do you guys need to guide your way back to your home planet Greetings .
N eeddirectionsbacktoyo urplanet ? This technology is more advanced than we thought T histechnologyismoread vancedthanwethought .
Do you know the movie E.T. The Alien Youknowthatmovie E.T.?
The child who discovered the alien was named Elliott T hekidwhofindshim , hisnameis Elliott , whose first letter was E and the last letter was T whichstartswithan ' E ' A ndendswitha ' T .'
Coincidence?
I don 't think so. I don  ' tthinkso . You 're going to live with us for the rest of your life, aren 't you? You  ' regonnalivewithusfore ver , aren  ' tyou ?
Sheldon wants a computer S o , S heldonwantsacomputer ?
He has been clamoring for E versincehecouldtalk since he could talk.
Seeing this change made B utnowmorethanever even worse. He could do odd jobs after school Well , heshouldgeta jobafters chool .
Save your own money to buy a Saveupandbuyone .
Doing odd jobs. He 's only nine years old. Getajob?
H e ' s   n i n e .
I mowed lawns when I was his age. I mowedlawns when I washisage.
Also made a lot of money M adeprettygoodmoney . Do you want Sheldon to mow the lawn Youwant S heldontomowlawns ?
He 's so weak he 's in the sun for five minutes He 'ssopale, fiveminutesinthesun, and he 'll be burnt to ashes he 'dburstintoflames.
I would pay to see this scene I would paytoseethat .
Shut up George Shutup, Georgie.
Hope you told him we can 't afford I hopeyoutoldhimwecan ' taffordit.
Of course said Ofcourse.
I can buy him a I couldbuyitforhim first, then you can pay me back when you have the money andtheny  ' all could paymeback when you can .
Well Connie you are humiliating me by saying that O kay , Connie , nowyou  ' rejustinsultingme .
That was not my intention Well , that was not myintention ,
but i would love for you to think so but i  ' mgladtohearit . i can afford my own expenses i canpaymyownbills
Also able to take care of my family and take care of my family . We can indeed cut some expenses T hereareexpenseswecoul dcutbackon so we can afford a computer sowecouldaffordacompu ter .
You mean the money you give to the church You mean like the money you givetochurch ?
No I mean the money you give to No, I mean like themoneyyougi ve Lone Star Beer Company to the L one S tar Beercompany.
Well said Mom G oodone , Mom .
- Shut Up - Shut Up Pumpkin - Shutup .
-   S h u t   u p ,   p u m p k i n .
We don 't buy computers We  ' renotgettingacomputer . We don 't need your money We edon  ' tneedyourmoney .
Where are you going W hereareyougoing ?
Go and pour . . . a glass of milk Togeta . . . glassofmilk .
He lied that he was going to pour beer He  ' slying .
H e ' s   g e t t i n g   a   b e e r .
Shut up George Shutup, Georgie.
Mom M om ?
Why don 't you sleep W hyareyoustillup ?
Madame Curie was on the roof Madame Curieisontheroof , and she was not wearing a hat andshe  ' snotwearingherhat .
Are you dreaming baby You  ' rejustdreaming , baby .
But she  ' llbecoldwithoutherhat , she will catch a cold without a hat .
I 'll give her mine you go to sleep I 'llgivehermine.
N o w   y o u   g o   t o   s l e e p .
Thank you Mom M m , thanks , M om .
You are the best You  ' rethebest .
Oh my god Oh , Lord .
I 'm guessing our Monday 'Sunday' is going to be canceled I 'mguessingwe ' renothavingouronce-a-week.
Sorry, I only have relations with gentlemen I like.
Please know I don 't like Oh , comeon . You ouknowhow I feel your mother interferes with our family 's finances aboutyourmothermeddli n  ' inourfinances .
She didn 't come to intervene she just wanted to help S hewasn  'tmeddlin  ' , shewasofferingtohelp .
And a computer is not an idiot toy. And thatcomputerisnotso mesillytoy.
Sheldon could use it for homework S heldoncoulduseitforhi sschoolwork , and I could use it to . . . organize my recipes and I coulduseitto . . . organize myrecipes .
You already have those little cards organized by Youalreadygot  'emorganizedonthoselit tlecards.
Yeah like a caveman Y eah , like acaveperson .
It doesn 't matter Well, it doesn 'tmatter.
The point is that we can 't afford the end of the topic We can  ' taffordit , endofstory .
Maybe it 's not quite the end of Notexactlyendofstory.
What does this mean What  ' sthatmean ? I have been saving money for the past few years I  ' vebeensettingmoneyasi dethelastcoupleofyears , maybe raising a soldier for a thousand days is at this time andthismightbeagoodus eforit .
Where did you get the money Moneyfromwhat ?
That 's what you save here and there. Youknow, hereand there.
Bookkeeping for the church, some seamstresswork, some seamstresswork, birthdaymoneyfrommy Aunt Zelda.
A ndjusthowmuchofthis 'Hereandthere' money
How much yougotsavedup? Given it 's my money Well, seeingasit ' smymoney,
How much you can 't control I don  ' tthinkthat  ' sanyofyourbusiness .
Can 't I control No oneofmybusiness ?
You take care of every penny I earn, but you have private money.
It 's not private I just told you It  'snotsecret .
I   j u s t   t o l d   y o u .
Where did you hide your money W hereyouhidingit ? Now you can ask private questions Well , now you  ' reheadedintosecretter ritory .
Ok Oh , okay .
I make sure my money is our money Justso I  ' mclear , mymoney  ' sourmoney ,
But your money is your own money butyourmoney ' syourmoney.
That 's right T hat  ' sright . Good to know that Oh , goodtoknow .
Fortunately, we cancel every Monday 'Sunday' event I  ' mgladwe  ' renothavingouronce - a - week
Because Lao Tzu is totally in no mood right now ' cause I amnotinthemood .
Really? Really?
That 's a shame T hat  ' stoobad .
why do you have why?
A r e   y o u ?
With you big head No o !
Do you need to play me like that? T hatwasuncalledfor .

Forgot to tell you a girl called for you I forgottotellyou , agirlcalledforyou .
What girl Whatgirl?
I don 't know just a girl I don  ' tknow .
A   g i r l .
What did she say Well , what  ' dshesay ?
Can 't remember it was several months ago I t  ' shardtoremember .
T h i s   w a s   m o n t h s   a g o .

Two cases of beer Twocases ?
Are you kidding me You  'vegottobekiddingme .
Don 't worry I didn 't use your moneyD on  ' tworry , I didn  ' tuseourmoney .
I used my money I usedmine .
Almost finished your dinner Finishyourdinner

Pack your bags and then packabag after eating.
We 're going to Grandma 's Wearegoingto Meemaw 's.
Why ? Because your parents need to be separated for a while Be ecauseyourmomanddadne edabreakfromeachother .
How long are Forhowlong apart?
I don 't know hurry up and clean up I don  ' tknow .
Justpack . Will I needearmuffs ?
Bring it if you want. Sure, ifyouwant.
But my yearbook predicts a suitable temperature A lthoughmyalmanacdoesp predictmildtemperatures.
Then don 't bring Thenon  ' tbringit .
I 'll just bring my yearbook I 'lljustbringmyalmanac.
Forget it, I 'll take both, Youknowwhat, I 'llbringboth. Should I pack my toothbrush or use the orusetheone I keepat Meemaw 's at my grandma 's house?
I will answer this question I gotthisone.
Who cares about you No bodycares . I don 't want to go to my grandma 's house I don  ' twanttogoto Meemaw  ' shouse .
What if the girl calls again Whatifthatgirlcallsback ?
ok then you stay here with your dad Fine , then stay here with your f ather .
Sheldon Missy we leave in half an hour S heldon and Missy , weareoutofhereinhalfa nhour .
I don 't have much time for me to consider whether to bring a toothbrush or not. No otalotoftimetopickato othbrush.


Come in Comeonin.
Mom and Dad need to be separated for a while M omand D adneedabreak .
We don 't know how long Weedon 'tknowhowlong.

What did he bring What  ' shegotinthere ?
Everything brought E verything .


I will never marry I ain  'tnevergettingmarried.
- is it - yes - T hatso ?
-   Y e a h .
Women are troublemakersW omenarenothingbuttrou ble. I 'll pick up I 'llgetit!
Hello, my name is George Jr. Hello , G eorgiespeaking .
Did you run to answer the phone did you feel like an idiot Didyouruntothephone ? Doyoufeelstupid ?

Who W howasit ? No body No body .
The little conflict between me and my mother will soon be over.
Don 't make a fuss D on  ' tmakeabigdealofit .
I didn 't I just said I 'mnot. I 'mjustsaying
I 'm more suited to be a lone wolf I  ' mbettersuitedtothesin glelife . How can I see A ndhowdoyoupicturethat ? You know those buffet restaurants outside O kay , well , youknowthebuffetat Golden C orral ,
There 's a wide variety of food to choose from, wherethere 's sallkindsofchoices
And you can have as many servings and varieties as you want and you can have as muchas you want ? Yeah .
Being single is just like that, but it 's just picking hot girls at random.
little george i bet you 1 0 0 0 g eorgie , i  ' llbetyouathousanddoll ars
你 Meeting 2 5 岁 ノ Mae Marriage you 'remarriedbeforeyou ' re 2 5.
I bet you Yougotabet .
It feels like I 'm just stealing your money
George Jr. married his first wife, Georgiemarriedhisfirst wifeat 19.
He never gave my dad He everpaidmyfather the money he lost. I want to tell you I am very happy Well, I gottotellyouhowhappy I am
have you come to my house for the night thaty  ' allarespendingthenigh twithme .
Your house smells like smoke, Yourhousesmellslikecig arettes.
So happy Sohappy .
Sheldon, we 've talked about this.
You don 't go tell people what it smells like Y oudon  ' tneedtoannouncetopeop lehowthingssmell .
All right, you two, lay down Allright, youtwo, settlein.
Are you going to divorce your dad? A reyouand D adgonnagetadivorce ?
Of course not O fcoursenot . Are you sure you pack your bags with your kids A reyousure ? Packingupyourkids
Move to your mother 's house in the middle of the night and moving in with your mo m
These are all signs of divorce hasalltheearmarksofad ivorce.
We will not divorce We 'renotgettingadivorce.
Go to sleep O kay , gotosleep .
Good dreams Sweetdreams .

I can 't believe my parents were fighting over beer I can  ' tbelieve M omand D adhadafightoverbeer .
I don 't think it 's because of the beer I don 't thinkthefightwasabou tbeer.
There should also be underlying reasons I thinktherewasmoresubt ext . I guess you 're right You 're reprobablyright.
Although I don 't know what the 'underlying reason' is Thenagain , I don  ' tknowwhatsubtextis .
But since you all 'mixed' into my bed, butsinceyou ' regettinginmybed,
- I had to blend in - ask it - I  ' mgettinginyourbusines s .
- Goahead . When are you leaving W henyouleaving ?
Very funny V eryfunny . This is not a joke T hatwasn  ' tajoke .
I love you and the kids I loveyou , and I lovethekids , but I love you more living across the street but I loveyoubetterlivingac rossthestreet .
Sorry for the inconvenience the end of my marriage has caused you.
Don 't make a fuss. O h , don  ' tbesodramatic .
It 's just a quarrel. It 's salittlespat. It 's not a long-standing conflict. No, this wasalongtimecoming.
This question concerns the core of our marriage T hisgoestotheverycoreo fourrelationship .
It seems that you are going to continue making a fuss I seewe  ' resticking with dramat c .
The minute he found out I hadmoneysetaside,
Just feel threatened do you know why hefeltthreatened . An ndyouknowwhy ?
Because it means I can live independently without him ' C auseitmeantthat I canliveindependentofhim .
Like sleeping in your mommy 's bed Sleepinginyourmommy  ' sbed ?
You know what I mean Youknowwhat I mean .
Are you going to buy Sheldon that computer Yougonnabuy S heldonthatcomputer ?
I can 't buy it now. Well, now I haveto.
Got it Gotit.

You know I still have an active love life. Youdoknow I still haveanactivelove life .
Go to sleep just now. Justgotosleep.


Just on this bed 'active' Onthisverybed.
Oh my mom Oh , Mom .


What 's for breakfast What  ' sforbreakfast ?
I don 't know how to pour a bowl of cereal. I don 'tknow. G rababowlofcereal .
Mom usually makes us eggs and toast M omusually makes useggsa ndtoast
Occasionally there will be meat and theoccasionalmeat . Mom is not at home Well , M omisn  ' there , isshe ?
Someone got out of bed today and got up on the wrong side of the bed. W hoa . S omebodywokeuponthewro ngsideofthebed .

Obviously the whole bed is up to you
George Georgie Jr. You are kidding your life Walkingonthinice .
Maybe you should go across the street and apologize Maybeyoushouldgoacross thestreetandapologize .
I can 't do that. I can 'tdothat.
Why hynot ?
Because if I go it sets a bad precedent [the president]  'C auseif I do, itsetsabadprecedent.
What does President Nixon have to do with this What  's Nixongottodowithit ? What What ?
You say 'Bad President' Nixon is President Youaid ' Badpresident , ' like Nixon .
It 's this guy Youknow , thisguy .

Are you going to apologize? Yougoingtoapologize?
Dad Dad ! Dad Dad !
If yes bring the meat back I fyouare , bringbackmeat !




Hope you are happy now Hey . I hopeyou  ' rehappy .
thank you little george you are so kind Thankyou , Georgie .
T h a t ' s   v e r y   k i n d .
Parents fight because you want a broken computerM omand D adarefightingbecausey ouwanttogetastupidcom puter .
what are you talking about
Grandma said she bought Meemawofferedtopayfori t,
As a result I can only eat pineapple strips for lunch and now I  ' meatingpineapplespear sforlunch .
I hate making my own lunch I hatemaking my own lunch .
Sorry little George I didn 't know I 'msorry, Georgie, I didn 'tknow. Now you know Yeah, well, nowyoudo. What 's your lunch Whatdidyouget?
Mom 's Heart-Shaped Turkey Sandwich A turkeysandwich M omcutintheshapeofahea rt , Fruit Cup Brownies afruitcup , abrownie ,
There 's also a note from my grandma saying how much she loves me and note from Meemawsayinghowmuchshe lovesme .
I haven 't watched it yet but I guess it must be super love I haven  ' treadityet , but I betit  ' salot . I don 't even have a can opener I don  ' tevenhaveacanopener .
Pony I love you so much Oh , Sugar A pple , I loveyousomuch .
Your affection for inanimate objects scares me Youraffectionforinanim ateobjectsfrightensme .
If you 're happy Mishy I  ' mgladyou  ' rehappy , Missy .
I 'm happier that I got the toy and Sheldon fart didn 't I 'mevenhappierthat I gotatoy, and S heldongotnothin '.
We haven 't finished shopping yet. Well , now , we  ' renotexactlydoneshopping .
Sheldon, do you still want that computer?
Can 't we afford it I thought wecouldn ' taffordit . Then you don 't have to worry D on  ' tyouworryaboutthat .
Do you really want Doyouwantitornot ?
Can 't think of Morethananything.
ok then let 's go buy Allright , then , let  ' sgogetit .
Wait he can get the computer and I only have the broken toys Wait .
H e   g e t s   a   c o m p u t e r   a n d   I   g e t   a   l o u s y   t o y ?
Don 't you like it? I thoughtyoulikedit .
I don 't like No otanymore anymore.

W here  ' sthewatercomeoutof ?
That 's the dryer there won 't be any water coming out Well, seeing as that  ' sthedryer , nowhere .

So this is the washing machine Sothisone  ' sthewasher ?
Don 't lie to you N ofoolin  ' you .
What are you doing Whatareyoudoing ?
Separate the whites from the other colors Separatingthewhitesfromthecolors.
W hoa , that  ' sracist .
How could I have a son who is a rocket scientist Howdid I getarocketscientistfo roneson
The other one is the idiot clown andarodeoclonfortheo ther ? I hope to be the clown of the fair Oh , man .
I ' d   g i v e   a n y t h i n g   t o   b e   a   r o d e o   c l o w n .
They bring joy T heymakepeoplehappy ,
You can also watch rodeo for free and theyseetherodeofor free .
I finally got Thehomecomputer I hadlongcoveted
The dream home computer was finally in mypossess ion , but it is also destroying my home butitwasalsodestroyin gmyhome .
Fortunately, the computer comes with a program T hankfully , itcamepre - loaded
Can help with personal problems withaprogramtohelpsol vepersonalproblems . Hi I 'm Eliza Hello , I am E liza . My parents M y . . .
are . . . fighting . . .
Often noisy alot . I got it can you tell me in detail I see . Can anyouelaborateonthat ?
my mother M ymother . . .
bought me bought . . . me . . .
this this . . .
computer . . .
But but . . .
my dad says we mydad . . . says . . . wecan  ' t . . .
Can 't afford affordit .
Do you have an issue with your mom D oyou have issues with you rmother ? No M mm . . . No o .
She made me S he . . . makesme . . .
Spaghetti spaghetti . . . with hotdogs in it . . .
Hot Dogs cutupinit. Can you elaborate Can youelaborateonthat?
What the hell are you A reyou . . .
will you help me goingtohelpmeornot ?

Hello I am Eliza Hello , I am E liza .
The future may be overrated. Thefuturemightbeoverrated.
Well, the water must be connected to O kay , water  ' sdefinitelyon .
Now try T ryitnow . Are we going to wash gently or regularly We ewantdelicateorregula r ?
It doesn 't matter, just press start. I tdoesn  ' tmatter , justturniton .
It is safer to choose a gentle wash L et  ' sgowithdelicatetobesa fe .

No response No othin  ' .
Damn Damnit. Wait I know what to do Wait, I knowwhattodo.
how to do what ?
Apologize to mom across the street Go oacrossthestreetandap ologizeto M om .
I have nothing to apologize for. I gotnothin ' toapologizefor.
You don 't have to sincerely apologize I was never Youdon  ' thavetomeanit .
I   n e v e r   d o .
Little George, don 't meddle in your business. Georgie, justmindyourbusiness.
Okay sorry O kay , sorry .
Just in case you want to know Incaseyouwerewondering, I didn 't mean that.
See how easy this is Seehoweasyitis ?
These home computers are amazing Thesehomecomputersare mazing .
With it I could start a real bookkeeping business. I could startarealbookkeepingbusinesswiththat thing.
That would go a long way in getting you the financial independence you want and that would go a long way to giving you the financialindepende nceyou  ' relookingfor .
Isn 't it Darntootin  ' .
Tell you Justforyourinformation,
Sheldon is now using the computer S heldonisusingthecompu terrightnow
try to fix your marriage totryandfixyourmaria ge .
Really? Really?
What does the computer say about Whatdiditsay ?
It says I tsaid . . .
' Get out of your mother  's house ' ' Getoutofyourmother  ' shouse . '
- Mom - I 'm serious - M om .
-   I ' m   s e r i o u s .
I want to smoke I 'm fed up with hiding in the back of the garage I wantacigarette , and I  ' mtiredofhidingbehindt hegarage . Do you think I should apologize to George Youthink I shouldapologizeto George ? Of course not that would set a bad precedentW ell , ofcoursenot .
T h a t   w o u l d   s e t   a   t e r r i b l e   p r e c e d e n t .
I think you should go home
While pretending to be indifferent and distant, andbeallcoldanddistan t,
Then he has to apologize to you sohehastoapologizetoy ou .
It 's not a bad idea. Oh, that  ' snotbad. Do it. Doit.
I will. I will.
Why are you still drinking tea W hyyoudrinkingtea ?
Get the hell out of here.




Hello Oh , hello .
Are you coming back or . . . Wereyoucomingback , or . . . ?
Just get a change of clothes for the kids Just to get someclothes for rthekids.

Are you here to talk to me Wereyoucomingtotalktom e ?
Well this is Well . . . yeah .
我   I ,   u m . . .
wanted to apologise . . wantedtoapologize .
Really? Really?


Want to go for a walkW anttogoforawalk ?
Let 's talk about T alkalittle ?
OK Sure .

Hey, kids, comehere. Look at Lookatthat.

It looks like your parents are reconciling I tlookslikeyourmomandd adaregonnabeallright .
Does this mean we 're going home?Doesthismeanwe  ' regoinghome ?
It looks like I tappearsso.
I haven 't had a chance to wear earmuffs yet I didn  ' tevengettowearmyearmu ffsyet . This program can help us keep track of our family 's income and expenses. A ndthisprogramwillallo wustotrackourfamilyfi nances ,


Create budgets and prepare tax documents createabudget , and preparetaxdocuments .
Really cool T hat  ' simpressive .
Do you want to know how much you spend on beer every year W ouldyouliketoknowhowm uchmoney youspendonbeerannuall y ?
- don 't want to - I want to - No o . ? - I would . ?
$936 $936 .
George George . If you switch to Hawaiian Punch I fyouswitched to Hawaiian Punch , we can switch to a bigger house wecouldliveinabiggerh ouse .
hello my name is Eliza Hello , I am E liza . Eliza E liza . . .
Are you A re . . . you . . .
very sexy hot ?
Am I sexy in your fantasies I nyourfantasies , am I hot ?
yes Oh . . . yes .
You know you 're not talking to a real person Youealizeyou  ' renottalkingtoarealpe rson
Get me out I 'm almost there Hey, getoutofhere.
I ' m   a b o u t   t o   s c o r e .
Missy shut down the computer Missy!
Turnoffthecomputer. Time to go to bed Timetogotobed.
I gotta do my homework I gottofinishmyhomework! Big money big money Big money, bigmoney. Awesome Yes!

Hello Hello ? Hello Hello ?




- what 's the matter - what 's all right - What ? - What ? Nothing .
Buttons have to be pulled. This design is an idiot. Button, youpull.
T h a t ' s   s t u p i d .
