Wow S heldon can 't believe you invented a game
Oh 'Research Lab' is not just a game
As its tagline says: 'Physics is theoretical but the fun is real'
Then we must be playing it wrong
good 5 points
one two three four five
oh look
My Department of Defense research fund received a grant
Great dice! Now you can tear down the Soviet cyclotron and build a Large Hadron Collider

Great
You 're really talented at this. P enny, as the first experimental players, the two of you this Sunday.
Great odds against Wolowitz and Koothrappali
Oh S heldon I think we might not be able to play this Sunday
why ?
P enny will tell you why
Penny?
Actually, I 'm going to the airport to pick up my friend Justin
That 's it. She 's going to the airport to pick up her friend Justin.
I 'm going too, so I can 't play too, right?
It 's okay for you, I mean it might be crowded
He 's got a lot of luggage. Guitars and amps.
Wait what do you say?
my friend Justin
Focus on Leonard she can 't play this Sunday because of him
- Who is this Justin? - It 's your turn, Leonard
- I told you - no
Roll the dice Leonard
I said, my friend in Omaha, the guitarist, anyway, he 's coming to LA to find some recording work.
So I told him I could sleep on my couch for a few weeks
Come on Leonard if you roll a six then Penny will die from a nuclear crash
You know what I mean by 'the fun is real'
Some guy is going to sleep on your sofa later?
He 's not 'some man', he 's my friend
By 'friends' do you mean 'regular friends', 'gay friends' or 'ex-boyfriends'
'It 's just pure friendship now, but still a friend who has some feelings for you' ?
He must be a pure man, a pure man musician, sleeping on my girlfriend 's couch

Great
Well we did get together a long time ago
but we never dated
Well, I don 't want to talk about it, but I remember that 'have been' is actually the past tense of 'date' and it 's a euphemism used to describe 'frankly meet', right?
I 've done it for you
Do you mind Justin staying at my place?
Where did you see it?
industrial accident
you know? don 't take me for an idiot
I didn 't take you for an idiot!
I mean this whole thing is stupid!
'You accidentally glanced at the argon helium knife to pause a round and lose a retina'
What do you mean by 'don 't call me an idiot'?
That 's my friend my sofa is my own life!
it 's your turn
Well this is your life
If you want some idiot guitarist to sleep on your couch I 'm fine! Why don 't you rent some bunk beds and bring in the Black Eyed Peas too?
hey even if i wanted to invite the whole festival to sleep in my apartment i would do it
It 's none of your business !
Do you know what you 're talking about? Do you know how childish it sounds?
I 'm a kid again? At least I 'm not an idiot anymore!
These two words mean the same thing!
Oh you really... . .
What is he doing?
He wants to muffle our voices He doesn 't like arguing
S heldon, please stop! Let 's stop arguing!
Oh by the way you never heard of black eyed peas before you met me!
I 've heard
Just didn 't know they were a band
S heldon she 's gone you can turn off the blender
Has your relationship reached an irreversible end?
No, we just have a little disagreement
On the bright side, thanks to Penny 's retirement, you 're the first ever 'Research Lab' champion

Want a cup of shaved ice as a souvenir?



Season 3 Episode 7
I just don 't understand how she said the words to let her ex-boyfriend sleep on her sofa
I thought of a game I could play in the car
I 'm not in the mood to play the game S heldon
The game is called 'Scientist'
I 'll name three scientists first and then you sort them by the size of their contribution to their field
In order to add interest to the game only consider the person 's contribution to the field without considering the validity of the field
For example A bu M usa J abir I bn Hayyan in alchemy
than Halbert V anderplatt 's contribution to neurobiology
Are you ready to have fun?
A pure man ex-boyfriend
This is the 'pure man' that boys like to hear
Well I 'll start with a simple Newton Curie and Niels Bohr
I just said a few words and I turned out to be a bad guy!
Hint: Marie Curie had her husband to help
So what should I say? 'It 's okay P enny I don 't mind your ex-boyfriend sleeping in your house'
'Leonard, it doesn 't matter if you mind'
'Because I 'm Penny I 'm cute I can do whatever I want'
'Oh I get it! You feel like you 're doing me a favor by hanging out with me'
' no no Leonard ! I 'm in the same room with you and you should be giggling '
Leonard Parking
what 's wrong?
I can 't stand you two arguing anymore
Hurry up, be late
calm down we can catch up
I believe my vigilance is well-timed based on the current situation
The movie starts in 17 minutes, which means we need to catch all the green lights on Colorado Avenue
We can 't buy food yet and we can 't pee before watching Dude why didn 't you tell me when I was drinking that bottle of Red Bull?

Rush, Rush, Dinosaur Rush!


We . . are going to the movies
Not that we 're standing in the hallway tormented by an awkward encounter

They 're streaming a new digital version of 'Time Thieves' later
Would you like to come and see it together?
Nope
have a nice night
give us some time
Oh, let 's talk, we 're not in a hurry
Shall we talk about what happened last night?
- Are you going to apologize? - No
Wrong answer but thanks for your participation
oh please this is stupid
Oh again! You think I 'm stupid!
No, there is a difference between being stupid and being stupid!
Oh yeah? There 's a difference between being a jerk and being a bitch
No difference! They are synonyms!
that 's really bad
Well I guess I don 't need to pee before watching
Leonard I told you not to talk to that woman when she moved in three years ago
Retribution is coming, we 're going to be late for the movie


Behold! The Amazing Spider-Man 1 8 3 volumes
have
Remember this one?
Spiderman lost a fight and his girlfriend broke up with him
Want me to buy a copy for you? It can help you forget something

Hey comrades, why are you here now?
We need to kill hours waiting for the next 'Time Thieves'
oh no problem i wanted to close early and go home but if you think about it it 's just a smaller lonely room full of comic books
Thanks S tuart
i ask you something
Do you think Penny let his ex-boyfriend sleep on her sofa?
- Apparently she 's going too far - thank you!
But if she dumps you and you 'll have a new boyfriend tomorrow morning you 'll have to make a girlfriend yourself
So there 's only one question, how long will it take you to bow your head?
I won 't bow my head
Excuse me, I don 't think P enny is too much.
She 's not your thing
My favorite Beyonce said, 'If you like her, you should give her a ring'


Come on, take ten thousand steps back and say she should give in when she sees that Leonard is unhappy
Are you saying it 's like someone is unhappy because his friend promised to go to a cooking class together but then fasted with his mother and didn 't make it?
I don 't know if you 're not happy
Yeah! Didn 't you notice the little hints like I said 'Howard I 'm so unhappy'
ok then sorry
Maybe it doesn 't mean that in this country, but in India it means you 're upset with a guy named Howard!
I said sorry
Sorry can 't make up for the fact that I had to cook chicken rice with the vegan man
Do you know what vegetarian chicken rice is?
It 's rice! Do you think I 'm happy? Sitting all night listening to my mom
'Have you ever urinated so much in your life?' (can only drink water and not eat)
God, you 're such a good mother 's baby
Hey don 't drag my mom in!
You dragged your mother in!
Enough for the two of you! I might as well go back to my parents after arguing!

'Damn George I told you I 'd leave you if you didn 't quit drinking!'
'Then you 're a big liar, I 'm so drunk, why didn 't I see you go!'
'Stop yelling! You 're crying S heldon!'
'I told you why S heldon cried! Because you named him S heldon!'
Khan, how could he be so unhappy?
Oh yeah you can tell S heldon is not happy
oh thank you for coming next time
By the way, give me the other half of the tip
Hey S heldon what are you doing here?
This is a restaurant and it 's lunch time
I think you as a waiter should be very clear
Is Leonard coming? No I think Leonard is waiting for you to climb back and beg him to forgive you
Then he was wrong
I guess that 's your attitude so the real reason I 'm here
What? I want you to crawl back and ask him to forgive you

I am very busy
I 'm sorry ma 'am, I still have to order.

Well what are you going to eat?
a few questions
First I found out that you have soup and half a sandwich here ?
Yes
Where did this half sandwich come from?
Is it going to give me half of the rest? Or do I have to wait and see if anyone orders the other half?
No, S heldon is the chef, so I make half
how to make half a sandwich
It 's a small sandwich if not half of the whole sandwich
Ok soup and a little sandwich
Do you want these?
Of course not, I want to be the same as before
very good
You don 't even ask me if I want a drink?
- Don 't you usually have a glass of lemon juice? - Yes
- Would you like a lemonade then? - Okay.
- Any more? - I want you to apologize to Leonard
I won 't apologize, I didn 't do anything wrong
He overreacted himself
Irrelevant topic Your relationship troubles are affecting my life
I 'm sorry Sheldon, it 's none of your business
I don 't understand, okay, I 'll go right over
Listen to S heldon I have to work
Okay, let 's just assume it 's Leonard this time, right?
It 's Leonard 's fault, but considering that you 've done something wrong in the past, he doesn 't care. Can 't you do it this time?

just come
Bye bye S heldon
What do I do wrong?
Do you have a feeling that Leonard never said anything about you?
what? !
yes yes i see you have to check out
I know if you can sit down for a while
what did leonard say ?
Your driving skills and when you love a bunch of stuffed animals on your bed staring at him
You are often late and you sing badly
I sing badly?
I actually added it, but if Leonard doesn 't agree, then he 's a big idiot.
Well if Leonard had so much opinion on me why didn 't he just tell me?
Because he thinks you are too sensitive and have a bad temper
Oh yeah? Do me a favor please tell Leonard he can die!
She also wondered why she tipped so little

oh great you 're back
- I want you to do me a favor - okay
Go and apologize to Penny
- what?! - right now
L e o n a r d !
But it was better a few minutes ago
I heard you had a problem with my stuffed animal driving skills and punctuality issues
What did you say? Who told you?
What are you telling her about this?
It doesn 't matter why he told me
It 's all true, right?
Yes it is but I can live with it
What I can 't stand is that you 're pretty indifferent to informing me that a certain man is moving into your apartment and you didn 't even ask me!
This is not a problem! The crux of the problem is that you don 't trust me!
Oh Sheldon, did you say you heard me say I don 't trust Penny?
S heldon ? where did he go ?

You must have freaked him out again by yelling.
Where are you going? You 're leaving halfway through the quarrel?
I 'm not going to find your fucking roommate so he doesn 't jaywalk or get hurt or something!
Then why don 't you say it? I have to ask you to agree to this now?
P enny I don 't have mind reading skills!
Is it? Why not? You are so smart and I am so stupid!

R a j   R a j   R a j
Stop knocking! The door is open!
Please tell my parents that our dark matter research is at a critical juncture I can 't attend my cousin Sanjay 's wedding

S heldon asked my son how we should explain to the C heldry couple that their daughter Lakshm flew in from London just to meet him
I didn 't ask you to match me with L akshmi
You should thank us!
It 's that Lakshmi just had stomach reduction surgery.
You can have a good relationship with her before she loses weight and looks taller
I don 't care! Why do you think I can 't find women myself?
Because you 2 7 , the closest thing to a daughter-in-law 's role is that Jewish boy Howard
oh this is outrageous
S heldon told them me and Howard were just friends
S h e l d o n ?
Howard and I are just friends!

Okay, I 'm going back to Sanjay 's wedding
S h e l d o n ? !
what? he 's not a lost dog
Just sit and step on your fake brakes and let me find S heldon
Braking is imaginary, but the stop sign you just ran over isn 't
What stop sign?
Watch the road, watch the road!


Howard opens the door!
I am very busy !
I am busy too !
you go
I can 't go! I 'm in the toilet!
Boss, who wants you to say what are you doing!
Just say 'I 'm busy', okay?
I said I was busy but you didn 't open the door!
You know how I wish it was a shot from the robbery that killed me!
If it 's a burglary, don 't tell them I 'm in the toilet!

There 's no one
You hallucinated about your old mad woman!
Hey S tuart did you see S heldon?
he 's in the graphic novel section
Build yourself a small castle
thanks
Penny?
Um ?
is everything ok ?
What 's wrong? Sheldon said you had a fight with Leonard?
yeah no big deal
oh well
I love you
I won 't leave if you don 't talk to me
Okay what 's the matter?
It 's a long story, he 's pretending that he exists in a different dimension parallel to ours
But he can 't feel us
I 'm bragging, I just don 't want to talk to you
Okay S heldon go home
we won 't fight anymore
heard this
But then I 'm hiding in the room playing Richard Feynman (a physicist) aloud while my mom is calling the Jesuits to forgive her for putting the frosted glass in my dad 's meatloaf
And my dad shoots the Franklin Foundry Collector 's Edition from the roof
No more quarrels and flying saucers
real ?
Where does your friend Justin sleep?
Yeah, where does he sleep?
God, forget it, okay?
let it go
Why don 't I mention it?
You can 't let that person find another place to live?
Oh my god
you have childhood shadows
each of us has
Sometimes you need to grow up and forget about it
Fire! Fire!
Leonard, will you let me handle it?
Again! Fire! Fire!
let it . . .

S heldon please try to understand
leonard and i were talking about friends from time to time we would fight
But no matter what happens between us we will always love you
Right Leonard ?
forever is a long time
Of course forever
Why don 't we buy you this robot and go home together?
i want that
Well, if you ask him, he 'll just play twice and throw it in his closet like any other rubbish.
buy him that robot leonard
Can I buy this comic book?
Of course you can

meet again
What did Justin say after you told him not to come to sleep on the couch?
He 's a musician, he can throw up on his own and sleep on a mattress if needed
I should have asked for more besides comic books and robots
Season 3 Episode 7 Ended
