I didn 't expect that I would receive psychotherapy I can  ' tbelieve I  ' mtalkingtoatherapist .
I usually don 't like to show my feelings Well , usually , I  ' mnotthetouchy - feely , it belongs to the kind of talk - about - your - emotionstype , but the current situation is serious I want to mature butwiththis , I justhadtobeabigenough person
Have the courage to admit that I need help.
Ha, that 's what it feels like to be mature. Huh.
I   g u e s s   t h i s   i s   w h a t   g r o w i n g   u p   f e e l s   l i k e .
This is court-mandated psychotherapy T hisiscourt - mandatedtherapy.
You attacked a woman remember not Youassaultedawoman.
That 's shit. T hatsillything.
Okay let 's talk I guesswecantalkaboutth at .
The bane was planted a few months ago I tallbeganafewmonthsag o .
The protagonist of the story is called Barney My ex-boyfriend T here  ' sthisguy , Barney .
W e   u s e d   t o   d a t e .
After the breakup I got him and my female colleague Nora together I sethimupwiththisgirl I workwith , Nora .
B arney was working hard to prove that he is the best boyfriend toprovehewasrealboyfr iendmaterial .
So I sat there all week watching S o , allweek , I hadtosittherewatching him . . . he sent flowers . . .
send chocolates . . .
Send balloons balloons .
Finally one day Thenoneday . . .

I heard Barney didn 't give you anything today I heard Barneydidn  ' tsendanythingtoday .
Patrices said maybe he has a new love Patricesaidmaybehemets omebodyelse .
S he  ' ssuchabitch , right ? When a man loves a woman * * W henamanlovesawoman his heart will be completely taken over by her * * C an  ' tkeephismindonnothin  ' else
A peerless good boyfriend, He  ' ssodreamy .
Patrice you shut me up Nobodyaskedyou, Patrice! Sorry I 'msorry.
You must think I 'm helpless, don 't you? Youmustalreadythinktha t I  ' mahorribleperson .
Robin, many of my patients are distorted criminals Robin, manyofmypatientsaredi sturbedfelons.
Last week someone also sent me a bag of his own rice field last week, oneofthemmailedmeabag ofhisfeces.
But on the bright side he at least remembers my birthday Ontheplusside , herememberedmybirthday .
You 've done the math. You  ' redoingfine .
Finally I can 't take it anymore Well , finally , I - I just couldn 't takeitanymore .
So the line of sanity broke I snapped. When a man is a man when this man * * W henaman , whenaman , whenthisman fell in love with this woman * *Lovesthiswoman

And then you rage against it And that  ' swhentheassaultoccurred ?
Not so much No otexactly .
YY e T s Renren Film and Television Subtitle Group produces more original subtitle translations, please visit www . YY e T s . com ■ Timeline: godwuwen Late stage: Gufan Subtitle Director: YY
■
Translation: Xiao Hei Du drunk YY Late stage: Gu Fan Subtitle Director: YY
■
Proofreading: YY Late stage: Gufan Subtitles Director: YY
■
How I Met Your Mother Season 7 Episode 4
So you hid at the bottom of the table and drowned your sorrows with wine. S o , you  ' redrunkunderadesk , while binge eating stolen chocolate binge - eatingstolenchocolate s .
Oh my god, my image is gone, right? Boy, I amnotcomingacrossgrea there, am I?
Now we do not discuss your image T hisisnotabouthowyou 'recomingacross.
But it is true Butno .
To rationalize the whole thing O kay, well, for thisstorytomakesense,
I have to insert my friends Matthew and Lily 's story I havetotellyouaboutmyf riends Marshalland L ily .
This wine looks good T hewine looksgood .
Pregnant women are not allowed to drink P regnantwomencan  ' tdrinkalcohol .
No , my doctor said No , mydoctorsaysit  ' sokay it 's okay to have a sip or two now and then .
Is it Really ?
Dr. Sonya is great Dr. Sonya  ' sgreat .
Everytime you ask her if she can have something she always says When heneveryouaskherifyou canhavesomething , she  ' s , like . . .
Just a little bit. Just a little bit. Wait a minute, Dr. Sonya probably won 't allow you to eat sushi. Wait, Dr.
S o n y a   d o e s n ' t   l e t   y o u   h a v e   s u s h i ,   d o e s   s h e ?
Just a little bit, dear, Justalittlebit.
She also made you eat corn sticks You  ' reallowed to have Cheetos ?
Puffed food ah Cheeto . .
Just a little bit. A h, justalittlebit.
Would you mind if I double-check what the doctor said? Youmindif I double - checksomeofthisstuff ? Just in case Justincase .
I mean as a member of the 'Guardian Team' I mean, it  ' stheleast I coulddo this can be considered aspartof Team Baby .
'The Guardian Team' Wow, what 's next for 'Team Baby'?
W h o a .   W h a t ' s   n e x t ,
Does anyone have a specially made inferior T-shirt like , cheesematching T - shirts ?
Not N o . Robin serial killer can take me to the shallow tomb a few times Robin , I  ' vehadserialkillerslea dmetoshallowgraves
You haven 't entered the topic yet fasterthanyou  ' retellingthisstory .
Okay Okay!
I 'm getting more and more unbearable to work with Nora Look, itwasgettingimpossibl eformetobearound Nora, so when a good opportunity to get rid of her comes up Sowhenanopportunitytog etridofherpresentedit self . . .
Sandy has something to say about Time It 's Sandytime!
Come and listen to Huddleup, gang.
Two things first Two things :
S omebodystole someone stole a super expensive bottle of wine from my office averyexpensivebottleo fwinefrommyoffice . . .
Second I need a producer to go to France to cover the news of the G8 summit 2 : I needaproducertocovert he G 8 S ummitin France .
Nora can go to No orawilldoit!
Although I am older, I mean , I know I haveseniority , but . . .
I mean also let Nora go to I wasgonnaask No oraanyway.
Thank you so much for supporting me RobinT hanksforthesupport , Robin .
This opportunity is fantastic T hisishugeforme .
Are you sure Sandy A re , areyousureaboutthis , S andy ?
I am qualified and experienced. I dohaveseniority.
Of course okonora is awesome Oh, I 'msure.
N o r a ' s   a m a z i n g .
I still want to have sex with her I want to havesexwithher .
First Barney left you To odealwiththatrejectio nfrom Barney , now even your boss doesn 't want you nottomentionyourboss . . . you must be very depressed must  ' vereallyhurt .
Let 's analyze your emotions in depth Why hydon  ' twedigintothoseemoti ns ?
So Matthew and Lily were in Dr. Sonya 's office S o Marshalland L ilywereat D r .
S o n y a ' s   o f f i c e . . .
It 's amazing I t  ' sfascinating it turns out that my knowledge of vaginas is so superficial howprofoundly little I know about vaginas .
Come in Comein.
Ted what are you doing here T ed , whatareyoudoinghere ?!
What this 'Doctor' allows I checkeduponallthestuff I have checked that she is wrong this ' Doctor ' S aysisokay , andshe  ' swrong .
So for the healthy growth of the baby, brother is going to go out S o , for the health of this baby , I  'msteppingin .
This guy named Ted seems to need some psychotherapy. Sounds like this T edguycouldbenefit from some therapy .
He absolutely needs Oh, hedefinitely could.
Such a quack is unacceptable T hisisunacceptable.
Sorry we need to change doctors I  ' msorry , we  ' regonnahavetofindanew doctor .
- Guys for the health of our kids - what 's your business - Guys , forthehealthofourbaby , -O ur ?
We have to keep an eye on everything Lily eats Wehavetogetseriousabou twhat L ilyisputtinginherbody .
By the way S peaking of which , when wedeliver , we are determined not to use anaesthetic wewon  ' tbeusinganydrugs when giving birth to a child .
Get out! Get out!
Why are you kicking me out Why hyareyoukickingmeout ?!
Because you always disturb our intimate momentsBecauseyou  ' realwaysintrudingonou rintimatemoments !
It feels like the nightmare of college days is re-enacted T hisislikecollegeallov eragain!
You two made a mess in the bedroom Man , youguyssurearemessy !
The ground is full of clothes T here  ' sclotheseverywhere .
There 's also a sock on the door handle T here ' sevenasockonthedoor!
A sockonthedoorisaunive rsalcode means 'Do Not Disturb' for 'W eneedsomespace.'
You shouldn 't have bothered then as well as now We eneededitbackthen , andweneeditnow .
Please, we are the Iron Triangle Comeon!
W e ' r e   a   t r i o !
We 've always been an iron triangle We 'vealwaysbeenatrio!
We are Batman and Robin and the butler We 'rerightuptherewithBatmanandRobinandAlfred.
out Out !
We are Romeo and Juliet and the pharmacist R omeo and Juliet and the A pothecary .
Hurry up Now !
We are Salt and Pepper and Cumin Salt and Pepper and Cumin !
What is that little thing on top of What  ' sthatlittleguyupthere do ?
Poor girl Oh , youpoorgirl .
Robin Robin !
It 's all interlocking I promise I talltiestogether , I swear .
Nora is about to leave for France So , No orawas about to leave for France .
If this was not so long ago Youknow , nottoolongago ,
I 'm still worried that when I 'm gone I would havebeenworriedt hatif I leftyoualone, you 'll run off to have a good time with some blonde slut you 'dbeuptonogoodwithsome blondbimbo.But I 've changed my mind Oh, I 'vechanged.
I know so when I come back I know, whichiswhywhen I getback,
We will start a new chapter of affection it  ' sgonnabethestartofane wchapterforus .
Our relationship will be a step closer hope this tie will not follow A chapterofmeandyouandh opefullynotthattie.
Right in the middle of your arms, Yougotme!
Have a great trip Haveanicetrip!
dr stinson i saw your ad d r .
S t i n s o n ?
I sawyourad , I came here for free breast reduction consultation and I  ' mhereformyfreebreast - reductionconsultation .
What do you think Whatdoyouthink ?
Is it too big? A retheytoobig?
I can 't believe you 're still fishing for big-breasted blondes I can  ' tbelieveyou  ' restillrunningplayson dumbblondes !
I thought you were serious about Nora I thoughtyouwereserious about Nora !
I swear I 'm really good No o , I  ' vebeengood , I swear !
I just forgot there was a system that didn 't turn off I justforgotaboutmy BDS es .
- What system - 'Dummy Delivery' system - BDS es ? - B imbo D elivery S ystems .
Over the years Yosee , overtheyears , I have tailored multiple sets of perfect strategies for myself I  ' velaunchedavarietyofe laboratesystems successfully tricked women into bed one by one thatarealwaysworkingt ogetmelaid .
For example that pop-up ad Likemypop - upads .

Hello I 'm Dr. Barney Stinson Oh , hi . I  'm D r . Barney S tinson .
Are you affecting your daily life because of your breasts A reyourreallylargebrea sts making every day tasks di fficult ?
Somebody save us T here  ' sjustgottobeabetterwa y !
Here comes the savior T hereis!
I , Dr. Barney Stinson , will provide you with I , D r. Barney S tinson , forlimitedtimeonly , free breast reduction counseling service cangiveyouafreebreast - reductionconsultation for a limited time.
Pick up the phone now Callme .
If your waves are too rough I fyourknockersarejustt oodamnbig ,
Just let me take you out of the sea of ​​misery I can handlethem . . . it .
How could any woman believe this kind of thingW omenactuallyfellforth at ?
Yeah this business was an instant hit. Y eah . T hatbusinessreallytook off .
Advertisements are still being played everywhere. I tplayedinallkindsofma rkets .
O kay , survivors , today  ' srewardchallenge isbroughttoyouby Dr. Barney S tinson  's
Free Breast Reduction Consultation Free B reast R eduction C onsultations .
My plan was so successful that T hatscamwassosuccessful , so it spawned another industry itsspawnedarelatedente rprise .
If you 've ever been cheated by a man with a big butt, I fyou  ' vebeenfooledbyawell - endowedman who claimed to be a doctor who claimed to beadoctor cheated by offering free breast - reduction consultations ,
come see me Arnie Linson attorney comeseeme , Arnie Linson , attorney - at - law ,
Join my class action and join myclass-actionsuit.
If you have been wronged because of the towering Yufeng I fyourgiant breastshave been wronged ,
Just let me remove the evil for the people I can handlethem . . . it .
They never fly out of my palm I got  ' emcomin  ' andgoin  ' !

I can  ' tbelieveyougotosomuch troubletogetlaid .
It 's that sometimes I don 't even bother to take a shower Yeah, sometimes I don  ' tevenhavetoshower .
My sister likes the heavy taste M amalovesitmusky .
I gotta shut down all these systems before Nora comes back. I gottashutdownall these systems before No oragetsback.
How can I do it in three days?
I will help you I 'll help you.
Maybe you should write Maybeyoushouldwriteony ourlittlechartthere on your little board:
'Patientselflesslytried to helpafriendinneed.'
First of all this is the anagram F irstofall , thisisacrosswordpuzzl e .
Secondly obviously you plan S econdly, you were clearly plannin gonusing to use these three days to get Barney back thosethreedaystosteal Barneyback.
I am his friend you are shameless I amhisfriend !
H o w   d a r e   y o u !
God, do you really think that learning to be rich will give you insight into people 's hearts? God, youthinkyou  ' resosmartjustbecause Has it been great to go to Harvard?youwentto Harvard, what about Princeton andthen P rinceton
Why is it Harvard again ok it 's pretty awesome andthen . . . wow , Harvard again . ok yeah O kay , yes , fine .
I was thinking of taking him back I was . . .
I   w a s   t r y i n g   t o   s t e a l   h i m   b a c k .
It 's good that you finally opened your heart T hisisgood .
You  'refinallyopeningup talk about your own problems and talk about yourse lf , not just what Marshalland L ilywereupto .
Oh Matthew and Lily are folding clothes Oh , yeah , so Marshallland Li ilywerefoldinglaundry . . .
I 'm such a jerk Totone  ' smyfault .
Did you know Youknow . . .
Nothing Nevermind.
Just It  'sjust . . .
Forget Forgetit.
Matthew, you 're not a three-year-old, Marshall, you  ' reagrown - assman .
Say what you want to say I fyouwanttosaysomething , justsayit .
I feel bad for T ed !
And if my mom was here A ndifmymomwerehere , she would ask me what 's wrong first shewouldaskmewhatwasw rong .
You actually feel sorry for Ted Youfeelbad for T ed ?!
The feeling of being a lightbulb must have given him a hard time I t  ' stough feeling like thet hirdwheel .
Enough first I 'm sure Ted is fine O kay , firstofall , I  'msure T ed  ' sfine .
Who would finish W hoeatssaltandpepperwi thoutcumin with no more cumin after salt and pepper?
Second Ted is outrageous to accuse Doctor Sonya of S econd , Tediswayoffbasecominga fterDr.
Sonya . We like her a lot, don 't we We loveher !
R i g h t ?
Don 't tell me you doubt Dr Sonja 's words too D on  ' ttellmeyou  ' redoubting D r .
S onya ! Just a little bit, just a little bit. Justalittlebit.
What 's thatthing?
For some women it 's my parents ' ashesW ell , for somewomen , itwastheashesofmyparents .
For some it 's Wimbledon 's trophy Forothers, itwasthetrophyfrom Wimbledon.
Believe it or not, both are A ndbelieveitornot , foronebustydullard , itwasboth to a busty asshole.
Game double wave perfect match Game , enormousset , match .
Hello Hello ?
Thanks for calling back O h , yeah , thanksforcallingmeback .
Barney Uh, Barney, is Mickey It 's Mitch from the Port Authority.
Port Authority Mitch Port A uthority M itch .
You 'll call me withbigdreamsof B roadway
Poor kid has no idea that the so called 'Casting Director' will be in the audition andnoideawhata 'C astingdirector' couldlegallyaskhertod o,
Legally asking her to hug and lick holdorlickduringanaudition . Sorry old friend I  ' msorry , oldfriend , unscrupulous director no longer need you yourservicesarenolong erneeded .
Oh my god I ended up using the phone for something so important
Say hello to Maggie and the kids for me M yloveto M argeandthekids!
I understand you to I know .
Here . - I didn 't realize it would be so painful- I know I know- I didn  ' trealizethiswouldbeso hard !
-   I   k n o w ,   I   k n o w .
But the ones on the list are almost done. Buthey , youknowwhat ?
W e ' r e   a l m o s t   t h r o u g h   o u r   c h e c k l i s t .
- Don 't be sad, okay- Ok- O kay ?
OK ?
- O kay . Just reminded me of W hichremindsme , why should I call the hair salon and say whyam I callingahairsalonands aying ,
'J ack F antasticisquitting ' ?
Sweetheart S weetheart , like Maya Angelo always said to Oprah
I also keep saying to you and I keeptellingyou : the more you know, the better you can do it W henyouknowbetter , youdobetter .
Wow, you are so smart. Wow, youaresowise.
I wish you were straight and we could date. I wishyouwerestraightso I coulddateyou .
Actually I have a very charming A samatteroffact , I haveanextremelyattractive straight twin brother straighttwinbrother !
Hello Ohhi .
I cropped the Halloween photo I croppedthat Halloweenphoto.
All that 's left is salt and pepper. I t  ' sjustsaltandpepper , now , soitlooksridiculous .
- Ted , I want you back on Team Baby - what - T ed , I wantyoubackon Team Baby .
- What? I knew you 'd change your mind I knew you ' dcomearound!
Guys I actually didn 't cut out the pics Guys!
I   d i d n ' t   r e a l l y   c r o p   t h e   p h o t o !
Good news Goodnews.
I signed up for our birthing class I signedusupforabirthin gclass .
You are crazy you Well , that  ' sinsane .
It 's too early isn 't it Matthew I t  ' swaytooearly for that , right , Marshall ?
Okay listen I 'm a kid his dad O kay , listen .
I amthefatherofthischil d , I am in favor of going to childbirth class and I votethatwegotothebirt hingclass .
Don 't even think about it A bsolutelynot .
Well Lily ' Kay , Lily .
I hatetoplaythiscard . . . if you don 't go to class butifyoudon ' tcometothisclass . . .
I 'm on the bed strike I 'mwithholdingsex.
I don 't think she 's coming. I don  ' tthinkshe  ' coming .
Yeah Yeah.
I was a little skeptical when she proposed to take the taxi separately. I wasalittlesuspiciousw henshehadustakesepara tecabs .
Lily don 't eat Lily , don  ' tdoit !
Just a little bit, dear, Justalittlebit.
Think about our baby Thinkaboutourbaby!
Are you kidding me, Robin, tell me about the beating. Yougottobekiddingme, Robin.
G e t   t o   t h e   a s s a u l t .   好 的   O k a y ,   f i n e .
S o B arney and I were finishingpackingh isapartment . . .
Okay, the last item on the list, O kay .
O n e   l a s t   i t e m   o n   t h e   c h e c k l i s t .
Disconnect the C old Call 5 0 0 0 .
Which episode of Whatthehell  'sthat is playing?
I got some customer data thatsellsbodyglittera ndhigh - endpasties from I wasabletosecurethecus tomerdatabasefromacom pany, a company specializing in body glitter and high-end nipple stickers.
A random number 5000 will call every The C old Call 5000 willdialeveryfemaleclient 22 to 23 years old female client betweentheagesof 2 2 and 2 3 , and leave this message and leave the followingm essage :
Hi I know this is crazy Hi, I knowthisiscrazy, but I fell in love with you on the subway at first sight but I sawyouonthesubway, I knew it was meant to be and I knewweweremeanttobe.
If you believe in providence come to McKellen 's bar tonight I fyoubelieveindestiny , cometo M ac L aren  ' stonight andfindme , Barney S tinson .
Because I have a strong feeling that I should drive straight into youBecause I havethisfeelingthat I 'msupposedtobeonyou--your heart withyou.
Why not re-record a normal version of W hynotre - recordit ?
I tried a hundred times and I can 't help but say this I didlikeahundredtakes .
I t   k e p t   h a p p e n i n g .
I can 't believe Lily 's not coming I can  ' tbelieve Li ly  ' snotcoming !
Go to hell Youknowwhat ?
S crewit ! Who said two men can 't play childbirth class W hosaysthattwobroscan  ' trockabirthingclass ?
Play it Rockit!
Today we will study ' Sensual Horse Killing Chicken ' Today , we  ' llbeexploring ' T he S ensual Massage .'
First please join hands with your partner Let  ' sstartbygentlycupping our partner  ' shands . . .
Feel each other 's breath andjustbreatheeachoth erin.
Thanks Robin T hanks , Robin .
You 're the only person I know who will help me clean up this mess.
You are real brother You  ' rearealbro .
Am I , though ?
Women are not brothers. ' C ause I  ' mreallymoreofawoman .
To my charming Tomyfemininity .
No you are more like brother N ah , you  ' remoreofabro .
You are a buddy a man You  ' readude .
Y o u ' r e   a   m a n .
You can also enjoy a night of single Hey , youareflying soloonemo renight .
How about I putonasmokin  ' hotdress in a hot evening dress, you put on a vest that hides this unsightly tie, youslapavestoverthatc rimesceneofatie, let 's have some fun and wepaint the town?
I mean how long have we been since we were handsome and beautiful. I mean, whenwasthelasttimeweg otrip - roaringdrunk out for a drink, inclothingthathighlig htsourgenders?
So your plan is to go out and revel in S o , yourplan wastobeoutont hetown , dress provocatively and accompany him drinking as a mistress drinkingwithanotherwo man  ' sman .
Robin This is the first session of Robin , thisisourfirstsession , and
Purely clinical opinion but I knowthisisjustoneclin icalopinion , but . . . great idea youadawg !
Yeah Yeah . . .
Just have a problem T herewasjustoneproblem . . .
Surprise! Surprise!
I came back early I gotbackearly!

Let me guess L etmeguess , hiding under your desk and getting drunk again yougotdrunkunderyourd eskagain ?
No Harvard Mr. No , Mr .
H avard . The way I handle things has changed I handledthingsalittled ifferently . . .
I think now you 'd want me to talk about watching Barney and Nora S o , I supposenowyouwantmeto talk about howitfelt
I 'd rather you jump straight to the point of beating I ' dratherjustskipaheadt otheassault .
My next patient thinks he is God My ynextpatientthinkshe  's God .
Maybe he 's right Ontheoffchancethathe  ' sright ,
I don 't want God to wait
Madden things happened after they left Well , right after they left , something crazyhappene d .
Excuse me, do you know where to find Barney S tinson? E xcuseme , doyouknowwhere I can find Barney S tinson ?
He fell in love with me at first sight on the subway He esawmeonthesubway and messaged me to come here andleftmeamessagetome ethimhere .
Why not re-record a normal version of W hynotre - recordit ?
I tried a hundred times and I can 't help but say this I didlikeahundredtakes .
I t   k e p t   h a p p e n i n g .
Hi I know this is crazy Hi, I knowthisiscrazy but I fell in love with you on the subway but I sawyouonthesubway . . .
He asked me if I believed in providence. I believed in Heaskedmeif I believed in destiny. A nd I do .
We are indeed a destined couple Wearesomeanttobe .
Where is he W herecan I findhim ?
Morally I was really in a dilemma S o I wasfaced with amoraldil emma .
Let this idiot spoil their good things U nleashthisnutbagonthem Or help my friend orbeabiggerperson , and helpmyfriend with grace.
Barney at True Love Restaurant Barney  ' sat C af é L  ' Amour , 7 5 thand Amsterdam .
- Great - no wait - A wesome !
-   N o ,   w a i t ,   w a i t ,   w a i t !
This is not right O kay , thisisn  'tright .
Unbutton the top button to show your capital Let  ' spopthattopbutton , showoffyourgals . Good luck rushing O oh !
G o o d   l u c k ,   g o   g e t   ' e m !

Let your love flow through your fingers Letyour love come through your fingers .
Brother rule is not to hum D ude, theruleisnomoaning and keep your eyes open and keepyoureyesopenat alltimes.
Be normal S topbeingweird . When will it be my turn to be a woman A ndhey , when do I gettobethewoman ?
Remember the most important thing in pregnancy No owremember , the most important thing inpregnancy
It is to make mother calm and happy istookeep M omcalmandhappy .
Only then did she know what she wanted most S heknowsbestwhatshenee ds .
Trust her Truster .
Below are the prospective fathers Now , Papas ,
Hold the hand of the expectant mother I wantyoutotake M om  ' shandsinyours ,
Look deep into her eyes lookdeepintohereyes , read andrepeatafterme with me .
I believe in you I believe in you .
I believe in you I believe in you .
I honor your body wisdom I honor your body  ' swisdom .
I honor your body wisdom I honor your body  ' swisdom .
Your womb is like a temple Yourwombisatemple .
- your womb is like a - ok i get it - Yourwombisa - - - O kay , I getit !
I feel so bad that we ignore Lily 's wishes I feelterriblewedidn  ' tlistentowhat L ilywanted ! I know I too I know , sodo I .
Actually I always thought it would be me who got married
And you will be with me through these things and going through allthi sstuffalongsideyouguy s .
But even if I meet my dream girl now Butevenif I meetthegirlofmydreams rightthissecond ,
I 'm one night and nine months away from having a family of my own, I 'm still one night and nine months away.
Unless my kid 's mom is a slut A ndthat  ' sassumingthemotherofm ychildren it 's hard to go to bed at first sight isjustahugeslut .
Don 't Lose Hope Ted D on  ' tlosehope , T ed .
That slut is waiting for you T hatslutisoutthere . Thanks buddy T hanks , buddy .
We should go and apologize to Lily. We eowe Lilyanapology .
to Yeah .
Dads-to-be it 's question time D ads , thisisthetimethat I  'llanswer y 'all have any questions about the vagina just ask everyquestionyou  ' veeverhadaboutvaginas .
Damn it by chance!

I 'm really sorry Lily I 'msosorry , Lily .
Just a little bit, you havejustalittlebit .
I understand that seven months from now I realizenowthatit  ' smyjobforthenextseven months
I will be a perpetual motion machine in bed I  ' mnolongerwithholdings ex .
True hero M yhero .
But I want to make sure you can get along with Dr Sonya too.
A n d   y o u   k n o w   w h a t ,
She 's so calm, the factthatshe  ' ssocalmandlaidback, maybe that 's not a bad thing, maybethat  ' snotabadthing.
Maybe Maybethat  ' sexactlywhatwe  ' regonna needs her talent when we are giving birth wantinthatdeliveryroom .
Lily if you don 't push hard, ifyoudon 'tpush, I will squeeze your baby down your throat
Where did Matthew die W herethehellis Marshall ?!
It 's a crazy story, kids. T hat  ' sacrazystory , kids .
I 'll gettothat later.
Ted is waiting in the hallway Hey , T ed  ' southinthehall .
He also wants to apologize to you He ewantstoapologize , too .
Where did your socks go W hathappenedtoyoursock ?
Long story.
Anyway I realized Bottomline , I realizedthatsometimes
Love means letting go. love means taking a step back.
Not really. Well, not always.
I mean sometimes I mean, sometimes it  ' sbettertointerfere a little disruption would be better wouldn 't it andsabotagestuff, right?
I think if you really care about someoneW ell, I thinkifyoucareaboutso mebody, even if you end up being forgotten youshouldwantthemtobe happy, you still want them to be happy evenifyouwindupbeingl eftout.
What you learned from Matthew and LilyThelessonyoulearnedwith Lilyand Marshall
The whole thing applies to my current situation isdirectlyapplicablet omysituation,and therefore also anddistherefore a useful detail avalidpartofhow I  'lleventuallytellthiss tory when I finally tell this story.
Really? Really?
So these two things are linked to T hat  ' showthatwentdown ?
The point is to link each other, right? P ointis , italltiedtogether , right ?
Don 't feel Notreallyatall at all.
Can you tell me directly about the beating part C anwejustgettotheassau lt ?
To our T ous !
Barney is me Barney , it  ' sme !
I love you Barney I loveyou , Barney !
The scallops look good M mm , scallops look good . are good Oh , they are .
But last time I was here they sold out so Butthelasttime I washeretheyranout, so, uh . . .
Good luck knock . . . on . . . wood . K nockonwood means touching something wooden to throw off bad luck and ensure good luck
I want red velvet cake for dessert Well , I have myeyeontheredvelv etcakefordessert . Would it be nice to have one bite per person Lovely .
S p l i t s i e s ?
No I want to eat aloneN ah , I wantitalltoyself . Really Really ?
Armwrestling to decide the outcome, A rmwrestleforit?
Don 't No!
Well fine I love this restaurant I love thisplace .
- Thank you babe - You 're welcome - T hankyou , babe .
-   Y o u ' r e   w e l c o m e .
Baby Babe.
Barney doesn 'tknowathingaboutanyof this.
But that 's why I was forced to undergo psychotherapy by the court Butthat ' swhy I gotcourt - mandatedtherapy.
You must think I 'm a lunatic Youmustthink I  ' mnuts .
I think you are a good friend who is loyal. I thinkyou  ' reareally goodfriend .
Really Really ? Really Really .
In my opinion there was no criminal intent in this attack
Thank you Doctor Well , thanks , D oc !
Look at Well , lookatus !
One course to solve all problems We egotthiswrappeduppinon esession .
That 's awesome, right? G ous , right ? Let 's talk about how you got the No owlet  ' sdiscusshowyoukeyedth ejudge  ' scar to drive the judge 's car.
Well Okay.
U m . . .
Here 's the thing here 's showithappened:
Matthew and Lily were going to go to the zoo together
Well it 's all interlocking I promise okay , italltiestogether , I swear .
N o w . . .
1997 Salt and pepper and cumin
1998 Lady and Stray Dogs and a Pasta Plate
'L ady and the T ramp' is a classic animated feature film produced by Disney in 1995
《 L e w i s   a n d   C l a r k :
Lewis and Clark and their canoes in 2000
AP rairie Dogforthe P resident famous children 's book
2006 Dr. Frankenstein and Frankenstein and the Terrified Villagers
American 1931 classic movie 'Frankenstein'
2007 C-3 PO and R2-D2 and Luke 's uncle nearly bought the broken robot from the Kawaii
The classic sci-fi movie Star Wars
