The Return of Sherlock Holmes Season 1 Episode 6 There 's a Mr. Downstairs . . .
- make him wait for Mrs. Hudson - he 's very urgent
Abbey College
slow down
i have to apologize
I 'm a little tired
I 'm a doctor and I ask you to relax and wait until you eat before talking
thanks
If only I could have a cookie and a glass of milk
I 'm sure I 'll be fine soon
Mrs Hudson is cooking now
please . . . please forgive my weakness
I really have to . . .
Mr. Holmes
at your service
Master of Arts Doctor of Philosophy
Principal of Abbey School
It 's not every day that Dr. Huckstubb
There are victims like you lying on the rug in front of my fireplace
I want to guess what wind brought you here
So I took the liberty to search your body, I hope you can forgive me
Oh yes yes of course
please sit
your watch
For at least 30 years, every second was suddenly scratched this morning
Just when you shove those coins into your vest pocket without thinking
Lifetime habits are forgotten
Maybe it 's just a small incident but I think it 's a quivering needle from some angle
Maybe it 's a sign of an earthquake. Your beard and stubble show that your daily habits have been seriously affected.
Has it been three days?
Yes, sir
yes sir sir holmes i beg you to follow me up north to mccleton at once
at stake
oh sorry
Mr. Watson and I are extremely busy at the moment
I 'm busy myself with the 'Ferrer Papers' case
And Dr. Watson told me that the recent scarlet fever epidemic has kept him busy.
And of course there 's a trial for the Abel Cavenny murder.
Now only very serious problems can let us go
'Major' sir?
Did you mean 'major' ?
You must have heard of the Duke of Hednes?
The former cabinet minister ?
Not only this Watson
He has so many titles that it takes up almost half of the alphabet
Is one of the king 's greatest subjects Hi Dr. Huckstub ?
the greatest
also one of the richest
I 'm proud to say he 's still my neighbor
Hednes Mansion - - - His country house is just across the valley from the Abbey College.
The Duke is a very lonely man
He 's terrified of the public getting to the bottom of it, but he 's very concerned about it in order to see it resolved
He is willing to pay five thousand pounds
Another £1,000 reward
Hope the bad guys get caught
it 's so important
Great pay for Dr. Huckstubb
But you haven 't mentioned the case yet
oh excuse me
The Duke 's only son, Lord Saltaire, has been kidnapped!
Kidnapped at Abbey College?
Yes
under your care ?
Did the kidnapping happen three days ago?
last saturday night
Then why did you wait so long to find me?
The duke was very concerned that his family 's misfortunes would be made public
The Duke asked the police to exercise caution - and they did . . .
- I see
This thing was handled badly
I also felt that I was wrong to admit it
How is the ransom offered?
No ransom offered
No ransom?
no
This is one of the most confusing parts of this incident because the boy didn 't run away alone
Mr. Heidegger also disappeared with our German teacher
By the way, his bike is actually gone.
If he kidnapped the boy, why hasn 't he received any ransom demand yet?
Heidegger came from Switzerland and brought his best references
Are there any other bikes missing?
Oh no
Are you sure ?
yes Mr. Aveline checked all the bikes
Dr. Hackstub, do you mean that the German teacher walked away on a bicycle late at night?
Still holding this boy in your arms?
Do not
So what 's your opinion on this?
Cycling may be just a cover up
He probably hid the bike somewhere and the two walked away
No doubt he could have hidden a few bikes if he wanted to make that impression.
I think so
Of course he can do it Dr. Huxtub Your claim about 'covering up' doesn 't hold water
But for the investigation
It 's a good start, Watson, can you call a carriage at once?
Now Sherlock Holmes ?
Everyone, pack your bags
We still have enough time to catch the night train from Simpancras
Dr. Huckstubb, I 'm going to do some research with you
Maybe there are still clues that old hounds like me and Watson can sniff out
I suppose it would be a great honour for you to have Sir Saltaire at your school ?
Mr. Holmes that was published after Blackwell
After the book 'Hackstub 's Views on Horace' (Horace: The Ancient Roman Poet Literary Critic) I am most proud of the moment. This book was quite successful at the time.
you may have heard
no
How old is that boy ?
nine years old
How long have you been studying at your place?
The winter semester begins as soon as the school starts
An unusual boy seems to be adjusting well
he uh . . .
what 's wrong ?
What I 'm trying to say is that he 's not very happy at home
The Duke 's Married Life Was Not Peaceful
His marriage ended in separation last year by mutual consent
The Duchess returns to Venice to live in her father 's mansion
How did you know all this about the duke 's marriage?
Is it a well-known fact?
I 've had several private conversations with Mr. Wilder. He 's the duke 's secretary.
he was very helpful
I think you should have made sure that the boy did not go to Italy to return to his mother?
oh yes
Yes I can 't express . . . Mr. Holmes . . . - I feel so relieved . . .
- Watson?!
- here we come! - Mr. to feed you
Mrs. Hudson, how did you guess?
Experience dictates Mr. Holmes
uh doc and dr can have a hearty meal in the car
The air in the Badlands is exhilarating and even I might find myself having a better appetite for a few days
I think I would be right to say that Abbey is the prep school of choice in the UK
Lord Levastoke Sir Cathcart Soames, Earl of Blackwater
sent their sons to me
You can 't see Hednes House from here, but you can see it clearly from the tower of the chapel
I 'm going to start investigating from the boy 's room
Did his father write it?
Arrived the morning he disappeared
Has he received any letters from Italy?
no recent
Where is his father 's letter now?
can 't find it
The letter should have been on the boy when he was kidnapped
Who lives in the next room?
- - I 'm sorry you don 't have to be polite - - I dare say I know this guy
Even the thunder and lightning can make you sleep soundly
he won 't sir
Really? Why?
There 's a Mr. Mouse in the wall, Mr.
woke us both up sir sometimes sir
mouse ?
Then any sound from Lord Saltaire 's room . . .
uh that door squeaky mr
We can always hear the door
Did you hear anything the night he disappeared?
no sir
Can 't even hear the cry
cry ?
Yes, sir
he sometimes weeps mr
sometimes sir
thank you kids
Didn 't find anything on the ground?
not found
The traces are gone
headmaster !
headmaster !
The Duke of Hednes has come to the Headmaster
Thank you Mr. Aveline
with Mr. Wilder
Mr Holmes ?
Um
The Duke is waiting, Mr. Holmes
Saying this is useless
Lord Duke
Mr Wilder
I called you yesterday, Dr. Huckstubb, but it was too late
can 't stop you from leaving for london
The Duke is surprised that Dr. Huxtab did not expect you to invite Mr. Holmes to investigate.
without consulting the adults in advance
uh i think the police are helpless . . .
Of course the police . . . are definitely not powerless
Yes but Mr Wilder . . .
You must have noticed how eager Lord Dr. Hackstubb is to avoid public gossip
He wished as few people knew about it as possible
I 'm sorry Mr Wilder
It 's easy to remedy
Mr. Holmes can take the early bus back to London
Absolutely not absolutely not
I love your cool northern air
I plan to spend at least a few days in your wasteland
Who knows, maybe at least Mr. Heidegger 's bike, if nothing else.
It 's no small matter Mr. Holmes
I 'm glad you don 't think that way, my lord
Mr. Holmes, if you have anything to say
I 'm afraid I didn 't get it
Your only son is missing
Your hopes, your future, and your noble family are threatened with disillusionment
what do you mean. . . ?
I 'd like to ask the grown-ups compared to your son 's life or his reputation
What 's the point of being cautious?
But maybe the answer is what is continuation without glory?
But I believe you are still largely correct Mr. Holmes
If you 're referring to me restricting the actions of the police, maybe I 'm exerting too much influence on them
I have a morbid fear of public attention
James, since Mr. Holmes is here, it would be stupid if we didn 't ask him for help.
Mr Holmes ?
grown ups ?
Perhaps you would like to come and live with us at Hednes House?
Thank you, sir, but I want to stay at the scene of the suspected case to investigate.
is more sensible
whatever you want
Either Mr Wilder or myself will give you the help you need
May I ask if you have any thoughts on your son 's mysterious disappearance?
no sir no
He is a good boy Mr. Holmes
How long has he been in your class?
Since the day he came here
Does he often talk about his family?
not often talked about
I think the way he misses his mother and his father makes him a little resentful
Did he talk about the separation of the duke and duchess?
no
It 's a bit mysterious
Boys insist they love each other very much
Don 't you think he 's comforting himself?
No, he 's a very honest kid
Oh but his family is not very honest
I 've been told they were members of the Hellfire Club (The Slutty Atheist Youth Club)
I suppose you don 't know what time Mr. Heidegger went back to his room the night he disappeared?
Not very clear, but it 's late
after eleven o 'clock
He was the teacher on duty that night
I think he can ride a bicycle, right?
yes oh yes
Has Lord Saltaire ever rode with him?
I haven 't learned to keep my balance without him
I don 't think you happen to know the brand of Mr. Heidegger 's bicycle tires?
of course I know
A lovely bike from Brightman
The tires are Palmer, you know, the kind with stripes on the tread.
I know
thanks
you helped a lot
you 're welcome mr holmes
Dinner starts at eight o 'clock
I am sorry
Holmes ?
I 've come to like this case, Watson.
There are a few things in this case that are really interesting
look at this map
There are certain geological features that are very relevant to our investigation
This black square is Abbey College
This is a road with no forks within a mile on either side.
The north side of the school is slowly rising
To the south is a large arable land with many high walls and hedgerows.
Insurmountable for a driver
Oh what did you find in Oakburn?
Police have received reports from all over the place of seeing a man with a boy
They concluded their investigation of this place early this morning
What 's the result?
got nothing
The characteristics of the reported subject did not match the boy nor the German teacher
great
A large number of false eyewitness reports Watson justify my suspicions
I don 't think they 're off the beaten path
It 's definitely right to look in secluded places
I don 't think they took the road at all
But what about bicycles?
A good driver is Watson who does not need a good road
The wasteland is divided into blocks by trails
I remember it was a full moon that night
The man we 're looking for is just north
You did a good job Watson
It 's going to be dinner soon, you 'll be glad to hear it, but I have one more thing to figure out
Mr. Heidegger 's room
just ten minutes
Dr. Holmes is working on the origins of the Hednes family
Like many ancient families, their history of fortune is not very clean
Isn 't it clean, doctor?
Uh, don 't be overly sensitive, they 're some cattle thieves
Very brave, resourceful and daring but their first fortune came from other people 's cattle
Sherlock Holmes even told me that Hednes had been awarded the title of crazy member of the Hellfire Club
What 's the matter with you, Dr. Huckstubb?
nothing
something obviously happened
I think my expectations are too high
It 's a part-time job after all.
Say what you expect
I don 't expect miracles
I don 't think I 'm one to ask for a miracle . . . but you found nothing
Haven 't noticed anything since we left London
Although this statement is actually not correct
You 've discovered two things, but they 're all nonsense
One is a dirty gossip and the other is the family origin of my great clientele
A fabricated imagination full of slander
Mr. Holmes, I did not hire you here to discredit the Hednes family.
calm down dr
In fact, we have found
I can describe to you in detail what happened at this school that disastrous night
And what your excellent and loyal German teacher did
Was Heidegger loyal?
What did you say sir?
Mr. Heidegger went back to his room just after eleven o 'clock to rest.
He was the teacher on duty that night
Now my friend and colleague Dr. Watson will simulate his actions
Heidegger was on duty for two hours that night and another hard day during the day
He decided to let himself relax
took off his coat
Then go to the cabinet by the door
Poured myself a glass of sherry
He desperately needs a drink
for the next task
He picked up the candle and sat down at the table to grade 22 homework
These assignments include not only grammar exercises
Also includes a lengthy essay
You know what I 'm talking about Dr. Huckstub If he didn 't do anything else, his candles should have been
Goes off just after midnight
The candles are in the cabinet by the door
He got up from the table to get another candle but it was pitch black and he couldn 't find the candle so he went to the window instead
to draw the curtains
I want to see clearly with the moonlight
The boy on the roof of the tower across from the gate is waiting for the moon to dim and he knows no one will see him flee
Mr. Heidegger watched as the boy hurried across the ridge
Going to the river for a pre-arranged date
He senses that what 's going on matters
Heidegger ran to the door just to knock over the rest of his sherry glass
I see
thanks
Looks like I misread you
It wasn 't a wise choice for him to go after the boy
I think he 's dead
please excuse mr holmes
you mean . . .
I hope not but if my reasoning is correct
I do have to worry about him
What about the child?
Doctor 's clue
just outside
On the other side of the Zhuo Fu Bridge
poor beast
Raven
They ruined their reputations so let 's assume that boys are taken away on horseback, right?
That 's right
Otherwise Heidegger wouldn 't need a bicycle to chase him
But we only find cow tracks, Sherlock Holmes
Sherlock Holmes? Sherlock Holmes?
A rut Watson!
a rut
Is it a bicycle?
A bike, of course, but not that bike
I am familiar with 42 different bicycle tire tracks
This is a Dunlop tire with a patched tire cover.
Heidegger 's tires are Palmer
This isn 't Heidegger 's rut, whose rut is that?
Who is it?
Watson !
These are the wheels of Palmer that Heidegger walked this way
so unusual
Dunlop 's rut ​​extends 150 yards and then suddenly disappears while Palmer 's wheel print is quite clear
to these rocks
But they also disappeared
And there 's no sign of a horse anywhere
Watson, your ability to see the obvious is remarkable.
I should have brought some lunch
What the hell is Mr. Heidegger chasing?
A herd?
they can 't take boys
Kidnap on the back of a cow
All horse tracks are erased
It 's obvious that the two bikes just disappeared.
impossible
Precisely it is impossible to see in a certain way because we got it wrong
we must be wrong
There is a sign for a hotel on the other side of the wasteland
Sherlock Holmes has a hotel on Chesterfield Road
Yes, if we go down this route
we 'll walk to the hotel
uh i wanna try my luck there
I 'm hungry
Holmes ?
Lunch, of course, dear friend, you must be starving
Look at the map now
You 'll see a hotel three miles away in this direction
If we 're going to face Duke Hednes next, we 'll have to eat
No gain?
I got nothing I have to tell the adults
No gain?
got nothing
I regret that
I regret that
locked
These forged portraits are rough but expressive
Mr. Ruben Hayes ?
How do you know my name ?
It 's printed on the door
we want to find something to eat
Really ?
We 'd be grateful if you could find us something to eat
Really ?
Yes
you have to ask that woman
nasty guy
if we were this afternoon
If you have to make it all the way back to Hednes Mansion, then hire some horses.
what do you think ?
How far are you going to ride them?
Just go to the ducal mansion and come back I said you know the way, right?
I worked there for 15 years
Well you can ride them
I said Mr. Hayes, did you hurt yourself?
it doesn 't matter
I 'm a doctor, and I assure you that the injury is still serious.
you should see a doctor
How did you get hurt?
one of my dogs did it
those are scratches
What 's up ?
Uh, take a closer look and you 'll see they 're so far apart
What animal can cause such scratches?
Maybe a descendant of the 'Champion Jack' (the rooster on the sign)
Cockfighting has been banned by law for 50 years
many things are prohibited by law
What 's the law in a place like this?
Oh great Mrs Hayes thank you
What are you cooking?
blood pudding (a type of sausage) sugar and grains
How about Watson ?
disgusting holmes
That woman . . . she 's afraid of something more than her husband
one after another deception
What are you trying to hide?
cheat ?
Oh Watson
my horse is lame
so strange
Horseshoes are old nails but new
Gentlemen
Lord wants to see you now
Mr Oh Wilder
Mr. Holmes, Dr. Watson, welcome to Hednes House
adults will be here soon
We have high expectations for your talents Mr. Holmes
Did you bring any news?
I just have one thing to figure out
What is Mr. Holmes?
This concerns the Duke 's vital concerns
As an adult 's personal secretary maybe I can help
I think the lord wrote a letter to his son on the day of the incident
Not the day before the incident
Yes, but the letter arrived on the day of the incident.
yes very likely
Is it possible that there was something in the letter that prompted the boy to flee?
oh i guess no
Anyway, if he wants to escape, he is escaping back here.
Or to his mother in Italy?
no sir
Even the German who instigated him, Lord Saltaire would realize
That 's impossible. He 's a smart and practical boy
But he will cry when he sleeps
Do adults send letters in person? Adults do not have the habit of sending letters
I put that letter on the desk along with the other letters by myself.
The only other person with access to the letter is Reeves, who is responsible for delivering the daily mail to the reception room
Are you sure that letter is in it?
oh yes
I noticed what you found, Mr. Holmes?
How is your investigation going?
Are you planning to disappoint me?
I hope to make adults happier and I can also be a little richer
So what did you find?
Mainly there are some issues that need to be clarified
I think a pre-appointment lured the boys out of school and I suspect
His mom was used as bait
German teacher finds him leaving
So go out to chase
We had a hard time finding his bike rut in the wasteland
It 's like all traces . . . were erased on purpose by someone . . .
Mr Holmes ?
someone who drives the herd
Did you know that the herds of cattle in the wasteland . . .
What happened to the herd?
I hope you didn 't see the herd
The climate of our highlands is not suitable for wild cattle herding in winter
They will have to wait at least two weeks before leaving the stall
Then I 'm really blind
thank you sir
Old shoes, new nails!
Old shoes, new nails!
Sherlock Holmes, you should see this!
Impressive indeed! Studding horses with hoof prints!
Have you seen those horseshoes?
Saw that the men who took Lord Saltaire had their horses tacked on different horseshoes
to evade tracking
Ruben Hayes draws on a piece of local history
bad watson bad
The bald eagle to the north points the way
German teacher
See what 's left of his body!
Hello !
Hello hello hello hello !

skin and blood
Only with a microscope can you tell if it belongs to humans or not
This is undoubtedly consistent with the scratches on Hayes ' neck.
Oh yes what is the cause of death?
strangle
The throat is broken
The shepherd can help us bring the news to the convent to tell them the sad news
we have to walk watson
I was only one step away!
In that bar it 's like a kid guessing a riddle!
But every step I take, I deviate from the clues
How do I know where to put the body!
it 's over Arthur
Ruben Hayes
Hope it 's not too late
Dunlop tires have patches on them
What 's going on here, Mrs. Hayes?
I 'm glad your disapproval of this is out of coercion
someone picked up the boy
Mr. Wilder, the duke 's secretary?
Which way did they go?
Cross the wasteland?
On Chesterfield Park to their hideout
Great Mrs Hayes
I must marry Watson who warned the duke
You are now the boy 's guardian angel
I saw the grown-up 's checkbook on the table
I would be very grateful if you could write me a cheque for £6,000
It would be better if you crossed it (crossed check: bank transfer only)
City and Country Bank Oxford Street Branch is my correspondent bank
It 's not my personality, Mr. Holmes
I 'm sorry but I don 't understand that James is Mr. Wilder
How could you be involved in this incident and you have no evidence of it?
But I just have the evidence and it 's hard evidence
The mud on the horseshoes in your showcase isn 't dry yet
Why do you doubt my words?
you seem confused
Your interests will be ruined by your irrationality
Portraits of you and your young father in the hall of the adults
have distinct family characteristics
How long has Mr. Wilder been with you?
what do you mean by that ?
How dare you do this!
You don 't understand at all!
You are a rude person!
You never . . . please leave now!
I will not. . .
I. . .
then my suspicion is correct
Mr James Wilder is your son
Mr. Holmes when I was very young
I 'm in love, the kind of love that 's only once in my life
I proposed to the lady but she rejected me because of this marriage
will destroy my career
Of course I wouldn 't marry someone else if she was alive, but she died
Leaving only one child, James, for her I raised and nurtured this child
I can 't publicly acknowledge our father-son relationship but in every other respect I treat him as a biological son
He asked me several times for my Father 's forgiveness . . . but couldn 't get his assurance and I forgave
forgive again
forgive too many times
Oh my lord to Mr Wilder
I have tried my best
You should realize that he doesn 't care about your words
He plotted to kidnap Lord Saltaire
No matter how unintentionally wrong
He is always an accomplice in a murder and he must be found! Before he attempts a more serious crime
Must find him! Before you have not lost
before the only remaining son
Reeves ?
you go to organize a search of the wasteland
Follow the forest on the west side from the temple to the pavilion
Call everyone in the house
don 't fall
You go to find my son, Lord Saltaire
If you find Mr. Wilder, please keep him and bring him back to me
Wilder intercepted your letter and wrote another note to replace the letter in it to trick your son into believing
he will see his mother
The murderer Hayes was an accomplice he paid for, but the police have been notified
Hayes can 't escape
Watson ?
I followed them to the wasteland but they were gone
I searched the whole area but they 're like being swallowed by the earth
I looked into your family history
I seem to remember mentioning a huge limestone cave that was used to store stolen cattle
Daikyodo!
hurry up !
quick !
give him to me
No! You won 't get him!
- Father! - Come on, Father!
Father !
Father !
James !
I love Francesca not a boyish mania but a manly love
My marriage to her attracted the jealousy of James
In him I can see his mother 's face and demeanor
James knows he can stop me from loving my wife
Despite his ruthless treatment of Arthur
I still can 't get him out of here.
So instead I sent Arthur away
What was he trying to achieve by kidnapping his brother?
money ?
legal status ?
also have power
have power over me
He was very proud to be above me and he knew it was me who refused to give him power
But you suspected he was the mastermind behind the kidnapping?
I thought about it when I was most gloomy
Yet somehow I still hope to save him
Uh, it 's like a long atonement
My only hope is that Francesca will forgive me
thank you mr holmes
grown ups. . .
It 's a king 's ransom (the check is high)
you gave me my future back
