 00 : 00 : 08, 138 -- > 00 : 00 : 10, 967 ADULT SHELDON :
 The Clean Air Act required all new cars to be equipped with catalytic converters to combat air pollution .



 The first state to do this was California , which led Texans to say things like ...

 ADULT SHELDON :

 When will that place fall in the ocean ? ( HACKS )
 ADULT SHELDON :
 While not everyone was happy about it , six years later , one particular Texan saw an opportunity to get rich quick .
 Oh , man , I 'm gonna get rich quick .
 I just got my ticket out of here .
 Adios .



 Is one of the tips " make a crappy newsletter and charge idiots a dollar for it " ?
 No , but not a bad idea . Listen to this :
 " Raise bees and sell the honey for profit . "
 Do it , and I 'm living with Meemaw .
 " Sell blood or non- vital organs . "

 ( LAUGHS )
 I think that 's the only time I 've ever heard you laugh .
 That 's the only time you 've ever been funny .
 Oh , platinum can be extracted from ordinary roadside gravel .
 No , it can 't .
 Actually , it can .
 Catalytic converters contain platinum .
 Microparticles of that platinum are expelled in the exhaust and are mixed in with the gravel .
 See ?
 This thing 's a gold mine .
 It would be more apt to call it a platinum mine .
 I laughed at your joke .






 UMPlRE : Strike !
 Keep your eye on the ball .
 Strike two .
 You got this !
 Strike three .
 MEEMAW :
 you 're blind .
 She swung and missed . Fine .
 Hey ump , you 're bald .
 Better ?


 Strike one .
 You can do it , sweetheart .
 Strike two . UMPlRE :
 Strike three .
 I still think you can do it , sweetheart . UMPlRE :
 Strike one .
 Strike two .


 Strike one .
 Strike two .




 Want to go to Dairy Queen ?
 I don 't deserve Dairy Queen .
 It 's not your fault , honey .
 That other pitcher was almost a grown man .
 I think I saw him at the bar last night .
 Y- You 're just going through a little slump .
 Happens to everyone .
 Well , how do I get out of it ?
 When I 've been at the craps table ...
 George , you give advice .


 You just got to get out of your head .
 You ... you 're thinking too much .
 I promise thinking too much has never been my problem .
 When I 'm feeling down , do you know what I do ?
 OTHERS :
 Pray . It works .
 In fact , I 'm gonna pray for you tonight .
 Everybody prays to God at night .
 Do it now while he 's got some free time .
 Hey what you doing ?
 Playing a historically accurate game called The Oregon Trail .
 That sounds boring .


 Well , can you pause it for a sec ?
 It does seems rude to push on to Oregon while my daughter Mabel is mourning the loss of her mother .
 What can I do for you ?
 Remember when we were talking about platinum in gravel ?
 Do you know how to get it out ?
 It 's not a complicated principle .
 I could probably do it with my Professor Proton chemistry set .


 Does our oven do that ?
 No , but I read you can build one out of a garbage can and a leaf blower .
 Cool .
 Let 's mine some platinum .


 ( VlDEO GAME MUSlC PLAYlNG )
 But you care about science , right ?
 ( VlDEO GAME MUSlC STOPS) Of course .
 So I offer you the chance to do an experiment and you 'd rather play a video game ?
 What would Professor Proton think ?

 He 'd be disappointed .
 So what do you say ?
 I say we collect gravel .
 There you go .
 ADULT SHELDON : In case you 're worried ,
 Mabel and I did finally make it to Oregon , where I remarried and lived to the ripe old age of 41 .
 ( VlDEO GAME MUSlC PLAYS )
 DALE :
 All right , Cooper , remember what I told you , okay ?
 Knees bent , elbows out , eye on the ball .
 ( SlGHS ) Hang on .
 Hi , God .
 It 's Missy Cooper .
 I know my mom talked to you about me the other day , and she 's , like , your biggest fan .
 Hey , what 's going on ?
 What , did you fall asleep ?
 Sorry , I was praying .
 Oh , my apologies .
 MlSSY :
 Anyway , I could really use your help getting a hit .
 Amen .
 Okay .
 Are we good ?


 Okay , remember , elbows up , knees bent .

 I 'm coming at you , Cooper .
 Way to go . Perfect .
 Thank you , God .
 How about , " Thank you , Coach " ? Thank you , Coach .
 Too late .

 This should be a good spot .
 It 's a high- traffic area , which means plenty of exhaust , and therefore plenty of platinum .
 Great .
 Let 's get shoveling .

 You ain 't gonna help ?
 No .
 How was practice ?


 Sounds like a little prayer helped after all .

 Well , God knows everything , and I have some pretty evil thoughts .
 Oh , Missy .
 Ooh , what if I start wearing a cross so God knows I mean business ?
 You could also clean up your thinking .
 Nah .
 ( TRUCK HORN HONKS )
 What 's taking so long ?
 It 'd be faster if you helped .
 Well , we know that 's not happening .
 MlSSY :
 I know you got your hands full with all that sad stuff ,
 like disease and war and hunger and poverty , so thanks again for helping me get some hits at practice .
 Amen .
 Don 't forget to ask him to keep our family safe and healthy .


 Should I be wearing all that ?


 I 'm good .
 God made dirt . Dirt don 't hurt .
 Where do we start ?
 The first step is to put the gravel in these colanders , and then sift it over the tray to collect the dust .
 It 's like finding money in the street .
 Why do you care so much about money ?
 You saw Back to the Futurewhen their dad 's rich at the end , his wife is all skinny and loves him way more .
 So you want a wife who loves you because you have money ?
 A skinny wife .
 I have something for you .
 You said you wanted a cross , and this is the one I used to wear when I was your age .
 It 's so pretty .
 I 'm glad you like it .
 It 's a nice reminder that wherever you are ,
 God is always with you .
 And it means a lot to me that you want to wear it .


 God , it 's Missy again .
 If you can hear me better , it 's ' cause I 'm wearing a cross now .
 Please let me get a lot of hits on Saturday .
 And if their star pitcher breaks his arm or gets run over by a truck , I 'd totally be okay with that .
 Amen .
 Amen .
 Now we have to sift the powder again because the platinum particles are extremely small , sometimes no more than just a few atoms .
 If I was as smart as you , I 'd play the stock market .
 Or go on Price Is Right .
 I 'd rather spend my time focusing on important things ,
 like figuring out how the universe works .
 So , say you figure out how the universe works . Then what ?
 I 'm not sure , but in the meantime ,
 I agree with Richard Feynman .
 I simply enjoy the pleasure of finding things out .
 I agree with the Beastie Boys .
 You got to fight for your right to party .
 Well , it 's good to have a personal philosophy .
 GEORGE JR . :
 by combining borax , sodium carbonate ,
 lead oxide and flour .
 Did you know Sheldon and Georgie are working on something together ?
 That 's nice .
 And guess what ...
 Missy asked me if she could wear a cross .
 She 's in her bedroom saying prayers right now . Hmm .
 I don 't like it .




 Why can 't you just be thankful ?
 Because that 's when life kicks you right in the plums , Mary .
 Dad , where 's your power drill ?

 so we 're going to make a homemade kiln out of a garbage can .
 And there go the plums .
 Are you two trying to burn down the house ?
 No , we 're trying to make platinum out of gravel .
 You 're not building a 2, 000- degree oven .



 but not for your right to make a device that 'll exceed the melting point of lead ?
 GEORGE JR . : Shut up .
 Ooh , " Why can 't you be thankful ? "
 What 's your problem ?
 Mom and Dad won 't let me build a kiln , so Georgie and I can 't finish our experiment .
 Before you tell me , I don 't care what a kiln is .
 Okay , but you 'll never know it 's a high- temperature oven .
 If you 're unhappy , just ask God for help .
 I don 't believe in God .
 ( SHUSHES ) He can hear you .
 He knows if you 've been bad or good .
 Like Santa , but he can send you to hell .
 I 'm not going to ask some magical being to solve my problems .
 I asked him to help me with my batting , and he did .
 There 's a pottery kiln in art class .
 We can use that .
 ( DOOR OPENS )
 Georgie , I figured it out !
 Good job , but that does not count as one of my wishes .
 Why are we being sneaky ?
 I thought you said we have permission .

 and some rat stole it right out of my lunch bag .


 Well , it sure wasn 't me .
 And then I hit it over the right fielder 's head .
 Sounds like you had a good practice .

 BlLLY :
 Missy , will you rub your cross on my bat ?
 No .
 Have you been doing that ?
 On mine .
 It 's working great .
 Please ?
 I 'll give you a dollar .
 Fine .
 What do you think you 're doing ?
 Sharing God 's love and making some cash .
 Absolutely not .
 How about I give you the dollar ?
 God 's love has nothing to do with money .
 What about the collection plate at church ?
 That is different .
 That 's where I found this dollar . Okay .
 ( SlGHS )
 Bye .
 So now we just wait for the concrete dust to dissolve and the lead to melt ?
 That 's exactly right .
 I know .
 I listen .
 And you understand it ? I work in sales .
 I don 't need to know what I 'm talking about to make it sound good .
 Don 't you think it would make you better at your job if you understood the products you were selling ?



 Normal people don 't want to hear facts .
 I 'm normal .
 Are you ?
 No , I 'm special .


 Maybe we didn 't sift out all the rubber .
 I think it 's burning . Okay .
 Okay , calm down .
 I 'll handle it .
 I 'm having difficulty remaining calm .
 Come on , come on , come on , come on .
 ( ALARM RlNGlNG )
 I 'm feeling more calm now .
 What were you thinking ? Well ...
 I don 't want to hear excuses .
 You could 've burned the school down .
 What do you have to say for yourselves ?
 I thought you didn 't want to hear my excuses .
 Oh , no , we didn 't break into the classroom .
 Georgie had permission from the teacher .
 That is not important right now .
 So you think a teacher said it was okay for a ten- year- old and an idiot to use a 2, 000- degree oven unsupervised ?
 You fibber .
 ( GASPS ) You also stole my Nutter Butter .
 Are you mad at me ?
 No .
 You sure ?
 ' Cause that 's how you look when Dad had that breakfast beer .
 To be honest , I 'm a little concerned that I have given you the wrong impression about how prayer works .


 It 's not rocket science .
 Missy , God does not grant wishes .
 So he gave me good luck ?
 ( SlGHS ) It 's not luck .
 Luck is chance , and God has a plan .
 Right , and his plan is to give me what I want when I pray .
 That 's why he 's so cool .
 No . I ...
 I mean , he is cool , but sometimes that might not be his plan .
 Then what 's the point of praying if he 's just gonna do what he wants ?
 You don 't pray to God to get things .
 You pray to build a relationship with him .

 rubbing this thing on my bat and kicking butt .
 Okay , that is it .
 Take it off .

 There are more important things than baseball .
 Now , hand it over .
 God , cover your ears .
 Damn it .
 Missy Cooper !

 Oh , you ...
 Get !
 MARY :
 Lord , I really need you right now .
 I have tried so hard to lead my family to your light , but so far , Sheldon doesn 't believe in you ,
 Missy thinks you 're a magic trick , and you 're not a teenage girl , so Georgie doesn 't think about you at all .
 I never thought I 'd take a cross away from my own child , but what choice did I have ?
 She was rubbing it on sporting equipment .
 I didn 't think there was a wrong way to pray , but leave it to that girl to find one .
 Please give me the strength to keep guiding my family to you .
 I can 't do it on my own . Amen .

 So , how was everybody 's day ?
 ( THROAT CLEARlNG )
 That good , huh ?
 How about we just say grace ?
 You 're gonna ask him to bless the food ? Interesting .
 That is enough .
 Oh , come on .
 How can I appreciate all this tension if I don 't know what it 's about ?
 Mom took my cross away , and I have a game on Saturday .


 She was being sacrilegious .
 Mary , this is sports .
 When something 's working , you do not mess with it .


 Well , how about all the players that kiss their crosses before they go in the batter 's box ?
 They can take it up with their mommies .
 So she 's finally hitting good , and you 're gonna let her go to that game all up in her head ?
 Her relationship with God is more important than getting some hits in a baseball game .


 Takes the heat off us .


 Mary , give her the cross back .
 When she is ready for it , I will .
 I have a bunch of crosses in my jewelry box .
 You can take any one you want .


 And that is exactly why she is not ready .
 Let 's say grace .
 ( MARY SlGHS )
 Bless us , Lord , for the food we are about to receive , and bless the hands that prepared it .
 Amen . ALL :
 Amen .
 I 'm glad we 're no longer in trouble for almost burning the school down .
 MEEMAW :
 Ooh .
 Let 's talk about that .
 ( KNOCKlNG ON DOOR) SHELDON : Georgie .
 Yeah ?
 Are you still interested in getting rich quick ?
 No , I want to do it slow like a chump .
 Oh .
 Never mind .
 Tell me , Sheldon .
 It occurred to me that a good way to generate a positive cash flow would be to curate popular songs and make them available in a digital form .
 Possibly on a small device that could also be used as a phone or even a camera .
 Right .
 A phone , camera , music machine .
 Get out of here .
 Psst .
 Hey , Missy .
 Come here .
 What ?
 I 'm up next .
 I know .
 Here .
 Don 't tell your mother .
 I think I want to do this on my own .
 You sure ?
 Just in case Mom 's right , I don 't want to make God mad .
 UMPlRE : Strike three .
 You 're out .
 All right .
 Go get 'em .
 Strike one !
 Dad !
 GEORGE SR . : Coming !
 Captioning sponsored by CBS
 WARNER BROS .
 TELEVlSION
 Captioned by Media Access Group at WGBH access . wgbh . org
