

 You 'll let me have your redraft on establishment levels by Thursday ?
 You need it that early ?
 I don 't need it that early , but the Minister has to read it before facing the select committee .
 What makes it harder , he has to remember it .
 Harder still , he has to understand it .
 Incidentally , did you write the Minister 's Washington speech ?
 Yes , Sir Humphrey .
 - Splendid .
 Well done .
 - Thank you , Sir Humphrey . The Minister 's in now .
 Good .
 Right , thank you all .
 Have you enjoyed having your Minister away for a week ?
 Not very much .
 Makes things very difficult .
 Ah , Bernard !
 A Minister 's absence is a godsend !
 You can do the job properly for once .
 No silly questions , no bright ideas , no fussing about the papers .
 I think our Minister doesn 't believe he exists unless he 's in the papers .
 I 'll bet the first thing he says is , " Any reports on my Washington speech ? "
 - How much ?
 - A pound . Done .
 He won 't because he 's already asked !
 In the car on the way back from Heathrow .
 You 're learning , Bernard .
 Sit down . See why a Minister 's absence is a good thing ?
 - Yes , but so much work piles up .
 - There we are . With a couple of days ' briefing before he goes and debriefing after , he 's out of our hair for a fortnight .

 If he complains of being uninformed , say it came up while he was away .
 Hence so many summit conferences ?
 That 's the only way the country works !
 Concentrate all the power at Number 10 then send the PM away to EEC summits , NATO summits , Commonwealth summits , anywhere !
 Then the Cabinet Secretary can run the country properly .
 We ought to see him now .
 What do you think of the Washington speech ?
 " British administration as a model of loyalty and efficiency .
 " A ruthless war on waste , cutting bureaucracy to the bone .
 - " Britain can teach the world ! "
 - Can we prove it ? A good speech isn 't one where we can prove he 's telling the truth .
 It 's one in which nobody else can prove he 's lying !
 But even so , I 'm sure it was good , but I just wondered whether it was boring for the audience .
 Of course it was boring !
 Bored the pants of them !
 Ghastly to have to sit through it , I should think !
 Ministers ' speeches aren 't written for the audience .
 Aren 't they ?
 Delivering a speech is just a formality you go through to get into the papers .
 We can 't worry about entertaining . We 're not writing for a comedian .
 Well , not a professional one !
 The point is the speech said the right things .
 - But why say it in public ?
 - It 's vital .
 Once it 's printed , the Minister has to defend us in select committees .
 - He defends us anyway .
 - Well ... only to a point , Bernard .
 Once something goes wrong , the Minister 's first instinct is to rat on his department .
 We must nail his trousers to the mast .
 - You mean nail his colours ?
 - No , his trousers .
 Then he can 't climb down !
 Come on .
 - Welcome home , Minister !
 - Hello , Humphrey .
 Bernard , didn 't you say there were some press cuttings on my speech ?
 Yes , I put them in the box , Minister .
 Minister , you do realise the importance of tomorrow 's hearing ?
 Indeed .
 The press will be there . It 's not just a question of the press .
 It 's a scrutiny of this department 's future operation .
 If it emerged that we were extravagant or incompetent ...
 - Are we extravagant or incompetent ?
 - Of course not . But there are hostile members , especially the one for Derbyshire .
 - No ! Betty Oldham won 't be there ?
 - Yes , alas .
 I urge you to master this brief , and ask if you have any problems .
 Another brief ?
 I 've only just mastered one .
 Really ?
 What was in it ?
 I can 't remember .
 So difficult to concentrate on a plane , all those drinks and movies .
 - And they wake you up .
 - Of course , Minister .
 Frightfully difficult to concentrate if you keep being woken up .
 Seriously , this is the only brief with possible questions from the committee with appropriate answers carefully presented to give our position .

 Is it absolutely accurate ?
 They 're carefully presented to give our position .
 These committees are important .
 I cannot be seen to mislead them . You will not be seen to mislead them .
 - The truth ?
 - And nothing but .
 - The whole truth ?
 - Of course not . - We tell them we keep secrets ?
 - Indeed not !
 Why not ?
 " He that would keep a secret must keep it secret ,
 " that he hath the secret to keep . "

 Who said that ?
 It was Sir Humphrey .
 - Who said it originally ?
 - Francis Bacon , wasn 't it ?
 Oh , yes .
 Why can 't we go anywhere without briefs ?
 In case they get caught with their trousers down .
 Trousers down !
 Pick them ... ! Very droll , Bernard .
 - Are we going to be interrupted ?
 - Your diary 's empty today .
 What was in that submission I read ?
 More or less a rehash of last year 's report .
 And the year before ?
 And the year before that ? Yes , ever since 1867 .

 With appropriate alterations .
 Shall we go through it ? Must we ?
 I 'm still jet- lagged .
 All the press will be there .
 Right , let 's get down to it .
 The fact is that the Department of Administrative Affairs is run to a high standard of efficiency and supports and services the administrative work of all Government departments , as we 've said in our submission .

 Thank you , Minister .
 Questions ? - Mrs Oldham ?
 - Thank you .
 Minister , have you heard of Malcolm Rhodes ?
 No .
 He was assistant secretary in the DAA until he resigned last year .
 There are 23, 000 people in the DAA .
 But he resigned or was eased out .
 Became a management consultant and has just written a book - this is an advance proof - in which he makes astounding allegations of waste of public money , particularly in your department .

 Could I have a word with my officials , Mr Chairman ?
 - Know about this ?
 - Not about the book .
 - Who is Rhodes ?
 - He 's a trouble- maker .
 - What 's in the book ?
 - Don 't know . - What do I do ?

 - Stall . " Stall " , meaning avoiding answer .
 Yes , I know what stall means !
 You 've sent me into a typhoon without even an umbrella !
 An umbrella 's no use in wind ...
 Shut up , Bernard !
 Have you had sufficient consultation with your officials ?
 I ...
 Let me read you some scandalous facts Mr Rhodes reveals , and I quote , " No 4 supply depot in Herefordshire ,
 " two former aircraft hangars used only for stores
 " but which are centrally- heated to 70 degrees day and night . "
 - What do you say about that ?
 - I can 't answer without prior notice .
 - It might not be true .
 - It is .
 I checked .
 What reason can there be for such appalling extravagance ?
 Some materials deteriorate at low temperatures , depending on what it is .
 Copper wire .
 Yes , well ... copper wire ?
 It can corrode in damp conditions .
 It 's plastic- coated .
 Plastic- coated ?
 I ...
 Plastic- coated ?
 I 'll certainly have it looked into .
 He says you insist on ordering all pens , pencils , paperclips and so on centrally , then distributing them against departmental requisitions .
 That seems to be quite sensible .
 Savings through bulk purchase .
 He demonstrates that this is four times more expensive than if officers bought what they want on the High Street .
 Very interesting .
 If so , we 'll change the system .
 We 're not a rigid bureaucracy .
 He said he proposed this change when he was in your department , and it was turned down as people were used to the existing procedure .
 - How 's that for rigid bureaucracy ?
 - I 'll have it looked into .
 - " Looked into " ?
 - Yes !
 You said in your Washington speech last week that you conducted a war on waste and could teach the world a lesson .
 How do you reconcile that with spending £75, 000 on a roof garden on top of the supplementary benefits office in Kettering ?


 I 'm ...
 I 'll ... - Have it looked into ?
 - Yes !
 Yes , I will ! The DAA 's Permanent Secretary is due to appear next week .

 Isn 't he the appropriate person to answer the questions ?
 Thank you .
 See that Sir Humphrey 's notified .
 Perhaps you might let him see the allegations ?
 " Allegations of Government waste " ?
 " Big questions to answer " ?
 - You 've put me in a difficult position !
 - What about me ? ! The PM 's demanding economies , and we 've been wasting all this money !
 No one 's been saving anything , you should know that !
 They look as though they have .
 - Couldn 't you have stalled ?
 - Stalled ? Blurred things a bit .

 - You 're good at blurring the issue .
 - What ? You have a considerable talent for making things unintelligible .
 - I beg your pardon ! - I mean that as a compliment .
 Blurring the issue is one of the basic ministerial skills .
 And the others ?
 Delaying decisions , dodging questions , juggling figures , bending facts and concealing errors .
 What was I to do ?
 Make it look like you 'd do something and do nothing .
 Like you usually do .
 - But if these revelations are true ...
 - Exactly , Minister , " if " . You could have discussed truth .
 The committee isn 't interested in truth .
 They 're all MPs !
 - What about a security matter ?
 - HB pencils a security matter ? !
 Depends what you write with them !
 Why build roof gardens on top of offices ?
 We took over the office design from an American company , and it happens that nobody noticed the roof gardens on the plan .
 God !
 It 's a tiny mistake anyone could make .
 Tiny mistake , £75, 000 ?
 Give me an example of a big mistake ?
 Letting people find out about it !
 Why are we heating sheds full of wire ?
 - You want the truth ?
 - If it 's no trouble .
 The staff are using the sheds for growing mushrooms .
 Stop them !
 They 've been doing it since 1945 .
 It 's the only perk in an extremely boring job .
 What about Rhodes 's proposals for stationery ?
 He was a trouble- maker and crank , unhealthily obsessed with efficiency .
 Why didn 't we adopt his proposals and save millions ?
 - Yes , but a lot of work to implement .
 - So ? - Taking on more staff .
 - Humphrey !
 - Disprove it .
 - I can 't , obviously .
 - Exactly !
 - Making it up ?
 - Of course .
 - Why ? As an example of how to handle a select committee .
 Sir Humphrey , let 's get down to details .
 - This heated aircraft hangar .
 - Indeed .
 I do understand your concern , but it gets frightfully cold in Herefordshire .
 - Even civil servants ...
 - We aren 't talking about civil servants .
 We 're talking coils of wire plastic- coated to keep them warm !
 - Staff are in and out all the time .
 - Why ? Taking deliveries , making withdrawals , checking records , fire inspections ...

 - They can wear gloves , can 't they ?
 - But it 's a staff welfare policy .
 I suggest this policy is costing the taxpayer millions !

 Nothing to say ?
 I can 't comment on Government policy .
 - But you advise the Minister .
 - I can 't disclose how I advise him .
 - The Minister 's responsible for policy .
 - All right . We 'll ask the Minister .

 What about stationery savings ?
 It would 've meant considerable Government patronage on junior staff .
 " Considerable Government patronage " ?
 Buying a packet of paperclips ?
 It 's Government policy to exercise strict control over who can spend its money .
 It 's common sense to let people buy their own paperclips .
 Government policy is nothing to do with common sense .

 Don 't you think it 's time the policy was changed ?
 Well , Sir Humphrey ?
 I can 't comment on Government policy .
 Ask the Minister . The Minister advises us to ask you .
 I 'm advising you to ask the Minister .
 - When does this end ?
 - As soon as you like . Let 's come to the roof garden .
 Yes , with pleasure .
 This was part of a wide variety of roof insulation schemes , which the Government was testing in the interest of fuel economy .
 But £75, 000 !
 It was thought the sale of vegetable produce might offset the cost .
 And did it ?
 - No .
 - Then why not abandon the garden ?
 It 's there now , insulating the roof , and we aren 't building any more .
 But you 've wasted £75, 000 !
 All proposals were tested for fuel saving .
 At this fantastic waste of taxpayers ' money ?
 You agree it was wasted ?
 I can 't comment on Government policy .
 Ask the Minister .
 Look , whatever we ask the Minister , he says is a question for you .
 Whatever we ask you , you say is a question for the Minister !
 - How do we find out what 's going on ?
 - Yes , I see there is a dilemma here .
 While the Government regards policy as the responsibility of Ministers and administration as the responsibility of officials , questions of administrative policy cause confusion between the policy of administration and the administration of policy , especially when responsibility for the policy of administration conflicts with responsibility for the policy of administration of policy .



 That 's a load of meaningless drivel .
 Isn 't it ?
 I can 't comment on Government policy .
 You must ask the Minister .
 - A great help !
 - I did my best . Best for yourself , perhaps ! But your answers solved nothing .
 We 'll both be there , getting the third degree from that committee .
 We 've got to have the same answers !
 - Let 's establish our position .
 - What are the facts ? The facts are neither here nor there !


 I see .
 What 's our position ?
 We choose one of the five standard excuses to deal with each allegation .
 Five standard excuses ?
 First , the excuse we used in the Anthony Blunt case :
 " There 's an explanation for everything ,
 " but security forbids its disclosure . "
 Second , the excuse we used for comprehensive schools :
 " Because of budget cuts , supervisory resources went beyond their limits . "
 - That 's not true , is it ?
 - But it 's a good excuse .
 Then there 's the excuse for Concorde :
 " A worthwhile experiment , now abandoned ,
 " but not before it had provided much valuable data and employment . "
 But that is true , isn 't it ?
 Oh , no , of course it isn 't .
 Four , there 's the excuse for the Munich Agreement :
 " It occurred before important facts were known and couldn 't re- occur . "
 What important facts ?
 That Hitler wanted to conquer Europe .
 - I thought everybody knew that !
 - Not the Foreign Office .
 - Five ?
 - Five ... The Charge of the Light Brigade excuse :
 " An unfortunate lapse by an individual ,
 " dealt with under internal disciplinary procedures . "
 - That covers everything ?
 - Just about , so far .
 - Even wars ?
 - Small wars .
 - It 's real teamwork from now on .
 - United we stand , divided we fall !
 Minister , you 're due at the House .
 The PM 's adviser wants you to pop in for a drink .
 Sir Mark Spencer . - Mark Spencer ?
 - I suggested 5 . 30 ?
 Fine , yes .
 Oh , dear . I knew there 'd be trouble .
 The PM wants to know why our replies have been so feeble .
 Perhaps it 's just for a drink .
 They don 't ask you for a drink just because you 're thirsty !
 I 'll meet you back here at 6 . 30 , and we 'll cook up a story .
 - Agree our position , Minister .
 - That 's what I said .
 ( KNOCK AT DOOR )
 Come in !
 Hello , Jim .
 - Scotch ?
 - Thanks . - How are things going ?

 - Fine .
 That select committee was a shock , throwing the book at us , but everything 's under control and Humphrey and I can explain it .
 The PM shouldn 't worry .
 I 'd like to know where Malcolm Rhodes got all his information .
 And who gave the proofs to Betty Oldham ?
 The PM must be livid . It 's no fault of mine .
 - Why do you think the PM 's livid ?
 - Surely ... ? Let 's look at the situation logically .

 Sit down .
 Yes .
 Of course . Let me ask you some questions .

 What is the PM trying to achieve in public expenditure ?
 - Cuts , obviously .
 - Why so little success ?
 - Obstruction from the civil service ?
 - Are all the Cabinet committed to it ?
 - I think so .
 I certainly am .
 - But no Minister 's made any cuts .
 - Rome wasn 't built in a day .
 - No . It 's because all the Ministers have gone native .
 - Surely ... ?
 - The civil service has trained them !
 Well , maybe true ...
 Certainly not of me !
 If a Minister were really trying to cut expenditure , how would he react to a book exposing Government waste ?
 - I should think he 'd ...
 - Mmm ?

 It would depend ...
 What are you trying to say ?
 Know what the civil service say ?
 You 're a pleasure to work with .
 Oh !

 Oh ...
 That 's what Barbara Woodhouse says about her spaniels .
 Sir Humphrey said you 're worth your weight in gold .
 What does that suggest to you ?
 That I 've failed utterly ?
 You look as if you need another Scotch .
 The PM isn 't pleased with my performance at the committee .
 - I failed to cover up the failure .
 - On the contrary . because you 're covering up too well .
 Don 't you see ?
 You 're protecting the civil service .
 The PM and I are doing our best to expose why cuts in expenditure are not taking place .
 And you are helping the civil service to defy the Government .
 Am I ?
 You were wondering where Betty Oldham got the proofs and where Malcolm Rhodes got that inside information .
 Can 't you guess ?
 ( WHlSPERS ) You mean ... the PM ?
 Of course not !
 Not directly .

 ( WHlSPERS ) You mean ... you ?
 What am I to do at the select committee ?
 There 's only one course open to you .
 Absolute loyalty .

 Who to ?
 That 's your decision .
 It was an error that occurred before important facts were known .
 I assure you it is an oversight that couldn 't possibly happen again .
 - Wouldn 't you agree , Minister ?
 - Perfectly correct .
 The correct official reply .
 But I 've been thinking very deeply over the last few days , and there 's no doubt that this committee is on to something .
 Of course there 's waste .
 And excuses can always be found in individual cases .
 But you have convinced me our approach is wrong .
 Ministers and their civil servants so often cover up and defend where they should seek out and destroy .
 I 've spoken to Mr Rhodes , author of this invaluable book , and he 'll head an independent enquiry into the field of administration , starting with my department .

 And how does Sir Humphrey react to this ?
 Sir Humphrey is in complete agreement with me .
 We work as a team .
 I must say , he 's a pleasure to work with .
 But this account of what 's been going on doesn 't square with your Washington speech about a war on waste .
 Well , I 'm an old- fashioned sort of chap , Betty , and I believe in a thing called loyalty .
 Whatever you say in private you defend in public , eh , Humphrey ?
 In that case , aren 't you being disloyal now ?
 No .
 I believe a Minister has a higher loyalty .
 A loyalty to Parliament and the nation .
 And that loyalty must be paramount , however hard and painful that may be .
 Of course , one is loyal to one 's department and officials , until the evidence is overwhelming , but I must say in public , that reforms can and will take place , and I know I shall find in Sir Humphrey my staunchest ally .


 Isn 't that so , Humphrey ?
 ( CROAKS ) Yes , Minister .
 Yes , Minister . - A big help !
 - I did my best . The best for yourself ! This is your idea of teamwork ?

 Amusing !
 - I had to do it .
 - Had to do what ?
 Cravenly admit everything to them ?
 Don 't you realise how calamitous this is for us ?
 - Not both of us , I hope .
 - You hope in vain .
 We 're up in arms , with very little confidence in you .
 As for Number 10 , I shudder to think how the PM will react to your public admission of failure .
 A personal letter from the Prime Minister .
 I did warn you , Minister .
 Bernard , you should give some thought to drafting a face- saving letter of resignation for the Minister .
 " Dear Jim ... "
 " Dear Jim " ?
 " We haven 't seen enough of each other lately .
 " Are you free for lunch at Chequers on Sunday ?
 " We shall just be the family .
 I look forward to seeing you . "
 I don 't think I ... ?
 It has paid off !
 A conspiracy !
 That drink with Mark Spencer ! " ... not seen enough ...
 Lunch at Chequers ... "
 It 's hand- written ! Do you realise how much it 's worth ?
 I believe the going rate is thirty pieces of silver !
 No , Humphrey .
 Loyalty and integrity have received their just rewards .
 Loyalty ? !
 I have backed you up the same way you have always backed me up .
 Isn 't that so ?
 Sorry ?
 Did you say something ?
 I think he said , " Yes , Minister . " http : // episode- heaven . rt . hu
