Tell you, if xenon emits ultraviolet light then those dark matter discoveries are wrong
yeah if slow moving xenon glows then you 're right
In that case, pigs will fly and my ass will spray marshmallows, and The Phantom Crisis will become a classic handed down from generation to generation (the first episode of Star Wars)
Oh you 're still so arrogant
If you were a superhero then you must be called Captain Ego
Do you know what your superpower would be?
conceited light
you are wrong again
If my superpower is Ego Ray, I 'll have to be called Dr. Ego
I love watching Raj and Sheldon work together
Yeah, it 's like the aliens and the predators sell fruit and vegetable juice together
Did you notice that you missed an important point?
If you look up the neutron scattering data . . .
- Oh P enny P enny - What 's the matter?
It 's okay, I just want to shut up Raj
No, no, he won.
I was about to ask if you wanted dessert but I know S heldon doesn 't have dessert on Tuesdays
Even if Raj wanted him, he couldn 't speak
Howard doesn 't order anything but he 's going to give a lot of reviews including pies and cheesecake
Leonard is lactose intolerant and he can 't eat anything else his bowels will be bloated

I can have a fruit platter later
Do you want a fruit platter ?
- Is there a cantaloupe in it? - Yes
No, I don 't eat cantaloupe
Howard, look up, your ex-girlfriend is coming to work
When was the last time you saw her?
We disappeared after we broke up
What should I do?
Sleek and relaxed?
Be friendly and casual? Be cold and distant?
hi guys
OK
I think you chose to be poor and scared
What a wise decision -= Eden Subtitles http://ytet.org/=- honored
Translation: Grandpa Rice Proofreading: Grandpa Season 4 Episode 4

darling we meet again

hello howard
I miss you so much I miss you too Katee Sackhoff (Captain in 'Battlestar Galactica')

ask a question
ask
We 're all in bed, why am I still in costume? Why are you in bed with me?
If that 's what you 're asking, it 's over

I am sorry
Bully me H oward my waist wants you
Okay, come if you want
Howard see my tights?
No mom! I can 't find it, I 'm running out of time for the weight loss party
Maybe it killed itself! Don 't bother me!
Ok, where are we? You should tear my uniform with your teeth

B e r n a d e t t e !
Why are you here? You want me to tell you because you saw me tonight

No
You 're not. Based on past experience, we 're done now.
I 'm a little confused right now
oh my god can i help ?
not that mess
How is George Takei here? ('Star Trek' as Helmsman)
Howard are you gay?
of course not
whatever you say
but i 'm here
George I ask you something
How to get rid of the original shadow as a symbol of science fiction drama?
It 's hard oh you try your best to act out what Strindberg and O 'Neal wrote they just want 'The course is set captain'

Isn 't it so depressing?
Wait, Katee, why are you leaving?
It 's because you want to be with me more
Howard I found the tights in the dryer
Very good mom !
I think it shrunk I wear it like a michelin
I have that picture in my head, it seems like there 's no drama tonight
You never said how you and Bernadette got along
I was stupid
I guess that 's what I did to keep me from facing her
That includes farting in bed and killing homeless people

gosh you crushed the homeless man
no don 't ask
ok so you wanna get back with her but you 're ashamed to face her because of what you did wrong


Roughly the same
So how about that? Kidnap Bernadette from the theater in a scary mask so she won 't recognize you
I don 't know if you 're joking
you 're just being rude
Why can 't I even have a table?
Our cooperation is limited to ideas
we don 't need a table
But you have
- That 's right - but I can 't have
Right twice
Why can 't he have a table?
oh my god there 's no end to it
I don 't have the money in my budget for office supplies but you have the money for a drawer of candy bars, marshmallow guns, and a super efficient ant farm with glow-in-the-dark sand?
right
Well, he bought the head office himself, right?
- Buy the head office for myself - this is ridiculous
- Why? - Because . . .

What ?
that 's my office
- S heldon - okay okay
he can buy
I can still put it in your office
You really give some sunshine and it 's bright
Why did you buy Luminous Ant Farm? Their night work is fun too

can still wear

Penny?
Penny?
Penny?

Penny?
Would you still open the door if you knew it was me?
Not because I found a camera hidden in the teddy bear you gave me
I just have a question Did Bernadette mention me?

- Oh yes- is there?
Yesterday she asked 'Why is Howard hiding under the table?'

Did she see it?
Oh didn 't see it at first but I told her

I 'll ask you one more thing
Does she have a partner now?
As far as I know no
Now that we 've talked about this, why did you two break up?
Oh forget it
Howard if you want me to help I need to know what 's going on
- But that 's embarrassing - let 's hear it even more
Well, do you know about World of Warcraft?
online games? know
Did you know that the characters in the game can have sex?
oh my god i seem to understand
Her name is Troll Satsuki
Bernadette happened to bump into us doing that under the bridge of souls

Oh yes it 's really embarrassing
Can you talk to her?
Bernadette or the troll?
B ernadette she was so angry she wouldn 't listen to my explanation
So how do you explain it?
Everyone knows that the troll Satsuki is not a real woman
She could be a fifty-year-old truck driver in New Jersey
Is that right? She wouldn 't forgive her for saying that?
Can you tell me if she wants to get back with me?
Howard I don 't want to get involved
That 's right, I 'm just a lonely otaku who lives with my mother and wants to get even a little bit of happiness
Maybe that 's why my dad left me when I was 11
Well I think about it I keep blaming myself for this
I always feel like I 'm not the kind of son he wants
I said I 'd think about it, I 'm not strong or even a little sick

That 's enough, I 'll call her now

thanks
Which means Howard asked Penny to do Bernadette 's job, she went to Bernadette and agreed to have coffee with her

- have a question- what?
Why are you telling me this?
do not know
Sometimes your movements are so lifelike I can 't help but think of you as a real person

You said I could buy a table
where is the table
This is the monster of the great country
That 's what you Americans call the big table ?
That 's what the British say
Can you repeat it?
adult country
say it again
adult country
Say it three times in a row
adults , adults . . .
How did you get in?
It 's only me, Ramon Julio Jesus and Rodrigo, you can check it yourself
alright, I got it
This prank is quite humorous
get me out


- can 't- can 't- can 't- can
S heldon I have three brothers and two sisters I can talk all day
If you don 't move, I 'll move
please




help me move my desk
- No - OK
No, it 's too 'adult'
what do you want it for
its size and purpose are highly disproportionate
Just to make you angry

Okay I figured out this childish revenge has begun and it 's about to get worse

- You did a great job - thanks for the compliment
wait for me to greet you
S h e l d o n ?
- What? ( Yes ) - No ( No )
See it? Changed it again



sorry i got some punch cards
It does not matter
How have you been recently?
Fortunately, I 'm very busy, I have to go to school and work.
- How about you? - Still the same.
In the summer I went to learn to dive and I found out that I am afraid of the ocean
Really bad
Do you have any acquaintances who want to buy wetsuits? Kids size

Forget it, no big deal
Do you have a boyfriend?
Honestly I . . .
Hey, how are you two talking? Would you like a drink?
- I don 't have to thank you - me too
How about something to eat?
- wait a minute - ok
So do you have a boyfriend?
- No- that 's what I said when he asked me
hope you don 't mind
It 's okay, Penny, can we talk alone?
Excuse me
So do you have a girlfriend?
you know man
We all have needs, so you have a girlfriend?
not a real girl
Do you mean lewd demon Xiaoyueyue?

- You guys are thirsty. I brought some iced tea. - Thank you.
Passion fruit flavored new product
- I know I work here too - sorry
Are you right about Howard splitting up with the trolls?
Can 't you go somewhere else to cool off?
Can 't be where you can 't hear
Forget it, I admit that the Internet is a dark and shameful little corner
There 's someone whispering Wolowizard the only reason I 'm there
It 's because I don 't have a real woman in real life
Are you happy? Okay, enough for me to have fun
Howard the real woman
Wasn 't it in the room next door to you and you hit the troll 's head there
yes but we haven 't yet . . .
- I mean we never...
- Had sex? - Right- whose fault is this?
Complimentary Corn Flakes !
enjoy your meal
never had sex? wow
What do you mean by that?
We could have done but you didn 't take the initiative
I didn 't expect you to want me to take the initiative. Howard, the average girl wouldn 't date someone like you. Look at your face. . . your floral shirt and your leggings
Unless the woman wants you to take the initiative
- really
I 'm going
I just got a bit of a misunderstanding, my manager said that corn flakes can 't be given away casually.
So . . . we 'll settle the bill when we 're done. We had a good chat and we 're going to reconnect again.

oh congratulations
Did you tell the troll?
Did P enny tell you? Not what Steve Patterson said
The fat bastard in charge of logistics?
right
How did he know? He 's the troll Satsuki, sorry the incubator is in my area
If you don 't turn off your crazy Indian music, I 'll make it as hot as Mumbai
I 'll turn off the music when you get rid of that salmonella parakeet!
Oh what a tragedy!
S heldon is afraid of birds!
Hey look S heldon! Little bird, little bird, little bird!
Enough! Let the marshmallow punish you!
Eat my flame gun!

all in all
It 's great that you and Bernadette got back together
Well I want to take her to play miniature golf
It 's like normal golf to you guys
Joke about height? Really?
You 're less than a centimeter taller than me
yeah don 't forget

I had a great time and so did I
kiss her goodbye



Okay, stick your tongue out, don 't be in such a hurry
We just rekindled the romance
Don 't let the exchange of saliva ruin the moment

don 't listen to him what she wants
stick out tongue

did you see ?

Take action
in a hurry
trust me she 's ready
No, no, no, no, no, women like it. The process should take it slow.

How would you know?
I study
It 's time to listen to my Howard
act fast
What are you doing ?
Did you say you want me to take the initiative to remember?
not now
We are dating again, I have to get to know you first
No, it 's still me
Strong man in floral shirt and leggings
be patient we will have it

You see

What the hell does it taste like?


What 's the matter? What are you doing?
I am making hydrogen sulfide and ammonia
Just the pest control experiment didn 't work dude I grew up in India
In our place, cows are walking on the street, and no one will have a stomachache.
It 's up to you how long you can hold on
Then see what your poison does to my apple scented candle
Didn 't you say to do hydrogen sulfide?
- Right- isn 't that flammable?
very flammable
Oh my God
we 're not done
Translation: A Gong Fan Special Proofreading: A Gong
Subtitles in this forum are only for translation and learning purposes. Any commercial use is prohibited. Otherwise, the consequences will be at your own risk- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Genius Theory Season 4 Episode 4 Ended
