The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes
Season 2 Episode 5
redheads


Oh sorry Holmes
no no
You came at the right time I 'm afraid you are busy
I 'm really busy Dr. Watson is just like me about all the unconventional things in life.
have a strong interest, can not say
Is this a criminal case
But like you
I also know very little about Mr. Jay Beats Wilson
Except for a few obvious things, he did some physical work for a while
He has been to China on snuff and he recently
wrote a lot
My goodness
What are you doing, Mr. Holmes
It 's true that I did physical work
I started with the carpenter on the boat doing your hand my sir
Your right hand is more muscular than your left. What about writing?
What could be more obvious than that five inches of the cuff on the right hand is polished and shiny
And the elbow on the left sleeve has a patch that has been ground down
So that 's it. . . What about China?
fish tattoo on his right wrist
mr wilson i have a little research on tattoos
even have a literary contribution to this
The coloring technique of this fish is a delicate pink color that is only available in China and I saw a Chinese coin
It 's even easier on his bracelet oh I never . . .
I thought it was something chic at first
But now there 's nothing
if i 'm too candid
may lose prestige
. . . what is unknown is magic (Latin proverb) things become mundane once explained
Watson, this is a very lax translation
Oh please show the doctor that ad
Oh there you can read for yourself Mr. to Redhead will respond to Pennsylvania, USA
The Last Wish of the late Lebanese Iska Hopkins now has a vacant membership position in the Redheads
Wages are £4 per week Only nominal work Any red-haired male who is physically and mentally healthy
At least 21 years old
Candidates are required to be in person at Mr. Duncan Ross by Monday at 11:00am
The Redhead Office Comes to 7 Fleet Street
is this real ?
This ad is a bit unusual. Hey Watson, can you record the content and date of this paper?
Saturday Evening Post, April 27th This is two months ago, please take a seat
all right mr wilson
you can tell us more about you
oh ok gentlemen i have a small pawn shop on sachs kerberg street near downtown
Not a big deal just to make ends meet
I used to hire two assistants but now there 's only one left
To be honest I was going to pay the full wage
But in fact he is willing to take only half of the salary to learn the craft
about two months ago . . .
What 's the name of this helpful young man? Vincent. . . Vincent. Spalding
Oh but he 's not young Mr. Holmes
It 's hard to say how old he is
But I can 't find a smarter assistant
i don 't know your assistant
Is it as good as your ad
Oh but he does have his bad parts
he 's a photographer
not motivated
Always take his camera around and shoot around
And then ran into the basement and tossed those things
But overall he 's a good worker with no vices
He was the first person to show me this ad



I wish I were a redhead Mr. Wilson
why ?
There is a vacancy here
president of the redhead
i never heard of
I think you are the right person
The pay is good, hundreds of pounds a year and the job is easy

Oh, there 'll be thousands of redheads applying for jobs
I don 't believe it, sir
The Lord gave you your hair, Mr. Wilson, but I don 't think it 's worth it
Going to ask for trouble for this mere few hundred pounds
ok sir i am a stay at home person
Sometimes for weeks without going out
But this looks interesting
Piqued my interest . . . and little Vincent
Said he would go with me
So we closed the store on Monday morning
let 's go
Vincent, let 's go back
I can 't stand so many people
be brave mr wilson
we 're almost there
follow me



hello hello . . . please be quiet
Gentlemen

Here . . . what are you doing here?
hey get out
eh. . eh. . .
You can go. You 're next in.
hey where are you going? go straight this way
this is mr wilson
come in, mr wilson



very suitable

meet every requirement
very quiet
congratulations mr wilson
It wouldn 't be fair to hesitate at this point.
I 'm sure you 'll forgive my prudence with tears in your eyes
As I expected (with real hair)
we have to be careful
Twice tricked into wigs and once dyed I can also tell you some tricks with shoe wax
Will definitely make you hate human nature. My name is Duncan. Ross and mine is in the name of this noble benefactor.
pensioner
I see you 're asking me about Mr. Eschke Guya Hopkins
He has red hair himself
He left London for America when he was young
Here he made millions
After his death it was found that he asked for it in his will
The custodian wants . . . the red-haired man in the town where he was born
Live a little easier with wonderful colors
what is your full name mr wilson jay beats wilson
Jay Beats Wilson Are you married? Mr Wilson are you married? No I am a widower
no i never had a family
oh my god it hurts to hear you say that
This fund is for reproduction
redhead
Also to maintain blood vessels
In other words, this may be a fatal flaw
But I think we have to make an exception
For a redhead like you
This position has been filled
This position is filled
please leave now
very sorry
please leave








Ok, when can you come to work?
oh it 's a bit difficult because i 'm in business
What are the working hours? Ten in the morning to two in the afternoon
Well I 'm free in the morning and I have an assistant
ok this works fine for me
And the salary mentioned is £4 a week.
What about the job? It 's just a name
Okay but what do you mean by nominal?
you must stay in this office
At least stay in this building and if you leave you 'll lose your job
This is clearly written in the will
oh i don 't want to leave there can 't be any excuse to be sick business or something
You either stay here or lose the job and I 'm pretty clear on this point
But what is the specific job?
Your job is to copy the Encyclopedia Britannica
This is the first book
You need to bring your own pen and ink
We will provide tables and chairs
So can you start work next Monday?
Oh yes of course you can
Then again, congratulations, Mr. Wilson, you 're lucky

got this important position

what a nice hair
goodbye mr wilson
well done mr wilson well done this way faster sir
Oh
here
When I get home and think about the whole thing
feel very absurd
why ?
Who would make such an unusual will?
Since such a generous millionaire
Even let you bring your own pen and ink
That 's right, Mr. Holmes.
I quickly convinced myself that this must be a big hoax
But on Monday morning I feel so stupid to turn down such a good job
So I bought a penny ink
Went there with a pen and seven sheets of writing paper



good morning mr wilson welcome
Good morning
I was very surprised that
everything goes well
The table has been tidied up
And Mr. Duncan was there to make sure I was clear about the job
My work has officially started
The hours are very fixed and the work starts at 10 am and ends at 2 pm
There 's a short lunch break for dinner at 12:30 noon. Every Saturday at 2:00 pm, Mr. Ross will come over to pay me
Compliment me on the amount of work done
Then we leave together
Mr. Ross will lock the door at the end
I find artichokes really attractive they bloom but . . . I find it interesting . . .
See you in the morning, this work is very interesting
A bacus ( abacus ) ( all the following are terms )
A bbey ( abbey )
Architecture
Actsothe A postles Acts of the Apostles
A dulteration ( adulteration )
A natomy ( anatomy )
A pes ( ape )

A quaducts (Quad: a temple in Rome) After eight weeks I almost solved the letter A
When you want to go non-stop to the starting letter 'B'
suddenly this morning
The whole thing came to an abrupt end
I went to work as usual but the door was closed and locked and there was a small square card on the door pinned to the center of the door panel
(The Redhead Club will be disbanded from today)
oh excuse me
Did you see Mr. Duncan Ross this morning?
Ross . . . Ross ?
Never heard the name Mr.
I have a good memory
yes very good . . . not wrong
Not this guy in room 7
Ah . . a red-haired gentleman?
Yes Yes
oh yes yes . . . gone
gone ?
Mr. William Morris is a lawyer and he 's borrowing my room temporarily
Until his new office is ready
Moved out yesterday and paid all the money
Mr. Morris, where can I find him?
in his new office
William Morris . . .
17 King Edward Street
near St Paul 's Church
oh thank you







( Knee Pad Manufacturer )

I don 't think it 's funny
I can go somewhere else if you just laugh at me
No, Mr. Wilson, please sit down. I 'm not going to miss this case anyway.

it 's very unusual

I 'm outraged by this scam
So I came to you directly, sir, you are famous
Willing to help those in trouble
Mr Wilson
you know mr wilson i don 't think you should complain
this special association
Contrary to this you have a good salary not to mention getting all the words that start with the letter A
Yes but why are they teasing me like this?
That 's what I want to know
How long has this assistant of yours been with you?
How did he come to you in about 3 months? After seeing the ad
Is he the only one applying? Why did 12 other people choose him?

He 's quick and cheap
In fact, only half the wages

What kind of person is this Vincent Spalding?
Oh he 's tall and strong
And he 's agile
no beard
There is a scar on the forehead that has been splattered with sulfuric acid
Well, have you ever observed his ears?
Is it pierced through the ear?
yes yes he told me he was a gypsy
Dressed for him when he was young
he 's still with you now? yes i just left him mr wilson if i need you
Will you be in your store?
I thought about lunch time today
Out of business because Vincent suggested me
Spend the weekend with my sister in Barkin
This whole deal is frustrating me, so you have a relaxing weekend in Balkin it 's Saturday
We 'll give you an answer on Monday
The question of charges . . .
don 't worry about this
I 'm sure someone else will pay
have a nice day mr wilson
What do you think is going on, Watson?
I have no clue
It 's the most mysterious deal
behind this
There must be a bigger conspiracy
So what are you going to do?
smokes
I 'm going to smoke three pipes before I fix this
And I beg you not to talk to me for 50 minutes


The redhead thing is over, Mr.
I believe it will be perfect
I am pleased to report to you very well
very good






gone watson

I am sorry
Can you tell me how to get to the Strand from here?
U. . . Turn right at the third intersection and turn left at the fourth intersection
thanks
Sherlock Holmes, I can tell you where to go, that 's right, Watson.
what is this for ?
And why are you hitting the pavement with a stick?
Wilson, we 're spying on enemy territory







this is one of my interests
Get to know every corner of London
Mortimer 's Tobacco Shop
There 's also a small newsstand
City and Country Bank branch in Kerberg
McFarland Carriage Works
There is also a vegetarian restaurant around the corner
Thinking about the situation just now, Watson, we might
being watched
It was a well thought out crime
But it 's Saturday may complicate things
But now doctor our work is done
It 's entertainment time this afternoon Sarasate has a show at Sir James Hall Coffee and sandwiches ?
Then we go to the violin scene
its melodious harmony
And no redhead guests to bother us with their problems
He sat in his seat all afternoon
Surrounded by supreme happiness
Lazy smile on face
and Sherlock Holmes when he was a detective
Just like two people

when i saw him surrounded by music
I feel that an evil moment may be coming
And he 'll find out














very good watson
you can be a cartographer
It must be Athelney Jones here I think it would be better to have someone from Scotland Yard help us
Although he 's definitely an idiot in his profession
But grabbing people is as tenacious as a lobster claw
good evening jones we are working together again mr holmes
Our friend is a good tracker
He just needs an old dog to help him get his prey back
Mr. Melweather Dr. Watson is my friend and colleague hello sir
I just hope we end up
Not just catching a wild goose (described as futile) I personally don 't like it
Amateur crime investigation you can have a little more confidence in Mr. Holmes if you say so, Mr. Jones
He has his own little ways if he doesn 't mind me saying that
just some theory and whimsy
But he was born to be a detective.
But I 'm going to repeat what I said
Kerbury branch like any other building in London
very safe
It 's impossible to break into it
Even insurance assessors agree
and sir you
As a resident manager and supervisor, you should be well informed
of course i know
Also in 27 years
I missed it for the first time
Saturday Whiskey Night at the Club
How annoying is this to me?
I think you 'll find tonight 's game
More exciting and chips
much more
So what is my reward, Mr. Holmes?
A young man named Clay
John Clay ?
Oh I 'd love to catch this demon with my own hands
you will
The young man that Mr. Holmes spoke of
betrayed his class
He 's as treacherous as the devil
As cunning as an eel and a prison break
another fake art
His grandfather was a royal duke
He studied at Eton and Oxford
So Watson took the gun
Come on, gentlemen, our carriage is waiting downstairs.








There are only two keys in this warehouse
One is with me and the other is kept in the private custody of the manager

It is difficult to break into this basement from above
or from below
wait a minute please be quiet





Can I ask you to sit on one of the boxes and leave me alone?



No thief can
break into this bank

Is this thief coming to rob the bank?
Is there any special reason?
nothing special . . .
What about things that have come in over the past few months?
What are you hiding from us?
This information I know is confidential
Only the executives of the bank know
cannot be disclosed to the public
Amateur detectives are no exception
It 's Mr. Melweather, Detective Private Consultant.
I believe this is an extraordinary crime
Isn 't that so, sir?
yes doctor
I suggest you work with Mr. Holmes
Especially now that I 'm trying to keep you safe
face with your supervisors
So what is it?
our french gold coins
We had an opportunity to increase capital a few months ago
and borrowed from the French bank for this reason
60,000 Napoleons (old French gold coins)
so that our gold reserves are
The general branch is much more
Where are those gold coins?
in the crate where dr watson sat
have 30,000 coins
stuck between tin foil
Can we take a look?


















This one 's bolder and bigger than I expected, what do you think Jones?
Of course this Clay is more of an amateur explorer
Or an impulsive criminal with long-term plans. Not Clay 's style at all unless he 's a pawn in a bigger game.
Mr. Melwieser was taken
your most confidential information
Then a careful plan was laid out
Everything is carefully planned

you are implying . . .
I 'm implying Professor Moriarty 's style here
Moriarty ?
So who is Moriarty?
we don 't know sir
Neither the police nor I thought
Mr Sherlock Holmes is already staring at him and his name is well known in the underworld
Apparently he 's of good origin
Highly educated . . . but. . .
But he inherited the most evil things
blood of crime
This common crime was planned by his extraordinary brain power
must add more danger to us
Half of the city 's crimes are organized by him, mostly unknown
he was never caught
His hands have been caught in the net, but as an intermediate force
He was never caught or even suspected
We won 't see the professor tonight
The only way for prisoners to escape tonight
Just run away from the pawn shop
An inspector has been dispatched to the door.
really
We 're running out of time
Can I trouble you to turn off this light?
And then sit in the dark ?
I 'm afraid yes
We can 't risk turning on this light
Move faster after I turn on the lights
don 't show mercy if they shoot
Lie




















gosh jump jump jump


That 's not good, John Clay, you don 't have a chance


I see
But I think my friend should be fine
At this time he was running towards
surrounded by police
Looks like you 've done a good job
I must compliment you on that
the same as you
I 'm Sherlock Holmes Private Detective
I never suspected you as a cop
Mr. Holmes
Gotta go back and talk
Please take your dirty hands off me
You may not have noticed that I have royal blood
when you arrest me
So please say 'sir' and 'please'
All right
Sir please go up the steps
We have a carriage to take you to the police station
so much better
Gentlemen
oh one more question mr clay
I think Professor Moriarty is the one behind the Redheads right?
I suggest you stop mentioning the name Mr. Holmes
Gentlemen, I really don 't know what to say if you value your future. Mr. Holmes, please forgive me for being suspicious.
Your extraordinary genius
There is no doubt that you flawlessly detected the most daring one I have ever experienced
Premeditated Bank Robbery
Mr. Melwieser, I have some money to spend on this case
Hope the bank will compensate me of course . . . of course . . .




You wouldn 't have known sooner . . .
it won 't work
do not teach
I 'm sorry we let you down Sherlock Holmes
Sherlock Holmes is just an amateur in the detective business
But he seems to be a smart guy or lucky
And have the ability to hinder me
Want to get rid of him?
it may be necessary
this may be disappointing
I think he 's interesting
I believe this is the third time
He 's getting in the way of me. If I go on like this, I have to do something to 'help' this Mr. Holmes.
Either let him quit . . . or let him evaporate
thanks




good morning police officer


Excuse me, Dr. Watson
But these are a bit overwhelming for me and my clients respect me for my confidence
But look how confident I am now I 'm totally destroyed . . . cheer up Mr. Wilson
It 'd be nice if you 'd be fine once you 've cleaned up the mess . . . Mr. Holmes told me to give you these
50 gold
And a compliment from Urban and Rural Bank
Ah, Dr. Watson, I feel better.
Please give my regards to Mr. Holmes who is also Mr. Wilson
One more suggestion the next time you ask for an assistant
pay him proper wages
Have a nice day







Sherlock Holmes I believe I am no more stupid than the others
And I see what you see
smell what you hear
But you know not only what has happened, but also what will happen and I am still at a loss
Dr. Watson reviews the case
When I heard this assistant was only half paid
Apparently he had ulterior motives
Yes but how do you know what the motivation is?
If there were women in this shop, I would have no doubt it was for vulgarity.
but when i heard from mr wilson about the sulphuric acid scar and the pierced ear i knew that vincent spalding and john klay were the same person
But why is Clay there?
photography gives you clues
That 's right
basement . . . he must be doing something in the basement
It will take hours
It took him two months before and after he was digging tunnels
But where does it lead?
When I hit the pavement with a cane that day
i want to find out
Is this passage dug to the front of the building or to the back?
The result is front to back
Can you tell me how to get to the Strand?
I recognized Clay right away
and procrastinated to observe his knee
Apparently he spent hours digging the tunnel
No doubt it is connected to the maze of sewers
Just below Saxkerberg Square
when they closed the redhead office
It 's a signal to stop worrying about Jay Beats Wilson
In other words, the tunnel is complete
So is it pure speculation that they will pick Saturday?
Watson, you let me down
I never had to guess
Saturday is the best night to steal gold coins
you have a day to run away
thanks for coming
thanks
Oh you explained it beautifully Sherlock Holmes
such a long line of reasoning
Every link has been said by you
Detective saves me from being bored
You know sometimes I think
I 've been trying my whole life to avoid
spend in mediocrity
no no
you are benefiting mankind sherlock holmes
Might be useful in the end.
What is a man, his merit is everything
Gustave Flaubert in a letter to George Sand
