 Previously on " The Originals " ... I presume I have the misfortune of speaking to my mother .
 I have come to heal our family .
 I 'd prefer you both to join me against our mother , but I 'll happily settle for one or the other .
 It is time you bring Camille in . Esther prepared your body for someone to jump into .
 She was preparing you for Rebekah .
 I have the baby , and we 're on the run .
 Esther found us . Then she made an offer to make us all mortal again .
 [ Gasps ] Elijah :
 We mustn 't let the world ever hurt her .
 You 're right .
 Those daggers don 't work on Klaus . It 's not impossible to change the dagger itself , so here .
 That 's a giant diamond .
 It 's a paragon diamond .
 Use them to conduct power .
 Klaus , there 's something I need to tell you . - You can tell me on the way .
 - Where are we going ? To see our daughter .
 [ Singing Christmas carol ]
 All right , darling .
 You know what to look for .
 You sly old bat .
 Clean up .
 Meet me in the cemetery . This little beauty and I have a date with a dagger .
 Klaus :
 You 're looking very dapper this evening , Kol . Though gloves without a tailcoat .
 Unusual , wouldn 't you say , Klaus ?
 I would unless of course the gloves are utilitarian in nature .
 I didn 't realize you two lovebirds were interested in fashion .
 Oh , I can take it or leave it .
 Mayor Behrman on the other hand , now his style is impeccable , especially under present duress .
 Do you know he came to me very concerned about the rash of thefts in the city ?
 So I put Marcel on it .
 And after a little digging , I formed a theory as to the culprit , so we followed our suspect .
 And he led us here to the mansion of the recently deceased dowager fauline .
 She was famous for her collection of rare and priceless jewels , most notably of course the perfect paragon diamond .
 Hand it over , Kol .
 [ Chanting ]
 [ Banging on doors ] - Kol !
 - Get us out of here !
 Oh , I wouldn 't bother waiting for them .
 You see , those women are never leaving that house again .
 Merry Christmas , brother .
 [ Screaming ]

 Rebekah :
 Well , isn 't this place rather nice ?
 Nik must have compelled a wine lover to keep it up because I found a 2005 bordeaux .
 Fancy a sip ?
 I appreciate the sentiment , Rebekah , but I do recognize when I 'm being handled with kid gloves .
 How are you feeling ?
 Patronized .
 I am here to protect you .
 I know you mean to , Elijah .
 And yet you found it necessary to render me unconscious before bringing me here .
 Well , you weren 't yourself , and I needed to get us out of that diner .
 What happened back there ?
 I don 't know .
 Niklaus sent me to protect hope .
 My job is to keep her safe .
 Both :
 Pwoteje sa .
 Scandalum subsisto venenatis .
 Impedit I 'ecoulement .
 It 's finished , but I 'm worried it 's not enough to protect Cami 's body from Esther 's magic .
 I might know a way to distract you from your troubled mind .
 You can take this seriously , or I can lock you in a coffin like your brother Finn if you prefer .
 Marcel :
 Oh . No .
 I 'd prefer you to bugger off because this spell needs time to cook in peace .
 Cami doesn 't have time . Esther can jump anybody into her body right now .
 Yeah , yeah , yeah , but she 's not gonna jump anybody , is she ?
 She 's gonna jump Rebekah , who just happens to be miles away , but fair dues , Marcel .
 Think I 'd be a bit testy , too , if my old ex was about to jump into my new ex .
 I think that would be a big , uh ...
 Awkward ? I was gonna say kinky , but ...
 I appreciate the chivalry , Marcel , but he 'll have an easier time protecting me if he 's alive .
 Keep working .
 What is it with you two ?
 It gets a bit old , plan out in me own family .
 You know , Klaus , Elijah , Rebekah , they were always a party of 3 .
 No room for me at the table .
 There always seemed to be room for Marcel .
 You know that diamond , the one that I showed you ?
 Mm- hmm .
 Well , that was the baby version .
 The one that we need to do the dagger spell , well it has to be a lot bigger .
 100 years ago , I had it in my hand .
 Then Marcel ratted me out to Klaus , and they took it .
 He probably bloody well kept it . So let 's steal it back .
 It 's a good chance to snoop .
 It 's like you 're in my mind , Davina Claire .
 [ Mikael grunting ]
 [ Bird chirps ]
 You 're making a mess of my werewolf sentries , Mikael .
 And you 're up to your old tricks .
 Esther ...
 I missed you , wife .
 Have you missed me ? As much as you 've missed me , I imagine .
 That would explain why you brought your lover back from the other side without so much as a thought of me .
 I will slaughter every single wolf I see until I am taken to the dog you saw fit to bring back from the dead .
 You can stop looking for ansel .
 Klaus killed him .
 Klaus may not be your blood , be he certainly has picked up a few things from you along the way .
 Do not mention the bastard son !
 Resolution through violence .
 You are nothing if not consistent .
 Go ahead . Strike me .
 I imagine you 've been waiting a thousand years to do so .
 Hyah !
 Apparaitre apparebis .
 Now that you 've got that out your system , we have things to discuss about our children .
 It 's all right , Elijah .
 She won 't break .
 Everything you did was in the name of protecting her .
 I 'm not worried .
 Is that what I think it is ?
 It 's bonfire season , and I am reviving a family tradition , especially since we 're all going to be together .
 Only because we 're fleeing from one of our deranged parents , another Mikaelson family tradition .
 It 's a peculiar thing never to be tired yet forever exhausted with the sameness of things .
 Why is our family always at war ?
 I don 't know , but being away with her made me see things differently .
 We 're not so bad .
 Not the monsters that our parents think we are .
 [ Car approaching ]
 Hi .
 Curse on the first born ?
 What the bloody hell is that supposed to be ?
 Well , according to Finn , our sister freya didn 't die of plague .
 She was taken as payment by our aunt dahlia , who then cursed all Mikaelson first borns for eternity .
 Is any of this true ? Elijah :
 It is if we 're to believe Finn , who learned it from that bastion of truth , our mother .
 Well , no wonder Finn hates us .
 He lost the sister he adored and instead got a judgy pack of siblings , who found him unbearably dull .
 Great .
 So is there any chance of us running into your loony aunt dahlia anytime soon ?
 Fable 's over a thousand years old .
 Dahlia 's long dead . Like Esther ?
 No one 's going to hurt hope because no one 's going to find her .
 It 's enough wood , Rebekah . You 'll burn down the whole bloody state of Arkansas .
 Well , we 're just missing a key ingredient .
 No , we 're not . Yes , we are , Nik .
 Back me up , Elijah . I suspect Niklaus would rather choke on the ashes .
 What are you all talking about ?
 Well , before we light it , we write down our wishes for each other to burn for luck .
 It was Kol 's favorite part when were kids .
 Further evidence as to why we should ignore it .
 Hope 's first bonfire season .
 I like it .
 We 're doing it .
 You ditched me .
 You have my fake therapist locked in that coffin .
 What better way to spend my potential final hours .
 Try not to think about it .
 I can 't help it , Marcel .
 At any moment , I could cease to exist , and the one person who can make a difference is 10 feet away and locked in a box .
 I need to talk to him .
 You 're not talking to Finn . Maybe he 'll listen , maybe he 'll call his mom off .
 It 's a million to one , but it 's better than doing nothing .
 I said no , Cami .
 Marcel , I am hours away from someone taking control of my body .
 I highly suggest you avoid trying to control me between now and then .
 [ Music playing ]
 Here .
 I 'm holding a small child , Hayley .
 This silly wish game will have to wait .
 You write , I 'll hold .
 You do realize it is not I who is to be the husband you can boss around .
 You do realize I had to endure horrendous labor and actual death birthing the child that you 're holding .
 Fine .
 I wish you would tell Elijah you 're marrying your werewolf suitor , at which point I will pour him a scotch and congratulate him on the bullet he dodged .

 I 'm only doing this because it means so much to you , but if it 's not safe , I 'm staying , not to control you , to protect you .
 Marcel :
 He won 't talk to me if you 're here , Marcel , and he 's in no shape to pick a fight .
 I 'll be outside .
 I 'm not much of a cook , but I do make a mean grilled cheese .
 You 're a compassionate woman Camille .
 It 's your fatal flaw , and it will be your downfall .
 Well , that got dark fast .
 Come on . Eat .
 You must be starving .
 I will not be tempted by your beauty , nor will I be blinded by your empathy .
 You don 't leave a girl much wiggle room .
 I would appeal to your morals , but those seem to be all over the map .
 I 'm not the one who was sleeping with one vampire while half in love with another .
 Your morality is a moving target .
 Mine is not .
 You believe people can change .
 You 're still seeking out Klaus ' redemption as if that were a thing that was even possible .
 Elijah seeks it out .
 Even my own mother seeks it out , but I do not believe in redemption .
 I believe in right and wrong .
 I believe in good and evil .
 Maybe in some comic book universe ...
 You don 't even see it , but I 'm trying to help people like you .
 I don 't believe you . That is to your peril because when I 'm free
 I will not stop until every single vampire in New Orleans has ceased to exist , and I will show no mercy to anyone who dares stand with them .

 Not even you .
 Lock him back up .
 [ Sighs ]
 [ Screaming ]
 Hyah !
 [ Exhales ]
 Rebekah :
 Elijah .
 Thank you .
 What is it you see when you go away like that ?
 Things I 've done , images of who I was .
 Another gift from mother .
 I can 't turn it off . I suppose it 's her way of demonstrating
 I 'd be better off taking her deal .
 To leave your body behind ?
 To start over , to live a mortal life , have a child of my own if I choose .
 Cursed as your first born if we 're to believe the story .
 Not if I am no longer Mikaelson blood .
 See , this is the beauty of mother , Rebekah .
 Sometimes , even her darkest deeds possess a logic that 's difficult to refute .
 It 's a lovely fantasy , elljah .
 Rebekah , you and I both know what mother is capable of .
 Now I do wonder if she would relent and leave us be .
 Now what if all that mother needs is a victory .
 Let her find it somewhere else .
 Besides , she wants all 3 of us . She has Kol , she has Finn .
 Perhaps in the end , a simple majority will do .
 Is this you ?
 I was lot better looking back then .
 You wish .
 What about Rebekah ?
 You never talk about her .
 There 's not much to say really .
 She was always their girl .
 There was one time , though , she did me a solid back in Christmas 1914 .
 [ Music playing ]
 Doing a bit of pilfering before cocktails ?
 Nik stole something that belongs to me .
 I 'm simply taking it back .
 And I 'm simply going to tell Nik .
 Wait !
 What if I said I 'm close to finishing a dagger that would work on him ?
 You wouldn 't dare use it . Why ? It 's no more than he 's done to us .
 You 've suffered at his hands more than anyone , and it 's not like we 'd be killing him , just giving you some time to be with Marcel .
 You 're entirely serious .
 Haven 't we both earned the right to live out of his shadow ?
 Are you with me , sister ?
 You can count me in , but do hurry downstairs .
 Throw on one of Nik 's jackets .
 He 'll notice your absence if you 're late .
 Hey ! Look what I found .
 Wonder if it will work .
 Oh , bloody hell . Come on .
 Let 's try . Hey , Nik . Do you think you can cram us into a selfie ?
 Well , Niklaus is the virtuoso of cramming his siblings into confined spaces .
 I 'm so glad I traveled hundreds of miles to visit my mentally ill brother , only to have him insult me to my face .
 Oh , come on .
 Just take the picture .
 Hmm .
 Hayley :
 Aw .
 See ? I wish that it could always be like this .
 If wishes were horses .
 Beggars would ride .
 You realize we 'll have to burn it .
 You want me to make a wish for the family , Rebekah , I wish it didn 't have to be like this , but it does .
 [ Music playing ] We can 't risk it falling into the wrong hands .
 No . This ... this isn 't right .
 We deserve this .
 We 've earned this .
 I won 't let it slip away .
 I know what to do to stop Esther .
 Rebekah , no . I 'm gonna take her deal , and when I do ,
 I 'm taking her down with me .
 [ Music playing ]
 Rebekah :
 It 'll work .
 She will be distracted during the spell .
 She 'll be vulnerable . No .
 If we kill her , she body jumps .
 Then stop her from jumping .
 If I knew how to bloody stop her from jumping , don 't you think I would have happily murdered her ages ago ?
 Well , ages ago , you didn 't have a harvest girl or a Mikaelson witch .
 Kol knows all of her tricks .
 Are you both insane ? Hardly , Elijah .
 It was your idea .
 You were the one who said she needed a win , and if we get this right , then she 'll have one .
 And if we do it wrong , you 're no longer in your own body .
 Would that be the worst thing ? You were ready to do it yourself .
 It was a foolish moment and one that you sagely dissuaded me from .
 Hopefully , we 'll get lucky and stop the spell before I jump .
 And if we 're not , you get what you always wanted .
 I mean , that 's what you 're saying , isn 't it ?
 You 're willing to lose . I 'm willing to risk losing , yes .
 Well , we need to find someone for her to jump into , someone anonymous , someone who could disappear with hope .
 Rebekah , we 've been together for centuries .
 If you were human ...
 When I 'm old and wrinkly , you can dump me back into my old body .
 Nik already has a coffin he can stall me in .
 But to trust Kol ?
 It 's not about trust , Elijah . It 's about finding the proper leverage .
 She 's right .
 Kol will do what 's best for Kol .
 We just have to meet his price .
 Be happy to help .
 In exchange for what ?
 From all the sneaking around today , you 're clearly in need of something .
 If you want me to find a new body for Rebekah ,
 I want the Fauline diamond you stole from me back in 1914 .
 What do you plan to do with it ?
 Does it matter ?
 Well , it will matter to Klaus .
 You see , I could fib here , but I want to be on the up about it .
 I need a weapon I can use to protect myself against Klaus , and the diamond helps me make it .
 Simply a matter of self- defense only to be use out of absolute necessity . It 's not kill him .

 It 's a fair trade , Marcel .
 I get free of the whackadoodle mum ,
 I acquire the means by which to defend myself against a volatile brother , should the need arise , and , uh , well , if all goes well , perhaps you 'll let me near Davina without bodily harm .
 So should I call him back , or should you ?
 You are made to give Kol that diamond .
 Our little brother has been plotting against me for years , and he hasn 't got a lick of it right .
 I 'll take my chances .
 Do you know what to do ?
 Yes , but if it doesn 't go to plan , will you handle my body with care , please ?
 I may miss the old model .
 If everything goes south , I 'll be there to pull you out .
 We just have to take Esther down before she body jumps .
 I don 't want all of this to have been for nothing .
 You and I on the same team .
 It must be Christmas .
 She 's asleep .
 It 's so quiet with Klaus and Rebekah gone .
 So we didn 't get to say our wishes .
 Can I tell you mine ?
 It 's a hope actually that you 'll understand what I have to tell you .
 What is it ? I think I figured out a way to release them from the witches . My wolves ...

 They could control their turning without the rings and bring peace to our home so that hope could return to us ...
 But there 's a catch .
 I have to marry Jackson .
 It 's , uh , a mystical ceremony and an alpha bonding ritual .
 Elijah , I know that you and I haven 't been close recently , but ...
 You have to know that this isn 't about him .
 I don 't love Jackson , but at the same time , I couldn 't marry him and still be involved with you .
 I don 't know .
 I should just ...
 [ Music playing ]
 Marry him .
 What ?
 Listen to me .
 The only way that the city will be safe for hope 's return is if you have unified your people and I have unified my own , and Davina will eventually lead her witches , and whatever their goal may be , she is no enemy to your child .



 Do what you need to bring your daughter home .
 This is my wish for you .
 Done !
 A per request .
 Miss angelica barker . Good cheek bones and a tummy you can bounce a quarter off .
 She will be Rebekah 's new host body instead of Cami .
 Who 's angelica barker ? One of my vampire potentials .
 Had to turn her down .
 She was too lost .
 Does she know what 's about to happen to her ?
 It 's better when they don 't know , luv . Hopefully , we won 't have to use her .
 Hopefully , but then my mother is a wily and vindictive woman , which is why I 've got to ask something else of you .
 You 're already getting the diamond .
 Which I 'm thrilled about , but in order for me to help you ,
 I need access to my mother 's hourglass , which is in the lycee with my mother .
 So ?
 Well , I haven 't been back in a while , and the only way she won 't suspect me is if I bring back the thing that I was sent to find .
 And that thing is ?
 The white oak stake .
 Are you out of your mind ?
 Kaleb ! Look .
 It 's the only way that she 's gonna trust me .
 She doesn 't want to kill them .
 She just wants to make sure that the weapon doesn 't fall in the wrong hands .
 I swear as soon as she 's gone ,
 I 'll give it right back to Klaus . Like hell you will .
 Deal 's off . Klaus :
 Kol !
 Whatever grudges you hold against me , we are doing this for the good of our family .
 Do I have your word that for once you will honor that ?
 You have my word , Nik . Swear on the fate of us all .
 Take the stake .
 I wooed her , I won her .
 Took a while , but in the end , she handed it to me .
 When I didn 't hear from you ,
 I thought you might be in trouble . Nope .
 No trouble .
 Just hard to do espionage when you 're calling mummy all the time .
 Is he off playing emperor to his merry pack of dogs ?
 So where 's Finn .
 I 'm afraid Finn may have fallen into the hands of your brothers , but I 've made a plan to assist him with that dilemma while I continue my search for Rebekah .
 Oh . Speak of the devil , and the devil will come .
 Hello , sister .
 Kol , it really is you .
 I would know that smirk anywhere .
 Hello , mother .
 I believe you 're offering a deal .
 Kaleb will link this hourglass to Esther 's .
 Ours will mirror hers . When last sand falls , Esther will try to jump her into you .
 That 's when I 'll redirect the spell from you to Esther .
 It 's meant to jam the signal just long enough to keep that kind of magic from working against anyone .
 If it works . It will work .
 When Rebekah attacks ,
 Esther won 't be able to jump her into you or herself anywhere else .
 And we 're sure Kaleb is on board ?
 He 's on board .
 He 's a thief and a liar , but like Elijah , he doesn 't give his word lightly .
 You can 't possibly expect me to discuss giving up eternal life over tea . Rebekah :

 Give me some of that red over there .
 Pfft .
 Well , where 's the sales pitch ?
 I only offer what you already want .
 And how do you presume to know that ? Elijah is happiest when there is order and music ,
 Klaus when he 's the center of attention and in control , but you are my only child capable of unfettered joy , and you 're happiest amongst humans .
 I 've seen you year for that life , for love .
 And when am I happiest then , mother ?
 When you 're doing as you 're told .
 Our wishes are aligned in this , my daughter , mine to free you from this curse and yours to be human .
 I 'd be giving up everything I 've ever known for a memory of something I once was , power for weakness , strength for frailty , eternal life for a brief human existence .
 The choice is simple .
 Another thousand years of never having what you want or a handful of years when you do .
 Well , then . To the end of an era .
 I 'm in .
 Let us begin .
 [ Whispering ]
 It 's working .
 What the bloody hell is that doing here ?
 As each of you comes to your senses and takes my offer ,
 I will destroy your vampire bodies .
 Mother , you said you wanted the stake to protect them .
 Yes , but not in their current bodies .
 Once they accept my offer , I will be righting two wrongs ...
 No .
 Having brought this evil into the world and having subjected my own children to it .
 No .
 That wasn 't the deal .
 Stop the spell ! The spell is already done .
 I prepared it to be locked in the moment I turned over the hourglass .
 Marcel :
 Now .
 Not yet .
 Mother , think this through .
 You gave birth to this body .
 You can 't destroy it . I am only destroying its flesh .
 Your beautiful soul will live on in the body of another .
 I have chosen well for you , a beautiful girl , strong .
 Klaus :
 Mother !
 Stop the spell . You and your traitorous son .
 Nik , I didn 't know anything about it , I swear .
 Oh , good . I 'm glad you two boys are friends again .
 I did wonder what you 'd been up to in your time away .
 Now I know . Stop the blasted spell .
 I 'm afraid that 's impossible .
 Anything is possible . - Take me instead .
 - Nik , no ! If only you 'd taken my offer when it was still mine to give .
 Unfortunately , you 've left me no choice but to make a deal with Mikael .
 Mikael ?
 When Finn and Kol went missing , I needed a new ally .
 All he wanted was the right to kill you .
 Kol , I would ask you to deliver the stake to your father , but it seems your loyalties have been compromised .
 Stop the spell , Esther !
 No .
 It 's ok , Nik . I can do this .
 So you 're feeling murderous again . You should know I 've already chosen my next body .
 Now !
 [ Chanting ]
 Cami !
 Rebekah !
 - Did it work ?
 - I have no idea .
 Cami 's not awake yet either .
 When she 's up , we need to get her out of the quarter . She 's not safe here .
 Somebody busted Finn out . My mother is using Mikael to do her dirty work .
 Camille ?
 I suddenly love that stupid name .
 I couldn 't stop the spell .
 Please tell me that your mother 's dead .
 Rebekah and I took extra precautions .
 Esther is exactly where she needs to be .
 Davina :
 Why are you in such a good mood ? Remember how I said that Rebekah had done me a solid back in 1914 ?
 Swore she hadn 't told Klaus that I was taking the diamond back .
 I was actually being a bit facetious .
 [ Music playing ]
 You 're here with my brother .
 A word of advice . A witch as lovely as you has no business dating Kol .
 Oh , it 's not really a date .
 You can do better .
 As you know , when the Mikaelsons arrived in Louisiana we brought with us the tradition of holiday bonfire season .
 Klaus :
 Now we invite you chosen few to join us in our family 's own tradition of writing wishes for each other and burning them for lucky .
 The holidays are time for celebrating family and friends .
 It is especially gratifying in times when treachery runs deep to know you have someone you can trust .
 A toast to you , my sister .
 To Rebekah !
 All :
 To Rebekah !
 Ladies and gentlemen , I apologize for the disturbance , but what 's a Mikaelson family party without a little squabble ?
 No , no !
 Ohh !
 [ Partygoers gasp ] I 've owed her one for a century .
 Today , I got to repay that favor .
 Oh , don 't worry , luv . Not gonna hurt me own sister .
 I didn 't exactly prep angelica barker either .
 I prepped someone else . What ?
 Who ? Oh , it 's a bit of a story .
 You see , Klaus didn 't just punish me for stealing the diamond .
 He also punished my witch friends ,
 locking them in the dowager Fauline cottage .
 Over the decades , it 's become quite a catch- all for an assortment of odd birds of the witchy variety .
 I 'm sure Rebekah will be very comfortable in the prison created by Klaus .
 You didn 't .
 Oh , I did , and besides , with Rebekah missing , Klaus will be occupied , so we can finish what we started .
 You swear she 's safe ?
 Perfectly .
 Seeing as this is the best day I 've had in the past two centuries , I 've made a wish for you .
 Close your eyes .
 [ Music playing ]
 Hello , mother .
 What have you done ?
 You sold me to that butcher Mikael
 like I were nothing more than chattel . Ask me what I have done .
 I 've done what every good son does , mother .
 I 've followed the example of my parents .
 You taught me exactly how I should treat you .
 You must be feeling a little twitchy right about now .
 That 's what happens when you 're in transition .
 No .
 That 's not possible .
 Oh , but it is .
 You see , you may have thought you were one step ahead of us , but the truth is Rebekah was two ahead of you .
 And when am I happiest then , mother ?
 When you 're doing as you 're told .
 The wine .
 You died with vampire blood in your system .
 It 's a delicious irony because as you know you cannot be both witch and vampire .
 So now you either be the thing you hate the most , or you can be dead .
 Your choice ...
 Which is more than you ever gave us .
 [ Music continues ]
 Promise is a promise .
 [ Women screaming ]
 Let me out !
 Someone ! Kol .
 Damn it ! I 'm not meant to be here .
 I 'm Rebekah Mikaelson !
 I 'm Rebekah Mikaelson !
 Let me out !
 I 'm Rebekah Mikaelson !
