 Previously on " The Originals " ...
 This town was my home once .
 I want it back . Genevieve :
 Drink .
 It 's the only way I can show you what you need to see .
 Rebekah : There 's only ever been one man
 Klaus has truly feared ... my father , Mikael .
 We 'd like you to find Mikael . Of course .
 You needed to see it , and now you can take your revenge .

 Yaagh !
 Go .
 Run as far and as fast as you can .
 I 'm afraid you 're trapped .
 Boundary spell .
 The Originals can enter , but they can 't leave .
 Rebekah !
 Cherish the breath in your lungs !
 It 'll be your last .

 [ Thunder ]
 [ Gasps ]
 [ Whimpers ]
 [ Thunder ]
 [ Whimpers ]
 Hush now .
 It 's just a storm .
 Don 't be afraid .
 I won 't let it hurt you .

 Nik , don 't go .
 I carved it for father .
 It 's a brave knight .
 Now you can be brave , too .
 Will you stay with me till the storm ends ?
 I will always stay with you , Rebekah , no matter what .
 Klaus :
 Rebekah !

 - Walk away .
 - Don 't move !
 Leave us now .
 I can 't . I 'm stuck here .


 Elijah , he has a white oak stick . I brought it for you , sister .
 Elijah : Get out of his sight .
 Your presence here only serves to anger him .
 Leave him to me now .
 I 'm asking you brother to brother , we end this nonsense now .
 You would side with that traitor ?
 I am not choosing sides , but I will not allow you to hurt our sister .
 We cannot leave this cemetery , Elijah .
 How long do you think you can defend her ?
 As long as it takes ... by whatever means necessary . - synced and corrected by chamallow - - www . addic7ed . com -
 [ Door closes ]
 Do whatever it takes .
 Just stay alive .
 I promise you , I 'll get you out of there .
 I 've never seen him like this before .
 He 's out of his mind with rage , up all night howling one obscenity- laced tirade after the next .
 He 's gonna kill me .
 All right . Stay as far away from him as you can .
 That 's a brilliant strategy , but , given that that dead bitch Celeste has trapped us in here till moonrise , my options are somewhat limited .

 I 'm not leaving you in there .
 Davina will find a loophole , get you out early .
 Then we can all go together .
 If Klaus comes after us , we will take him on one hell of a ride .
 I lived for centuries looking over my shoulder , ready to run at a moment 's notice .
 Am I to go back to that ? Worry about that later .
 Right now , just buy me some time .
 I promise you , I 'll get you out of there .
 [ Beep ]
 Hey , D. , how you feel ?
 Got you some stuff ... organic soap and scented candles , some incense .
 Just trying to help you get back to feeling , you know , yourself .
 Word on the street is , the witches are celebrating .
 3 out of the 4 girls sacrificed in the harvest have come back .
 First , it was your friend Monique and then another girl , now you .
 What I hear , the others are saying that the ancestors were with them while they were ... dead , you know , talking to them , teaching them .
 They say they 're stronger than ever .
 Was it like that for you ?
 No .
 There was nothing .
 It was cold , empty , and dark , and it went on forever .
 I 'm sorry , D.
 I don 't want to talk about it .
 Please , Marcel , don 't make me .
 You 've been at this for hours ... to what end ?
 Elijah :
 Niklaus , I know you , and I grew up fighting you .
 I can 't be beaten , nor can I be persuaded .
 You cannot get past me .
 Klaus :
 I could get past you , although it might have to be over your dead body .
 You did stab me with that blade , forcing me to endure hours of unspeakable pain .
 Perhaps I should direct my rage toward you .
 You should see yourself ... the murderous expression , the self- righteous posturing .
 You look like father .
 I 'm not him .
 Rebekah 's betrayal justifies my anger . His was that of a madman .
 You were never the recipient of his cruelty .
 None of you were ... not Kol , not Finn , none of you !
 I think you 've forgotten what he was truly like . No .
 I have not forgotten .
 Be still . Deep breath .
 Hold .
 Now .

 Your aim is improving . Next time .
 Mikael :
 You encourage him , Elijah , but he grows more pathetic every day .
 I 'm not pathetic .
 Do not talk back to me .
 Not man enough to hold this weapon .
 If you can 't hunt , you 're nothing but a burden .
 I 'm sorry .
 It 's a shame we can 't feed on sad- eyed apologies . It 's your one and only skill .
 Elijah :
 Father , stop .
 Stay back , or you 'll be next .
 The boy needs to be made strong . Aah !
 [ Wind whistling ]
 Niklaus , I understand your anger , but , I implore you , be better than him .
 Do what he could not .

 Demonstrate the grace of mercy rather than this petty cruelty .
 You ask me to show mercy to one who has wronged me .
 You really don 't know me at all , do you , brother ? Rebekah :
 Enough .
 Whatever I have done wrong , my guilt is nothing compared to yours .
 You want revenge ?
 Fine , but before you have it ,
 I will look you in the eye and tell you why it was your cruelty and your spite that led us to this .
 Go on , then .
 Speak your piece , and when you are finished , I will grant you the punishment you deserve , even if I have to go through Elijah to do so .



 Davina ...
 Marcel told me you were up here .
 Do you want to tell me what happened ?
 I died ...
 And at first , I was alone , but then I heard them , voices whispering to me .
 - Who ? - The ancestors .
 They 're so angry with me .
 I used my power against my own , and they said they 'd do horrible things to me if I misuse my magic again .
 Kieran :
 So a century ago , you betrayed Klaus , the most dangerous vampire in history , and the only one that can save you is the girl that you had locked up in my attic , but she 's a basket case .
 So really , your only hope is my niece , psychoanalyst to resurrected teen witches .
 Does that about sum it up ?
 You 're pretty smug for a guy with a witch 's hex .
 Davina 's magic is you only shot at a cure .
 Let 's not dance around the obvious .
 This hex is going to be the end of me .
 Every spell has a loophole .
 You , of all people , should have more faith .
 I lost my faith when Sean died .
 When I came back to New Orleans ,
 I had nothing but hope of preventing a war between the vampires and the witches , and now the witches are out of control , and you allowed an Original vampire to take control of the quarter .

 No .
 There is no hope ... not for you , not for the city , and certainly not for me .
 I get Davina back , she will find a way
 - to take down Klaus .
 - No .
 He 's going to get out of this trap that he 's in , and when he does , he 's going to find you , and he is going to tear you into pieces .
 You reap what you sow , Marcel .
 Klaus :
 Let it begin ... the trial of Rebekah Mikaelson .
 What a relief .
 His ego is in check .
 Just speak your truth .
 I 'll make certain he behaves himself .
 You stand accused of betraying your own blood .
 How do you plead ?
 I plead you to shut up and listen .
 You summoned our father .
 You brought him to our home .
 What possible defense could you have ?
 I knew he was the only thing that you feared , and I wanted you to run .
 Because you hated me .
 Because you were hateful .
 You denied me the freedom to love .
 Oh , so that 's your defense ?
 You called Mikael ... the destroyer , the hunter of vampires ... because I detained you from pursuing some dull suitors .
 You were cruel and controlling and manipulative .
 I was trying to protect you from imbeciles and leeches , not to mention your own poor judgment .
 And what about the one that you loved enough to call friend ?
 Why did you forbid me to love Marcel ?
 Do not mention his name .
 What has happened to you ?
 I remember the sweet boy who made me laugh and gave me gifts , who loved art and music .
 I wanted to be just like you .
 How could you have fallen so far ?
 You say you despise Rebekah for her betrayal , and yet no one has stood by your side for so long , not even I myself .
 Perhaps it 's you that 's forgotten .
 I remember the day that father caught you whittling little chess pieces with his hunting knife .
 He beat you so mercilessly and for so long ,
 I actually feared for your life .
 - Aah !
 - Father !
 - Please .
 - Stay back .
 - No .
 - Stop it .
 Stop it .
 I will not let you hurt him anymore .
 You stand against me for him ?
 So you would paint her as a loyal sister , but she betrayed me out of lust for Marcel .
 Perhaps that was why you did it ... for love .
 Perhaps I might temper my rage if Rebekah will admit she was a victim of her own idiocy , that her great love Marcel used her to oust this family and to take my city .

 Marcel did not manipulate me .
 You defend him , and yet you can 't help but wonder , what if I 'm right ?
 We loved each other .
 It was your refusal to respect that that led to your ruin .
 Then why didn 't he chase after you when you fled New Orleans ?
 Oh , yes . That 's right .
 He was here stealing what I built .
 You want me to renounce Marcel , to beg for your forgiveness ?
 I won 't . Marcel is not at fault .
 I called Mikael .
 Elijah :
 Rebekah , you must ...
 I was the one who brought him to New Orleans because of your wickedness .
 I wanted love and happiness , and denied me the freedom to have either .
 Yes .
 I hated and I was afraid of our father , but he was a lesser evil than you , my bastard brother who loomed over me , threatening me as you are now .

 I wanted rid of you , and given the choice , I 'd do it again .
 Yaah !
 Uh !
 Sister , leave us .
 I won 't go . I said , leave us , please .
 You wouldn 't listen to her .
 So now you must deal with me .
 I 've studied the effects of trauma and abuse .
 The witches that forced you into that ritual , they 've lied to you .
 - They hurt you . - Cami ...
 There 's nothing you 've studied in some book that can help me .
 Ok . Forget the books .
 Let me tell you what I know from experience .
 When my brother died , I never thought I 'd be ok again .
 I cried for weeks .
 I blamed myself .
 I blamed him , and then I realized all that sadness was swallowing me up , and I made a choice I wasn 't going to let it .
 You can make that choice , Davina .
 You say that like it 's so simple , but the witches aren 't just gonna let me go .
 They 're not done with me .
 No one can control you unless you let them .
 How do I even know who to trust ?
 Should I trust Marcel ?
 The first thing he did when I came back was try to use me again to help Rebekah .
 Be honest , Cami .
 Isn 't there something you want , too ?

 Yeah .
 My Uncle is sick .
 I thought you could help him .

 That 's not why I 'm here .
 I care about you .
 I want to help you .
 What can you do ?
 When I came back , the voices I heard , they said the only ones who could help me are the witches , but after what I did to them , they hate me .
 So how can I go back and ask for their help now ?

 Rebekah :
 What a fool I am .
 I actually thought Davina would come to the rescue .
 I 'll get someone else .
 Whole town is full of witches .
 All of whom despise you . I 'll figure this out .
 Meantime , just don 't piss Klaus off any more than he already is .
 It 's a little late for that .
 I may have provoked him further , but then , I didn 't much care for his accusations that you seduced me into bringing Mikael .
 Wait a minute .
 I would never do that .

 We almost got away .
 If we just kept going , we could be anywhere in the world by now .
 Klaus might 've found us and killed us , but he 'll do that , anyway .
 Would 've been nice to have a little happiness first .
 He 's not gonna kill you .
 You 're his sister .
 And you 're like a son to him , and , believe me , he means to kill you .
 You know , I 've never much thought about dying , one of the perks of being immortal , I guess .
 What an odd thing it is to be here one minute and gone the next ... rather terrifying .
 Rebekah ...
 You need to run , Marcel .
 When the moon reaches its apex ,
 Klaus will be free , and he will do to you what he 's going to do to me , only worse . Go now and don 't look back .
 [ Beep ]

 Klaus :
 So what 's it gonna be ?
 You hold both weapons .
 Tunde 's blade 'd put me down , but the stake could finish me off for good .
 Well ... unlike you , brother ...
 I have no taste for fratricide . I only hold this to keep it from you .

 This is just my insurance . Why must you defend her ?
 Rebekah betrayed you , as well , when she brought Mikael here .
 Because she is our sister and because I like to remember her the way that she was before we became what we became .
 Ha ha ha ! She was an innocent girl , quick to laugh , full of life .
 Elijah , voice- over :
 My memories serve to make her betrayal more painful .
 Can you not then accept some small part of the blame ?
 After all , Niklaus , it was your cruelty that led her to do what she did .
 Do you not see , Elijah ?
 She didn 't mean to chase me off .
 She wanted me dead .
 You 're wrong . She has always hated me .

 You know that 's true .
 You have no idea , do you ?
 You have no idea what she was prepared to do for you .
 When our sister sees something that she perceives to be an injustice , she can be stubborn , impetuous , and , at times , downright dangerous , and never was this more apparent than the night she tried to kill our father .

 What is this , some melodramatic fiction designed to garner my sympathy ?
 It is the truth .
 I was there ...
 And she would have done it , all to protect you , had I not stopped her . Elijah , voice- over :

 I often wished that I could revisit that moment , complete the task myself .
 Why are you telling me this now ?
 Niklaus , sometimes our sister acts without thinking .
 She 's short of temper .
 She 's quick to fall in love , but she loves you , but your malicious treatment has broken her heart .
 So , yes , she responded by summoning our father . Yes , that was a mistake .
 I 'm not entirely sure that I can blame her .

 I can .

 Niklaus , so help me ...
 Are you really going to stand against me ?
 And not with that pathetic blade .
 You 'd just have to pull it out someday , and then I 'd hate you as I do her now .
 If you want to protect Rebekah , you 'll need to use the white oak stake .
 I don 't have to listen to this nonsense .
 Oh , don 't pretend you haven 't thought about it .
 You look at me , and you see everything you abhor in yourself .
 Sure , you dress it up with your fancy suits and your handkerchiefs .
 You with your mask of civility and eloquence , you 're every bit the abomination I am or worse .
 Go on , Elijah .
 Go on .
 Use the white oak stake .
 I 'm not so cowardly that I have to kill you , Niklaus , but if I have to make you suffer to protect Rebekah , that is what I will do .
 You see ?
 I knew you couldn 't do it .
 You still cling to the hope that I can be redeemed , and if the bastard can be saved , then maybe there 's hope for you .
 Aah !
 There .
 Now you know how it feels .
 Aagh !
 Aah !
 That was supposed to be my line .
 Now I have this .
 So I decide who lives and who dies .


 I 'm taking out that blade .
 You 'll have to kill me first , and now you hold the means to do so .
 Why not finish what you started a century ago ?
 I did not want you dead .
 I wanted you to run . Liar !
 You wanted revenge .
 You drove me to betray you , and now you want to twist it and make it worse so you can justify killing me instead of accepting your own fault .
 All I did was love your friend .
 You could 've been happy for us , but instead in your paranoia , you feared losing us both , and , because of that , you did .
 There is no one else to blame , Nik , only you .
 Where is Marcel now , hmm ?
 I thought he loved you , and yet he left you trapped in here with me .
 The trouble with the witches in this city is , they lack direction . Genevieve :
 Fortunately , our coven has found a new leader ... me .
 You ask a favor of me , to lower Celeste 's boundary spell , but you don 't control the witches anymore .
 You want to help your people , you need to broker peace , a treaty with the vampires .
 I can help .
 The last time I arrived for a negotiation , you tried to kill me .
 I learned my lesson ... if you can 't beat them , make them an offer .
 So here 's the deal . You help me right now ... you have my word ... vampires stay out of the Cauldron , no more executions .

 A nice start , but if you want my help
 lowering that spell , you 're going to have to give us Davina Claire .
 Haven 't your people done enough to that girl ?
 You must know it 's your fault she suffered in death .
 She was shunned by the ancestors because of her alliance with you , but all that 's over .
 Now we can welcome her home .
 She will be revered by her people , and I will teach her how to control her power , give her a home where she 's safe , not surrounded by vampires .
 Bring Davina to us , and I 'll find a way to break Celeste 's spell .
 If not , well , let 's just say that I won 't be the one to mourn Rebekah .
 Klaus :
 You against me ? It 's hardly a fair fight , is it ?
 I mean , perhaps , if Marcel were here , you 'd stand a chance , but I expect he 's already found another girl , no doubt younger and prettier .
 You take joy in other people 's pain , and then you wonder why I hate you .
 Yes , and that hatred led you to do what you did .
 Admit the truth . Admit you wanted me dead .
 I wanted you to run ... that is all ... despite your delusions .
 Elijah lies suffering , and I will allow you to help him .
 All you have to do is admit it .
 - You 're insane .
 - Yes ! Yes !
 I am a vicious , heartless monster , and so you summoned Mikael to kill me .
 - Admit it .
 - It 's not true .
 You know what you did .
 - Admit it .
 - I didn 't . You wanted me dead !
 Admit it .

 Maybe I did .
 [ Panting ]
 Nik ...
 [ Wind whistling ]

 You missed my heart .
 Perhaps I did ...
 Or perhaps I never meant to kill you .
 Perhaps I just wanted you to feel a fraction the fear I felt when father came for me .
 Do you yourself know the truth ?
 I know this .
 You accuse me of being evil , and yet you are the one who conspired to kill your own blood .
 You made our lives a living hell .
 You tormented us .
 I love my family ... you , Elijah .
 I loved all of you .
 I know I can be difficult , but I did not make myself this way .
 It was Mikael who ruined me .
 He ruined me , too . That 's what you forget .
 Centuries later , each of us is broken ... you with your anger and paranoia , me with my fear of abandonment ... and poor Elijah ... he dedicates himself to everyone but himself .


 We are the strongest creatures in the world , and yet was are damaged beyond repair .
 We live without hope , but we will never die .
 We are the definition of " cursed " ... always and forever .


 How is she ?
 Depressed .
 She needs real help , maybe a stay in an institution where she can get round- the- clock care and medication .
 No , no , no .
 She stays in a place like that , she is never getting out .
 You have a better idea ?
 I could take her back to her people .
 What ?
 There are bigger things going on here , Cami .
 It 's the only chance that she has .
 We have to talk about this .
 I 'm not asking for permission .
 Yaah !
 Uh ! Aah !
 Ugh ...
 Now we 're even .
 [ Trumpet playing ]



 So we have a deal ?
 Davina is asleep .
 When she wakes up , I 'll explain everything . Then I 'll bring her here .
 Meantime , we need to lower that barrier .
 Celeste cast a powerful spell .
 Fortunately for you , she 's gone .
 Her power bled back into the earth .
 Now I can channel it , manipulate it .
 It 'll take some doing , but then , I 'm pretty good at what I do .
 One more thing ,
 I need you to fix the priest .
 Sorry .
 A hex like that , if it 's had time to take root , there 's no undoing it .
 Fine .
 Just get Rebekah out .
 I 'll have to undo the entire spell .
 Can 't let one Original out without letting them all out .
 It doesn 't matter , and just so you know , even if Klaus is free , if you hurt Davina in any way ...
 Marcel , it 's over .
 You lost .
 Try and have a little dignity .
 We 're still trapped in here .
 Whatever you 're going to do to me , do it now .
 [ Music playing ]
 You said our father ruined us ... and I can 't help but wonder , what if his father ruined him ?
 [ Creak ]
 The barrier is down .
 I know you hate me , but what 's done is done .
 What 's done is never done .
 It remains within us , a story we tell ourselves so we know who we are ... vicious father , a bastard son , and the sister who betrayed him .
 Perhaps it 's time for a new story .

 What is it you want , Rebekah ?
 Same things that I 've wanted since I was a child .

 I want a home . I want a family .
 I want someone to love me , and I want to live .
 Then go .
 Go far away and never come back .
 We are far too damaged to remain together ,
 less a family now than a volatile mix of ingredients .
 New Orleans will be mine .
 I will raise my child here in the city you took from me .
 No doubt , Elijah will choose to stay , but you , sister , you are free .



 I thought I might find you here .
 I just came to collect the last of my things that didn 't burn to ash .
 I 'll be leaving shortly . I don 't suppose you have any desire to join me .
 I do hope you find everything you 're looking for .

 Elijah , when I brought Mikael ,
 I never for a second meant to hurt you . I know .
 I was certain that Klaus meant to kill me .
 Whether he never really did at all or he changed his mind ...
 Maybe somewhere deep down , he still is the brother we once knew .
 Very deep , but ...
 he 's still in there .

 Help him find his way .



 Is there a reason why you lot are loitering in my home ?
 Marcel :
 I asked them to be here .
 You and I need to settle this out in the open .
 I thought you would 've run off by now .
 Yeah .
 Well , this is my town .
 You may want me to beg forgiveness , but I 'm not sorry .
 I may not be able to beat you , but I came here to face you , to end this in front of my people .
 If you 're gonna kill me for that , get on with it .


 Good evening .
 I trust I need no introduction .
 After all , this was once my family home .
 Tonight I 'm taking it back .
 Your privileges here have been revoked .
 Marcellus , out of respect for my sister , I will grant you this one mercy .
 I will allow you to keep your life .
 However , you 're hereby exiled .
 If I so much as find a trace of you in the French quarter , it will not end well for you .
 Do you understand ?

 That is all .
 Run along .

 Nicely done , brother .
 You 're beginning to sound like me .
 I 'm impressed .



 Rebekah : I was thinking , my mother was consecrated and buried here .
 She is forever bound to this land , but not me .
 I 'm finally free .
 And you ?

 Your brothers came in this town like they own the place ,
 like they own me , took my home , my people , everything .
 I can 't just run away .
 I 'm not asking you to . I 'm not a fool .
 I see how much you love this city , and I am not the kind of girl who likes to share .

 I do wish you had finished building our home .
 Even if I 'd never set foot inside , it would have been nice if there was something beautiful left standing after all of this .
 [ Music playing ]

 Good- bye , Marcel Gerard .
 Do try to stay alive .

 Rebekah , what are you doing here ?
 I came to say good- bye .
 What happened to us girls sticking together ?
 Well , Nik and I came to a sort of all- or- nothing arrangement .
 I leave town for good , he allows me to .
 Can 't pass that up .
 1, 000 years with Klaus ,
 I guess you deserve a few vacation days .
 Listen . About Nik , he is a monster .
 Do not ever cross him , but he does want more from life than to just be feared .
 He 's too broken to find it himself , but I do believe there is hope for him in the baby that you carry , and speaking of your child , our family has no shortage of enemies .


 She will inherit all of them .
 Please be careful .

 You know you can always come back and visit .
 I 've been known to keep a secret or two from Klaus .
 Well , if I can 't , you make sure to tell that little girl stories of her crazy Auntie Bex and let her know , despite my absence ,
 I do love her very much .

 - synced and corrected by chamallow - - www . addic7ed . com -
