0 0 : 0 0 : 3 6 , 2 8 0 - -&gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 3 8 , 1 2 0 ‎ What did you learn in class? ‎ Your fingers are all wrong
‎ Mom, you 're too picky
‎ If you do it, do it your best

‎ Who is it?
‎ My partner, we need extra time to rehearse
‎ - I told you already‎ - Yes, but . . .
‎ Don 't stop to chat
‎ Remember she thought your parents were Indian too

‎ Hi, Mrs. Hannan, how are you?
‎ Note her pinky
‎ Mom!










‎ I 'm going to orgasm



‎ Xiaoli, you are really crazy
‎ NETFLIX Original Series
‎ You are here again
‎ sorry



‎ Why do you wash your car?
‎ I went to wash the day before. What are you doing? Adam


‎ You forgot to close the window! ‎ (Happy Birthday to the Pretzel Shop! ‎ We will give you a free burrito)

‎ goddamn



‎ sorry


‎ What are you doing?

‎ He shot at me!

‎ Can I get off the bus? please
‎ - watch out for the cake‎ - sorry

‎ Can I get off the bus? please
‎ - Are you all right? ‎ - It 's okay, I just wanted to get out of the car


‎ He came on me
‎ What the hell is this?
‎ My Magician Handkerchief
‎ What kind of magician are you, Jeffrey
‎ - Maeve‎ - What 's wrong?
‎ Do you know what day it is today?
‎ Rent Payment Date
‎ Yes, I 'll get it to you later

‎ what a good boy
‎ He had an accident
‎ He was attacked by a group of teens
‎ Stop gossiping, Cynthia
‎ Turn the handkerchief into the trash, Jeffrey
‎ What a fool
‎ - Mike‎ - What 's wrong?
‎ He worked hard


‎ Dad, sorry

‎ I 'll help you at Brown 's store tonight at eight o 'clock ‎ Arrange for a temporary trip to work
‎ The other party only uses you for my face‎ Don 't be late

‎ Why are you wearing a scarf?
‎ - Is it for Racine? ‎ - not
‎ No, I always like to wear scarves
‎ - Why is your mother still here? ‎ - don 't know
‎ - Looks like she 's staying ‎ - Hi, Eric
‎ hi son
‎ Don 't call me that at school, Mom
‎ Don 't forget the dinner party tonight
‎ That 's it, you can continue to act like I don 't exist anymore
‎ What does dinner party mean?
‎ Dinner Party is me, my mother‎ Euler and Jacob‎ getting together to get to know each other‎
‎ I can 't believe you finally got a girlfriend

‎ Turns out she 's basically your sister, so funny
‎ By the way, no one should tell your mother about the sex therapy clinic?
‎ Otherwise it will be embarrassing
‎ Isn 't it?
‎ Everyone runs to your mother for help?
‎ No one will go to my mom . . .
‎ - Yeah, especially . . . ‎ - Eric, good morning
‎ - Racine, Good Morning‎ - Your scarf is so pretty
‎ Is it? I don 't even remember wearing a scarf
‎ - Can I ask you one thing? ‎ - Yes


‎ Got it

‎ OK, then I 'm in
‎ - yes, cool‎ - good


‎ Do you want to go out with me sometime?
‎ Going on a date?
‎ Yeah, how was tonight?
‎ Of course
‎ Cool, see you tonight
‎ Cool‎ The itinerary is up to you to decide
‎ I 'm not familiar with this place


‎ - Are you going to audition for a play? ‎ - Yes, I 'm going after Juliet
‎ Who played Juliet?
‎ I 'm joking, I was taken, it 's nothing

‎ ( What would you like to learn from sex education? )

‎ ( Big Wet Saved Me! )
‎ Wet?




‎ come in, please take a seat
‎ It 's safe here, you can share anything you want
‎ Sorry, this used to be a history classroom
‎ Break it up


‎ hateful

‎ Lily, hi, I have a question
‎ You just . . . you didn 't tell my mom that, I was just . . .
‎ Being a sex magician?
‎ yes
‎ No, we didn 't talk about that
‎ - What are you looking at? ‎ - my mom

‎ - I 'm looking at my mom‎ - wow, you really care about her
‎ I don 't trust her
‎ That dinner party tonight should be fun too
‎ We do not have to attend
‎ Why don 't we just say we 're not going?
Confidence
‎ At least they wanted to make it less embarrassing
‎ If it 's too embarrassing, then we 'll go to your room and play Super Smash Bros.
‎ - okay‎ - okay?
‎ - good‎ - great

‎ see you later
‎ - I have to talk to Otis‎ - No problem
‎ No, we don 't discount
‎ That 's all I have, I haven 't received my pocket money yet
‎ You want to solve your sexual troubles, but you are still taking pocket money?
‎ - yeah‎ - we 're not a charity, okay?
‎ Save enough money and come back, then I 'll make an appointment for you
‎ New client?
‎ not
‎ There will be a few consultations tomorrow
‎ listen
‎ I think the fact that my mother is in school‎ should affect our business
‎ - You must be thinking too much ‎ - You don 't know my mother
‎ She said she was just here to collect information
‎ But before you know it, everyone will be influenced by her
‎ Well, let 's be careful
‎ Happy Birthday! I baked a cake
‎ - Why didn 't you say today is your birthday? ‎ - because I hate birthdays
‎ No one hates birthdays, Maeve
‎Why celebrate a day when I was pushed out of a vagina against my own will‎?
‎ If you were not born
‎ There is no shortage of so many nihilistic wisdom in this world.
‎ happy birthday and have fun
‎ You should tell him now
‎ What do you want to do for your birthday?
‎ nothing
‎ What 's up with this cake?
‎ It was alright‎ but a guy shot me in the leg while I was on the bus‎ I freaked out, and it hit the cake
‎ What?
‎ Can 't get rid of it?
‎ I love this jeans
‎ You have to go to the police
‎ No, it 's not very expensive
‎ No, you were violated
‎He should just be lonely, or his mind is unclear for a while. Strange to say, he is quite handsome
‎ Amy, this is a big deal
‎ Just a little stupid, I 'm really fine
‎ Well, I know what to do for my birthday
‎ We 're going to the police station
‎ Where do you take Euler on your first date?
‎ We didn 't actually date

‎ Just started dating
‎ What does it mean?
‎ like playing video games, chatting, eating cereal
‎ Otis, these are the things we will do
‎ Yes, but I won 't kiss you
‎ French people should like a more formal date
‎ - Where should I take him? ‎ - take it easy
‎ As long as you 're together, it doesn 't matter where you go
‎ why should I ask you
‎ you never dated



‎ How are you talking to your students?
‎ seems a little quiet
‎ Now . . . it 's early

‎ I want to reiterate that ‎ Morday High School did not hire you as a counselor
‎ That 's right
‎ You made it very clear
‎ I 'm just here to talk to the students about the syllabus
‎ If they come to talk to you
‎ welcome
‎ Hi, I 'm here to talk about sex education
‎ Of course, please take a seat
‎ and‎ when you leave, can you please close the door? Principal Grove
‎ Thanks!
‎ Good. . .
‎ What 's your name?
‎ Maleyamir
‎ Maleyamir, nice to meet you, Maleya
‎ I don 't have to pay, do I?
‎ not necessary
‎ Ok, so. . . ‎ What do you think is missing from the sex education curriculum?
‎ I have a friend‎ whose girlfriend covers his face with pillows when they have sex
‎ Maybe the syllabus can talk about this kind of thing?
‎ so funny
‎ It would be nice to have fetishes in the syllabus
‎ Fetish?
‎ Yes, there are literally hundreds of types of fetishes‎ Listen, fetishes usually also start in adolescence
‎ There could be many reasons behind covering the other person 's face during sex, such as she wants to try ‎ choking sex‎ or even fulfill her masked fantasies
‎ Or, although rare, sometimes
‎ This represents the tendency to love ghosts
‎ - Haunting tendencies? ‎ - Exactly
‎ Some people cover each other 's faces during sex because they secretly want to have sex with spirits or ghosts
‎ So my girlfriend is mentally ill
‎ I thought you said that was your friend 's girlfriend?
‎ I have to go
‎ so funny
‎ Wow, who can guess?
‎ Do you want to have sex with a ghost?
‎ What?
‎ Whatever your face-covering fetish stands for‎ you have to find out why‎ because it 's creepy and scary‎ and it 's also disturbing to me

‎ OK, I 'll get you a form to fill out
‎ Look, she 's the real deal
‎ You are also really in trouble
‎ There 's a big hole in Hale Street, damn council

‎ come on
‎ Actually it 's like he sneezed at me
‎ Amy, he came on you, right?
‎ yes
‎ Soy milk is like a man 's dick sneezing
‎ Although saying this means that if you swallow sperm, it is equivalent to eating the other person 's snot
‎ You guys sit and wait a while
‎ Hi, do you need any help?
‎ hello

‎ This is my friend Amy
‎ She was raped on the bus
‎ I have cum on my pants
‎ We should be wasting your time
‎ You are not wasting anyone 's time
‎ Would you like to make a phone call?
‎ Damn, do I need a lawyer? Will I be arrested?
‎ No, sorry, I didn 't make it clear‎ I meant your mom or someone else
‎ Omg, no, she 's so dramatic
‎ Well, then you sit down and fill out the form
‎ The police officer will come and talk to you in a while
‎ thank you
‎ you forgot the cake
‎ - Is anyone having a birthday today? ‎ - Yes, it 's my birthday

‎ that means merry christmas
‎ - Is it? ‎ - hmm


‎ man is weird
‎ I think it 's cute
‎ Why do people think old people are cute?
‎ How do you know he hasn 't sexually assaulted someone on the bus before?
‎ I mean the lizard


‎ This year 's drama 'Romeo and Juliet' ‎ is not just a drama, but also a . . . ‎ Stay tuned

‎ Musical! everyone!

‎ Who 's up? I 'm so excited, right?

‎ The musical will be written and co-directed by ‎ Aighardt of the Swing Band‎ Auditions are scheduled for early tomorrow morning
‎ Guys, I think this time is really special
‎ This is a good opportunity for you to find your place‎ and shine
‎ Hey, you forgot the audition speech
‎ What is this wind blowing?
‎Jackson Marchetti is downgrading to choose the drama of the school?
‎ What a surprise
‎ Actually, I don 't know Shakespeare very well, teacher‎ I really don 't understand very well
‎ This is the genius of Shakespeare 's iambic pentameter
‎ thanks
‎ hello
‎ This is not a history classroom
‎ No, I 'm Mike 's wife Maureen
‎ Sorry, I 'm Jane, a personality educator

‎ hello
‎ This is Principal Grove 's dinner‎ I deliver it every Wednesday
‎ If he wants to grade, he will work overtime
‎ - How are you guys doing? ‎ - very good
‎ That 's good, I 'm getting the hang of it
‎ nice
‎ Mike 's first term as principal‎ Almost crying every night when he came home
‎ Don 't tell him that 's what I said
‎ Anyway, I 'm glad you can hold on
‎ thank you
‎ I was thinking . . .
‎ What 's wrong?

‎ I was wondering . . . ‎ Can you tell me ‎ what shade is your lipstick?

‎ really nice

‎ I don 't remember
‎ But next time you come to school, why don 't you stop by? I 'll tell you then
‎ great
‎ - Then I 'll quickly bring dinner to the King of Love and Angry‎ - Okay
‎ Jane, nice to meet you
‎ Maureen, me too
‎ Would you like to come to my house before your date?
‎ No, I haven 't decided what to wear. ‎ What should I wear?
‎ - It 's all the time‎ - Otis
‎ I don 't have time to chat with you
‎ I have to go home and try all the clothes on
‎ Just don 't wear a scarf
‎ Then why don 't you go to the broken place?
‎ Olivia, Omg!
‎ You are dangerous
‎ All thanks to your mom‎ Now my boyfriend thinks I want to kill him
‎ Why?
‎ Because sometimes when I orgasm‎ I cover his face with a pillow‎ Now your mom thinks I have a fetish
‎ - But you didn 't? ‎ - that 's just because my orgasm face is ugly
‎ I saw it in the mirror, it 's super ugly
‎ I look like a boa constrictor that has swallowed an egg‎ and Marlene has always been so perfect
‎ Well‎ It 's normal to feel like you 're being watched during sex and to feel vulnerable
‎ He probably thinks he 's stupid sometimes
‎ We may think we look stupid‎ or unattractive‎ but sex isn 't always perfect‎ it 's about feeling, not looking beautiful
‎ It 's a privilege to see that side of each other
‎ Maybe you and your boyfriend can try to trust each other‎ so that you can show yourself‎ fully to him
‎ Even the less beautiful parts
‎ Because I bet he didn 't think that way
‎ Then‎ I have a method that should help
‎ I got a B+ in algebra
‎ You know that 's not really a high score, right?
‎ So do you want to do your English or math homework today?
‎ this
‎ I 'm thinking of getting selected for a school play‎ but I don 't know anything about Shakespeare‎ I don 't know if you can help me
‎ - none of my business, math or English‎ - please
‎ If it weren 't for you, how could I get a B+ in algebra
‎ You must know Shakespeare well, right?
‎ please
‎ You are not cute at all

‎ And why do you want to audition?
‎ I listened to what you said, I 'm looking for a record
‎ When I played Joseph in Nativity in elementary school‎ Everyone said I was good
‎ - You 'd better play Joseph‎ - please
‎ Please, you are so good at teaching
‎ okay
‎ - but this time‎ - ok
‎ Read the speech to me
‎ - Now? ‎ - yeah
‎ okay
‎ good
‎ ' That 's my girl, ah, that 's my love
‎ - ah, she knows she wears . . . ' ‎ - why do you
‎ - Looks like she 's reading a shopping list? ‎ - Because it doesn 't make sense
‎ this is poetry
‎ You have to master the rhythm‎ for the words to make sense
‎ Each line is five heartbeats made up of ten syllables‎

‎ you try

‎ 'Rise, beautiful sun, kill the jealous moon, she 's already pale with grief'
‎ Now you have mastered rhythm and words
‎ followed by emotion
‎ This passage is about love
‎So‎ when you read this, think about the person who can stir up waves in your heart


‎ Wish I could get my jeans back
‎ But do you really want it?
‎ Yeah, those flared pants are perfect, Maeve‎ that 's not easy to find
Accurate
‎ - Do you think they are watching us? ‎ - very likely

‎ - Ouch‎ - No
‎ - Amy‎ - I 'm sorry, I 'm really nervous


‎ not me
‎ Sorry, I fart when I 'm scared
‎ okay
‎ good
‎ Thanks for the jeans, Amy
‎ Where are we going?
‎ so‎ light hair, shaved, between 1 7 3 and 1 7 5 cm tall, wearing a blue coat
‎ It 's aqua blue
‎ And he was already on the bus?
‎ yes
‎ Probably
‎ It is also possible that you only got on the train at the second stop
‎ Where he got in the car is very important‎ so we can sort out the case
‎ So you remember you smiled at him
‎ Did this happen after the first or second stop?
‎ Sorry‎ but what does that have to do with this?
‎ Are you saying she shouldn 't smile at him?
‎ This kind of charge is hard to convict‎ If we do catch him‎ Follow-up questions will be harder to answer
‎ Can you give me the jeans back?
‎ I 'm leaving‎ I 'm really sorry to make such a big fuss
‎ Amy. . .
‎ What if he does this to other people? ‎ I believe you can do it
Confidential?
‎ You did a great job, Amy
‎ Yes
‎ take it slow
‎ try to recall
‎ He was already on the bus
‎ How are you doing at school today? Euler
‎ very good
‎ How are you doing at school today? mom
‎ How are you getting along with my classmates?
‎ I have a great time, thank you


‎ dad

‎ - Okay ‎ - Sorry
‎ I sometimes eat poorly

‎ I 've been single for too long


‎ My mom was single for a long time and she doesn 't eat like that
‎ Otis

‎ it 's delicious

‎ Don 't you eat this?
‎ Otis doesn 't like fat
‎ Is it?

‎ Can you give it to me?
‎ Do you still have it? Gone
‎ thank you
‎ Fatty meat is the best

‎ That 's not good for the heart
‎ Is it? That has no basis in fact
‎ I disagree
‎ I 'm not bad
‎ okay
‎ Why don 't we take a deep breath and simply say what I 'm really feeling right now
‎ Say what comes to mind
‎ ok, I 'll start first, bored
‎ immature
‎ - selfish‎ - uncomfortable
‎ aggression
‎ - too sensitive‎ - too long adjective, mom
‎ Monopoly
‎ Why don 't we play Monopoly?
‎ Are you ready? we give you a ride
‎ Is the lizard going to be caught?
‎ No, his owner has Alzheimer 's
‎ He forgot why he was at the police station ‎ and he forgot to take it home
‎ Neil, let 's go to dinner‎ and drop them off by the way?
‎ ( Monopoly )
‎ Don 't worry
‎ No need to pay
‎ enjoy my hotel
‎ I 'll pay, but I 'll have to take another mortgage on the house
‎ No need, I already have a lot of money
‎ This is not how the game is played
‎ I 'll play by the rules, please lend me four hundred pounds
‎ I said it 's okay
‎ I say related
‎ I don 't want money
‎ I want you to take it
‎ According to the rules, you actually owe me six hundred pounds
‎ six hundred

‎ - You 're Bankrupt‎ - Damn, I know I 'm bankrupt!
‎ Okay, let me make tea

‎ Why? Where is this normal now?
‎ Ora is my girlfriend‎ You are not my dad‎ We are not fucking family
‎ You shouldn 't talk dirty in front of your mom
‎ Thanks, Jacob‎ But you don 't have to teach me how to teach kids
‎ Well, then I should go home
‎ Let you talk slowly

‎ He was always . . . He was always here, and I . . .
‎ See you at our school

‎ I want you to apologize to Jacob early tomorrow morning
‎ Of course, he lives here anyway‎ I don 't have to go out at all
‎ I know you 're angry
‎ But I 'm happy with Jacob
‎ Can 't you be happy for me?
‎ No, Mom, you 're pretending to be happy
‎ You are not the material for a stable relationship at all
‎ stop fooling yourself
‎ Otherwise, you are actually not as independent as you think
‎ Go back to your room!
‎ I am 16 years old
‎ Good!
‎ Then I 'll go back to my room

‎ hey

‎ Is it easy to find here?
‎ Easy to find, this town is really small
‎ cool

‎ Where did you buy this cake?
‎ You should ask him for a refund
‎ This is what Amy did
‎ I 'm sorry, Amy, it 's just not to my taste
‎ It 's okay, this is the first cake I 've ever made
‎ I want to be a baker after graduation
‎ very good
‎ Are you having a birthday party?
‎ - no‎ - she hates birthdays
‎ Why? birthday so fun
‎ Don 't you do something romantic with your boyfriend?
‎ I don 't have a boyfriend
‎ But she has a boy she likes
‎ It 's just that she didn 't dare to tell him her real mood‎ It 's really stupid, because he obviously likes her too
‎ Shut up, Amy, you don 't know
‎ I think you should tell him‎ What do you have to lose?

‎ I 'm sorry, I ordered a special.‎ What 's the horse?
‎ You ordered potato cold soup
‎ Steak coming soon
‎ cool, ok




‎ - Is your soup delicious? ‎ - it 's cold

‎ This is cold soup, Racine


‎ Have you been here before?
‎ My parents came here for their wedding anniversary, so . . .
‎ I thought it would be pretty good
‎ Let 's go somewhere else
‎ - Where to go? ‎ - take me to a place that will make you happy
‎ - but we haven 't paid yet‎ - what does it matter?
‎ You can 't live in fear



‎ Yes, yes
‎ This half is yours, that 's mine



‎ So you swipe the barcode with the scanner like this




‎ Jessie was adopted by me
‎ she 's not trained so don 't let her out‎ or she 'll run away

‎ OK, let me have a look


‎ Impossible, I don 't want, I really don 't dance
‎ No, Racine, come on, this is fun
‎ I can 't dance, I don 't want to dance
‎ You said to take you to a place that would make me happy
‎ For me?

‎ Are you ready? Okay


‎ after, before, after . . .



‎ That 's it



‎ Look, you 're just Beyonce
‎ - it 's fun‎ - you 're super strong
‎ I mean it, Racine, you see . . .
‎ Did you just kiss me?
‎ That 's right, Eric Ephian, I kissed you
‎ Shall we dance again?
‎ okay?
‎ give me the money, thank you

‎ Really great, I had a great time
‎Why don 't you kill me with a pillow by doing this?
‎ We got to see the ugliest side of each other
‎ Do you still want to have sex with me?
‎ think
‎ Do you still want to have sex with me?
‎ Of course


‎ I live here
‎ Would you like to come and see?
‎ ok

‎ Very sexy, I live above the store




‎ When did you come back?
‎ none of your business, trombone man
‎ Do you know each other?
‎ We used to be from the same school

‎ so be it
‎ It 's a little late, I should go home, sorry
‎ Well, come back another day

‎ Thank you for staying with me tonight


‎ good
‎ to break
‎ 'Rise, beautiful sun, kill the jealous moon, she 's already pale with grief'

‎ Jackson?
‎ Is this your home?
‎ Yes
‎ so pretty
‎ Will you tell me to get my jeans back?
‎ Of course, thank you, Amy
‎ I 'm sorry I ruined your birthday
‎ Strange to say ‎ I haven 't had such a great birthday in a long time
‎ - ok, break out‎ - break
‎ - Baby Amy! ‎ - good night mom
‎ No . . . how was your day?
‎ Come in. . .
‎ Come in and chat with me
‎ How do you wear sweatpants?
‎ so unattractive
‎ Because my jeans fell off
‎ How did your jeans fall?
‎ I 'm on the bus . . .
‎ I don 't know what happened
‎ Why don 't I make you a cheese sandwich? ‎ You tell me all the gossip
‎ I love hearing who kissed who. . .
‎ I 'm a little tired

‎ Why don 't we go to the movies?
‎ Find one with . . . Ryan Gosling
‎ He is so handsome
‎ Or was that Ryan Reynolds?
‎ - Which do I like? ‎ - Gosling
‎ I 'm going to bed

‎ Mom, I love you
‎ well, daughter



‎ happy birthday
‎ What happened to your face?
‎ I told him I had other kids before‎ and it didn 't go well
‎ not before
‎ you still have other children
‎ You are my saviour, frog face
‎ you can come in ‎ but we 're not going to pretend everything is fine
‎ Because everything is bad
‎ understand
‎ come on, daughter
‎ I 'm here to apologize to your dad

‎ ok, I 'll call him
‎ dad

‎ He just wants to talk to you

‎ - hi‎ - hi
‎ My mom wants me to come over and apologize to you
‎ So, I 'm sorry
‎ Actually not necessary‎ but thank you anyway
‎ I already have a dad
‎ I understand
‎ it doesn 't matter
‎ Hey, are you going to school?
‎ I should be leaving
‎ Thank you and have a nice day
‎ - Dad, Goodbye‎ - Bye

‎ Are you okay?
‎ I 'm sorry, I didn 't mean to take this one

‎ 'Ah! Romeo, Romeo‎ Why are you Romeo?
‎ Deny your father, give up your name, and if you refuse, just swear to be my lover
‎ I 'm no longer from the Capalettes '
‎ Ok thanks, Florence
‎ I haven 't gotten to the best part yet
‎ Juliet felt like she was in love‎ and she died, we got it
‎ next


‎ Jackson
‎ He must have played badly
‎ please start
‎ 'Rise, beautiful sun, and kill the jealous moon, she pales with grief because you 're a maid who is prettier than her.
‎ Don 't be her maid because she 's jealous . . . ‎ I think we 've found Romeo
‎ Make her sick and green
‎ Only fools are chaste
‎ let it go'
‎ How is the family dinner?
‎ Omg, what a mess
‎ Where 's your date?
‎ We . . . kissed
‎ - Did you kiss? ‎ - we kissed
‎ - Great, right? ‎ - Really?
‎ - Yes, we kissed! ‎ - Eric
‎ Can I accompany you to Chinese food?
‎ Can . . .
‎ - can‎ - good



‎ hey
‎ hi
‎ - Maybe your mom will be a problem‎ - Exactly
‎ What happened to your birthday later?
‎ very surprised
‎ That 's right
‎ I have something for you
‎ You gave me a five-year diary?
‎ I ripped all of your birthday off‎ so you don 't have to celebrate your birthday for the next five years
‎ - thanks‎ - no

‎ see you later
‎ Otis
‎ I . . . ‎ I . . .

‎ What 's wrong?


‎ how?

‎ If you give me another birthday present‎ I 'm going to punch you in the face, pig head‎ Okay

‎ I will not





‎ Subtitle translation: Lin Nianzhen
