0 0 : 0 0 : 1 2 , 8 4 0 - - &gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 1 4 , 6 4 0 ‎ Hey. .



‎ Is your pubic hair green too? Komi frog
‎ What the hell is that?
‎ - Willie is a freak‎ - She 's super weird

‎You have to be careful when you dress like this
‎ you have to be careful not to continue preaching‎ old-fashioned male hegemony
‎ It 's hard for people like you to like you


‎ Come on, Comey Frog, let 's see your pubic hair
‎ You bitch!
‎ That 's right, I am


‎ NETFLIX Original Series


‎ (from Wei: Can we chat?)


‎ good morning
‎ Why are you in my bed?
‎ If you dare to tell others‎ I will ruin your life
‎ Are we going to bed?
‎ Of course we went to bed, Otis
‎ I didn 't stay here because I liked your company
‎ But I can 't find a condom
‎ We went to bed without condoms?
‎ - No, I 'm pretty sure we have a cover‎ - Where 's that cover?
‎ I don 't know, it just disappeared

‎ Shouldn 't it be swallowed by your vagina?
‎ - I heard there were girls . . . ‎ - I can 't believe I slept with you
‎ Well, Ruby‎ We definitely use condoms, right?
‎ Yes, I 'm 99% sure


‎ - Sorry‎ - Otis!
‎ down


‎ hello
‎ - I 'm Ruby‎ - Hello, Ruby
‎ Your jumpsuit is so pretty

‎ - Thanks, this is . . . ‎ - I 'm just being polite
‎ I have to go to school
‎ You said it was a small party!
‎ There were only ten people
‎ But Eric invited a bunch of people over ‎ and in a blink of an eye there were 150 strangers in the house
‎ - 150 Strangers? ‎ - I didn 't mean to
‎ Otis!
‎ Sounds like you 're not very responsible
‎ I have a counselor coming this afternoon‎ and the house is in a mess!
‎ It was too loud and I was late too ‎ My head hurts and I . . .
‎ I 'll help you clear up later
‎ - later? ‎ - yes
‎ Later? Otis!



‎ goodbye baby love you
‎ - Are you spying again? ‎ - I don 't trust her
‎ - Who? Wrestler? ‎ - no fuck
‎ What is she doing there?
‎Joe, please take a look, I can 't see

‎ I don 't know, she 's watching TV
‎ I knew something was wrong with her
‎ Yes, hurry up and call the police‎ Our neighbors are watching 'Buy Low, Sell High'





‎ How do you feel? Great love
‎ Why is the world so bright?
‎ Because you drank too much‎ You offended your unrequited lover and ex-girlfriend‎ and vomited on yourself‎ Almost everyone in the school knew you were terrible at dancing‎ Eric



‎ - I slept with Ruby‎ - What?
‎ - Silence ‎ - Are you sure you 're in bed?
‎ She 's pretty sure, but I can 't remember the details
‎ I feel so weird, it 's like a panic attack‎ for a long time for no reason
‎ or I 'm just too thirsty . . . maybe both
‎ Okay, calm down and listen to me
‎ This may not be the same romantic fantasy you imagined as Maeve‎ in a forest glade
‎ I don 't have that fantasy
‎ But you 're not a virgin anymore! marvelous!
‎ - That 's awesome, right? ‎ - not great at all
‎ - Sex Has Consequences‎ - Not That You Will Be
‎ Ruby 's Evil Next Generation 's Dad

‎ Are you wearing a condom?
‎ Yes?
‎ Otis, I noticed you didn 't answer my question
‎ gosh
‎ Hi Maeve

‎ I 'm really sorry about what happened last night
‎ - I said . . . ‎ - I heard you fucked Ruby
‎ Who knew Dashi could know how to play so well

‎ Congratulations
‎ too cruel
‎ No way!
‎ I 'm so ashamed!
‎ Dude, did you see it?
‎ What 's going on here?

‎ I 'm drunk
‎ - Indeed, you are drunk‎ - Really?
‎ You told Dr. Milburn that I have pubic lice
‎ - I read you might have a pubic lice‎ - Exaggerated
‎ Mrs. Shanz likes Mr. Henrix‎ Sensational words in bed
‎ - too fierce‎ - this is too fierce
‎ What did Jane do?
‎ Your mother said I was normal
‎ she cheats
‎ ' Connor Pearson admits to masturbating 17 times a day
‎ - It 's close to overkill' ‎ - I 'm a monster
‎ something bad
‎ How did Jane let her records flow out?
‎ Anyway, I have to go first
‎ I 'm going to practice with a swing band
‎ 1 7 times?
‎ really dirty

‎ What the hell?
‎ I thought it was confidential!
‎ I promise you all‎ We will find out
‎ Jackson, wait!
‎ - I have to tell them‎ - We are not friends anymore, Wei
‎ You also said a lot to me
‎ Well, we weren 't friends from the beginning
‎ Amy, you 're covered in dirt
‎ yes
‎ Can we talk?
‎ Not now, Steve‎ I 'm late for gym class
‎ Amy, guess what?
‎ Otis slept with Ruby last night
‎ That must be nothing
‎ Are you okay?
‎ It 's okay, he must not mean it ‎ He 's really drunk

‎ yes



‎ Hi, I 'm Jane
‎ Hey, Miss Milburn‎, you have to come to school at four this afternoon.
‎ something happened
‎ - What happened? ‎ - please come over at four o 'clock
‎ see you then
‎ Damn! Come and see this
‎ gosh

‎ Stop procrastinating
‎ not me
‎ - not me‎ - I have no time for this
‎ Someone is about to fall


‎ It 's strange that you 're not late
‎ I have something to do, can you take care of Jessie?
‎ - Yes, I like dogs‎ - Really?

‎ She 's really annoying and can 't even sit down

‎ it 's fine




‎ Come here right now

‎ Teacher, can I go to the toilet?
‎ Can 't you wait? Milburn, class is almost over.
‎ No, teacher, I . . .
‎ I have hemorrhoids

‎ Got it, I understand your pain
‎ We are ill

‎ Otis . . .

‎ for what?

‎ Ok, so . . . ‎ Remember I was 9 9 percent sure that condoms work?
‎ - remember‎ - actually it should be 9 6 . 5 percent
‎ I can 't remember the details‎ I should have threw it in the trash‎ but I 'm not sure
‎ OK, so what do we do now?


‎ - Want to play Smash Bros.? ‎ - no
‎ Church service tonight
‎ - Is church boring? ‎ - no
‎ It 's actually fun, we can sing and have plantains
‎ With luck‎ sometimes an aunt named Gloria
‎ - Can speak dialect‎ - cool
‎ - Can I go too? ‎ - You won 't want to come
‎ should be fun, unless you don 't want me
‎ Not! of course
‎ But I 'll be a little different in church
‎ I get more serious, you know?
‎ OK, no problem
‎ - Really? ‎ - hmm
‎ Then let 's go to church

‎ What are you doing here?
‎ We set you up with a counselor
‎ - Can 't change another day? ‎ - No, just now, get in the car

‎ Get in the car
‎ Oops
‎ Okay, I don 't like‎ leaving you guys after school
‎ But it 's serious
‎ I have nothing to do with this at all‎ and it doesn 't look good on my resume
‎ - So can I go home? ‎ - no
‎ Somebody here thinks it 's funny to write something vicious on me in the mirror‎
‎ Until this man confesses‎ We all have to stay here
‎ Nobody wants to say something?
‎ Well, until someone is willing to speak
‎ Circle every A in the newspaper
‎ - Teacher, it 's not very constructive ‎ - Sluts humiliate your teachers too
‎ Start the circle, I 'll check back later
‎ Have you ever done such a thing?
‎ No! What do you mean? ‎ You had a great time last night too
‎ I know, I don 't mean anything else
‎ Listen, I don 't want a pale, lanky kid like you, okay?
‎ - So hurry in and buy it ‎ - Me?
‎ I can 't be seen buying aftercare, Otis
‎ Everyone can gossip
‎ go . . .
‎ You must tell Dr. Akin everything
‎ It may also be necessary to increase the dose‎ Are you taking medicine?
‎ Jackson, your mother is asking you
‎ Yes, I am taking medicine
‎ Then why didn 't you answer her just now?

‎ - Damn, gosh, it must have been a puncture‎ - Great, we 're going to be late



‎ - Is this something I can control? ‎ - You drive too fast

‎ Now you don 't have to come down here
‎ So who changed tires?
‎ My hand is just right
‎ great
‎ ( nasal spray)
‎ I have sensitive sinuses

‎ Can you give me another box of aftercare?
‎ - Excuse me? ‎ - Can you give me a box of afterthought?
‎ - I can 't hear‎ - After the fact
‎ - I still can 't hear‎ - After the fact
‎ I can 't sell you
‎ - Why? ‎ - You don 't have a vagina, sir

‎ This is not . . . this is a nasal spray
‎ You have to buy it yourself

‎ What? Why?

‎ It 's so embarrassing
‎ It 's not ashamed
‎ okay? this happens often
‎ There 's nothing to be ashamed of when a condom breaks or everyone forgot to wear it‎ or when the condom is missing

‎ I also want to tell you that if you are pregnant‎ and want to keep the baby‎ then I will drop out of school and find a job to support you

‎ - When was the last time you had sex? ‎ - last night
‎ Isn 't it obvious?
‎ Is there contraception?
‎ have
‎ should have

‎ What was used to prevent disappears
‎ I 'm sorry, I don 't exist
‎ - When was your last period? ‎ - two weeks ago
‎ Have you used emergency contraception before?
‎ No, why do people keep asking me this? ‎ I 'm not a slut
‎ Does anyone in your immediate family have a serious illness?
‎ My dad was found to have multiple sclerosis last year‎ and it was pretty serious
‎ So can I buy medicine?
‎ A total of 2 5 pounds
‎ his penis, he pays


‎ - Please don 't tell anyone I 'm here to buy medicine‎ - I don 't know who you are
‎ No way, everyone knows who I am


‎ - Okay, you 're kidding me‎ - Listen, I mean . . .
‎ - You don 't mess around with it‎ - You just push on first, and then . . .
‎ gosh, this is stupid‎ I 'm going to call them

‎ - I said no need‎ - You do this every time
‎ Why don 't you admit that you just can 't do it
‎ I can do it
‎ If so, why hasn 't it been done yet?

‎ And what are you laughing at?
‎ You should really get a divorce
‎ how could you say that
‎ It 's a fact
‎ You two keep arguing
‎ You are obviously very angry with your mother, but you pretend to be okay
‎ You 're too scared that I won 't love you like a real mother
‎ So most of the time you 're pushing us out
‎ I just think if you both get divorced, everyone will be happier
‎ Got it, I 'll go after her
‎ mom
‎ (This is ridiculous! )
‎ I 'm done too

‎ You should circle all the A 's
‎ - not just articles‎ - you can be really stupid sometimes, Amy
‎ - Olivia, do you want to be blinded by this pen? ‎ - You guys are so old-fashioned
‎ Except for you, Lily, you are really weird
‎ - Thanks‎ - What type are you? Pythagoras
‎ - Except for the freaks‎ - The really smart one
‎ Really
‎ Olivia, Principal Grove wants to see you


‎ shut up
‎ Does anyone want to admit it?
‎ Then circle the I
‎ Please, Mr. Shanz, what 's the point of this
‎ OK, do you want a challenge?
‎ Then use the remaining time on probation‎ to prepare a report‎ What brings you women together?
‎ One or all of you‎ are trying to destroy my fellow woman‎ Now you can take the time‎ and think about what you have in common
‎ - Are you kidding me? ‎ - this is no joke
‎ You have two hours to figure out how to inspire me
‎ unless you want to be placed on school probation for a month
‎ I want you to know‎ We really take these issues seriously

‎ Olivia, come in
‎ Did you know that Miss Milburn‎ gave Marley some sexual advice?
‎ ' Maleyamir mentioned that his girlfriend wanted to . . .
‎ - Fetish . . . ' ‎ - that 's my personal record
‎ Not for anyone to see
‎ I 'm sorry‎ but I don 't know why these are leaking
‎ Olivia, do you know how old your boyfriend is?
‎ He is 16 years old
‎ 15 years old
‎ - 15 years old? ‎ - Yes, I skipped a grade in primary school for a year
‎ - What does 'fetish' mean? Olivia‎ - Yamir is not an Indian
‎ We are Iranian
‎ - Iranian‎ - Are you 15?
‎ You could get arrested for statutory rape‎ This is serious
‎ - Iranians? ‎ - 15 years old? What are you doing, Marley?

‎ Alright, Mom. . . .
‎ We will not tell
‎ But how can you give a child‎ sexual advice? This is so bad
‎ I don 't
‎ I answered a ‎ possibly fetish-related question
‎ on this topic‎ I also gave the correct information
‎ - I didn 't ask them to do anything . . . ‎ - you shouldn 't be with a 15 year old
‎ On Fetishes, That 's Not Why We Hire You
‎ I also made it very clear
‎ Yes, but my report . . .
‎ This school is no longer needed, and neither do you
‎ 15 years old?

‎ Go back on probation, Olivia
‎ I hate it!
‎ Can we talk about why my private notes are scattered around your campus?
‎ I don 't know
‎ I can tell them‎ that 's what Dachshund suggested we do
‎ sorry, what did you say?
‎It 's Otis, his advice is weird, but it works
‎ It 's just that he charges too much, it 's really annoying
‎ That 's why I went to you because you don 't charge
‎ This is so stupid
‎ If we want to go home, we have to think of something
‎ - Does anyone like role-playing games? ‎ - I like
‎ I like Dungeons and Dragons
‎ I like dressing up as Ripley from Alien
‎ I don 't understand cosplay
‎ - What about shopping? ‎ - I hate shopping
‎ - me too‎ - we can 't
‎ Just pretend you like shopping‎ or role play?
‎ That 's called cheating
‎ We can try mind maps

‎ - What did Grove do with you? ‎ - I might get caught
‎ Because my boyfriend is only 15 years old
‎ Who else likes to eat tender grass?

‎ What is this doing?
‎ - figure out what we have in common‎ - things we both like
‎ - Are you okay? ‎ - I 'm fine, how about you?
‎ - I am fine‎ - fine
‎ went really well



‎ How long do you have?
‎ I gave them an impossible mission of women 's solidarity
‎ - They are busy‎ - You are so evil
‎ say it again
‎ you are so evil





‎ The church is really beautiful, Mrs. Efian‎ It 's not what I imagined
‎ - Will you go to a mosque? ‎ - Ancia, you can 't ask this
‎ Sorry Racine, you ignore my sister
‎ - I thought you were a Muslim‎ - Ansiah
‎ Eric, I don 't think your sister did it on purpose
‎ - I just want to know‎ - You don 't have to answer
‎ No, it doesn 't matter, my family is atheist
‎ What is an atheist?
‎ is a group of people who believe that God does not exist
‎ Are you all right? Can we be quiet now?
‎ We can 't have physical contact in church‎ Don 't come here, I don 't want to talk to you right now


‎ - That 's why I walked away‎ - This is bullshit, Mom
‎ I just . . . I need to be alone, Jackson
‎ I won 't leave until we speak
‎ That 's the most hurtful thing you can say to me
‎ I know
‎ That 's why I said

‎ - I 'm not serious, I 'm just angry‎ - No, you are serious
‎ I didn 't mean to make you cry

‎ I 've always been afraid‎ You will say I 'm not your real mother‎ Now you really say it‎ I feel a lot easier
‎ - Of course you are my real mother‎ - but you were not born to me
‎ - So what? ‎ - So when you say you want to swim
‎ I am so happy because I love swimming‎ and we can work together
‎ I thought it was because you couldn 't compete on your own, so I wanted me to fulfill your dreams for you
‎ That 's part of the reason
‎ - I really thought you liked swimming‎ - I did ‎ Really like it

‎ Do you know what I liked most when I was swimming when I was a kid?
‎ Because I can be with you
‎ You were my hero, Mom
‎ With you by my side‎ It makes me feel like I can do anything

‎ Why did you grow up?
‎ - I don 't want to swim anymore‎ - I know
‎ I can 't find the fun in it anymore
‎ But it has nothing to do with our relationship at all, okay?
‎ You gotta let me know myself well‎ and find out what I like to do
‎ But you are always. . . ‎ my real mom


‎ I 'm going to perform in a school play
‎ - what? ‎ - Exactly
‎ I 'm going to play Romeo

‎ You did a great job as Joseph

‎ Jessie, no

‎ sit down


‎ ( honey ham)


‎ waiting
‎ waiting

‎ sit down




‎ How are you? newcomer
‎ When will you care about others?
‎ I 'm honing my small talk skills
‎ Is he okay?

‎ Eric?
‎ he is confused
‎ I don 't know what happened between you ‎ but if you hurt him
‎ I won 't make you feel better
‎ I don 't want to hurt him anymore
‎ then don 't hurt him
‎ I said Diet Coke



‎ The Lord is with you
‎ The Lord is with you

‎ The Lord is with you
‎ Thank you, Pastor
‎ - welcome‎ - thank you
‎ The Lord is with you
‎ I 'm sorry, but I don 't believe in the Lord

‎ The Lord is with you
‎ I hope I didn 't offend him
‎ - No‎ - Hallelujah
‎ Hallelujah
‎ You agree to have sex with me? ‎ I 'm just . . . a little worried that you didn 't agree
‎ I have, Otis, I definitely said yes
‎ When I 'm sad, I touch the otaku
‎ That was totally intentional
‎ Why Otaku?
‎ Because they 'll think they 're in love with me‎ That 's awesome‎ until they get too clingy‎ and want to show me all the collections
‎ I don 't think I 'm in love with you
‎ Of course you didn 't
‎ Is my performance in bed okay?
‎ - It was my first time‎ - You are a virgin
‎ yes
‎ You 're not great, but you 're not bad either
‎ You keep asking me if I 'm okay
‎ - caring about each other is important‎ - you ask every ten seconds
‎ Are you embarrassing about your dad?
‎ a little
‎ He had to quit his job and my mom was so nervous
‎ But mainly because‎ I trimmed too much of my left eyebrow‎ The two sides are more symmetrical recently
‎ Symmetrical in my opinion
‎ Thank you for caring about me, many guys don 't care
‎ Sure to find something we all love
‎ - Chocolate? ‎ - like
‎ dislike
‎ Just tell Mrs. Shanz‎ we hate being in the same group‎ and have to be forced to unite because of gender
‎ Yeah, or I can pretend to like chocolate
‎ I know lying is nothing to you‎ but I am different
‎ What do you mean?
‎ You 're a radical feminist on the surface, but in fact you 're stabbing other girls in the back
‎ - that 's not true‎ - so you don 't
‎ - Are you trying to steal my boyfriend? ‎ - Can we stop fighting?
‎ Shut up, the show is about to start
‎ I 'm not trying to steal your boyfriend, Euler‎ but I have to tell him how I feel
‎ There 's no need for that, Maeve
‎ That 's your choice‎ Do you really like Otis?
‎ Or do you just want to win? you are too sinister
‎ Is it? At least I don 't pretend to be sweet and kind all the time
‎ - you don 't know me at all‎ - you don 't know me at all
‎ Stop arguing over a stupid boy!
‎ Amy, why are you crying?

‎ Because I can 't take the bus
‎ Amy, it 's okay
‎ it doesn 't matter

‎ Can I find you?
‎ I . . .
‎ I don 't know who else to turn to
‎ You can stop staring at me
‎ So you can 't take the bus‎ because you think that man will show up again?

‎ not
‎ Yes he looks really nice
‎ I remember because he smiled at me ‎ He didn 't look like some masturbating pervert murderer either
‎ So if even he can do that, anyone can do it
‎ I used to feel safe all the time‎ but now it 's different
‎ - that sounds stupid‎ - it 's not stupid
‎ I was attacked in the chest at the train station last year
‎ We were going to the city to see a show‎ A group of boys passed by us‎ One of them grabbed my boobs

‎ That 's really hurtful
‎ So I sometimes feel uncomfortable in crowds
‎ as if they thought my body‎ was theirs
‎ Yes, we are like public property
‎ Several boys harassed me with words a few years ago
‎ A woman said it was my fault‎ because my shorts were too revealing
‎ So I cut my pants shorter when I got home‎ Because who cares about them
‎ Great, why should we change ourselves because of their behavior?
‎ That 's right
‎ I used to go to the community pool as a child
‎ There was a man showing birds in the pool one day‎ His dick looked loose and funny in the water

‎ After I told my mom‎, she never allowed me to go to the pool again.
‎ I 'm sad‎ because I used to love swimming
‎ - That 's not fair‎ - It should be
‎ But statistics show that 2/3 of girls have experienced ‎ unsolicited sexual tension or sexual contact in public before turning 21 years old.
‎ So it 's actually quite common
‎ Why do some men like Lu Bird so much?
‎ Sometimes I 'm on chat roulette‎ with so many flabby dicks on it
‎ have long, short, fat
‎ I once saw a penis with what looked like a small face
‎ If I have an extra thing between my legs
‎ - I 'd probably want to show it to everyone too‎ - That 's right
‎ - Maybe it 's about power‎ - Hmm
‎ I think the bus guy likes to look at me scared
‎ About a year ago there was a man who followed me home after get off work
‎ As long as I pick up my pace, he follows
‎ super scary
‎ He ran away when he saw my dad‎ It made me angry‎ because I didn 't want to rely on another man‎ to protect myself
‎ - I 'm sorry for what happened to you‎ - I am sorry for what happened to you
‎ thank you
‎ At least we can go home now
‎ penis

‎ - I tell you who loves gingerbread the most‎ - Who?
‎ - Eric Clapton‎ - Really?
‎ - He loves him so much ‎ - Are you kidding me?
‎ Stop!
‎ (Mr. Shanz is a ‎ slut who loves to tell sensational words! )
‎I do it because I love you‎ Then I found out that you were mad at him
‎ He 's not as good as mine, teacher
‎ I like mature women by nature‎ I can still roll hemp cigarettes in the shape of a swan
‎ That sounds so wrong‎ but I have to admit you committed the crime with lip balm‎ It 's really smart
‎ - Do you really think so? ‎ - You think beautiful, Kyle, understand?
‎ follow me
‎ - I love you‎ - come here now!

‎ sit down
‎ - stand up‎ - I can 't believe it
‎ sit down

‎ It 's a miracle

‎ You 're pretty smart, why don 't you study?
‎ My grades are not very good
‎ Well, keep it up‎ The best employee of the month is you

‎ I 'm going to the movies tonight, lock the door for me
‎ I 'm going to get ready

‎ everyone
‎ I 'm afraid this is a misunderstanding
‎ We found the prisoner, you can go home
‎ I 'm sorry for wasting your time
‎ Great, I knew it
‎ By the way, I 'm curious, what did you think of?
‎ What brings you together?
‎ We have nothing in common except a non-consensual penis, teacher
‎ - Are you okay? ‎ - should be fine
‎ I 'm not sad, I 'm just angry
‎ I have a way
‎ I love your family, they are cute
‎ What do you mean by 'cute'?
‎ They believe in God wholeheartedly
‎ They think it 's true
‎ I also believe
‎ Yes, but not necessarily
‎ - You 're just cooperating with everyone to believe, don 't you? ‎ - not
‎ No, I believe in God, Racine
‎ How can you trust a god who thinks you shouldn 't exist?
‎ Well, it 's a little embarrassing
‎ No, my family had to leave their country because of their religion‎
‎ I don 't understand at all
‎ - I don 't know about it‎ - It 's okay
‎ I love you because we are different
‎ We respect each other 's right to disagree
‎ love?
‎ Did I scare you?
‎ No, no. . .
‎ i love you too
‎ Damn it! I thought my heart stopped beating

‎ let 's go
‎ I can 't believe he took so much money from other students‎
‎ I don 't think I know him anymore
‎ Like a stranger living in my house
‎ I don 't think we 'll ever really understand‎ these creatures we 've created
‎ - maybe you 're right‎ - talk to him
‎ You can only talk to him
‎ hey
‎ Would you like to have a meal with me after this is over?
‎ I 'm afraid not, Jane
‎ it was just a kiss
‎ Can you really not forgive me?
‎ you know
‎ I may not be as smart as your ex ‎ but I know where my boundaries are
‎ I can 't go through that pain anymore
‎ I 'm not sure if I can pull myself together
‎ My daughters need me

‎ you 're not ready for the intimacy I want
‎ Got it
Revisit, Ya Cloth
‎ goodbye



‎ come in
‎ - Ten minutes for dinner‎ - Good

‎ Say whatever you want, Mom
‎ - That boy is not for you‎ - Every boy is not for me
‎ It 's not him, it 's you
‎ You 're a completely different person when you 're with him
‎ like you 're trying to be someone else
‎ He can 't make you shine
‎ What should I do?
‎Think of something that makes you very angry‎ and then smash it with all your strength

‎ I 'm mad at myself not very good at baking cakes
‎ Yay!
‎ - Come on‎ - Come on, Amy!
‎ I 'm pissed that Steve has been working so hard to make things better, but he doesn 't get it!
‎ Yay! bring it on!
‎ I 'm mad at that jerk for ruining my best jeans‎ and everyone else just sitting on the sidelines‎ Now I 'm afraid to take the bus!
‎ - Yay! ‎ - Good!
‎ This is awesome!

‎ - I 'm going to keep smashing things! ‎ - Yay!
‎ - Good! ‎ - Give them a good look!

‎ I did want to steal him
‎ - Sorry‎ - I used to really like him
‎ But I also want to win over you
‎ I 'll take you home
‎ Would you like to walk with me home?
‎ good
‎ mom
‎ Are you okay? I 've heard
‎ Otis
‎ Have you been giving your classmates sexual advice for the money?
‎ What are you talking about?
‎ To tell the truth‎ I am


‎ You lie like your dad
‎ - Let 's talk rationally, shall we? ‎ - I can 't talk to you right now
‎ mom
The death
‎ I thought you didn 't want to be my friend anymore
‎ This is not what I planned
‎ My plan is for guys who smell a little sweaty, not girls who smell like vanilla pods
‎ - I don 't smell like vanilla pods‎ - You are
‎ Also sometimes like car fragrance
‎ you are clean
‎Sorry for confusing you‎ but when you started avoiding me, I was really hurt
‎ okay
‎ We can still be friends
‎ good
‎ Then we met at school
‎ Wait, I want to be more than just friends
‎ Why?
‎ Because you smell so much better than boys
‎ I . . .

‎ - hello‎ - hey
‎ Your mom said it was a lie to go to work
‎ This morning I saw her sneaking back into the trailer after pretending to be out.
‎ You are really afraid that the world will not be in chaos
‎ I just tell you what I see
‎ believe it or not
‎ - Okay, good night, Isaac‎ - good night

‎ Why do you always tie two knots?
‎ I 'm afraid you run away

‎ you are so funny


‎ - Say Goodbye‎ - Say Goodbye
‎ say goodbye
‎ Okay, Pound, that 's enough
‎ gosh


‎ - Hi Mom‎ - Scared me
‎ What are you doing?
‎ - I have to go home . . . ‎ - Isaac said he saw you yesterday too
‎ I got fired and I don 't know what to tell you
‎ I feel ashamed
‎ But. . . I 'm looking for another job
‎ - Are you taking drugs again? ‎ - I don 't have
‎ I swear by my life‎ I swear by your life and Essie 's life
‎ I do not use drugs
‎ please believe me
‎ I believe in you

‎ Lie to me one more time and get out



‎Why are you here?
‎ By bus?
‎ We all take the bus
‎ - Do you want to come up? ‎ - wait for her

‎ It 's just a bus
‎ It 's just a bus



‎ Subtitle translation: Lin Nianzhen
