This is the It 's from Game of Thrones from Game of Thrones.
What do you think Whatdoyouthink ?
I don 't know I don 'tknow. If we were to start collecting swords from fantasy dramas I fwe ' regoingtostartafantas yswordcollection - - although I thought long ago that we should collect and I 'velongthoughtweshould - -
But do you really want to start with this isthisreallytheswordt ostartwith ?
So where do you want to start? Whatdidyouhaveinmind? I 'd say Arthur 's Excalibur Well, offthetopofmyhead, I 'dhavetogowith Excalibur without a second thought.
It will give you the power to rule England I tgivesyoutherighttoru le England .
That must be a replica of a movie prop I twouldbeareplicaofamo vieprop.
It also makes sense F airenough .
That is to give you the power to rule the replica of England I t  ' dgiveyoutherighttorul eareplicaof England .There is no Arthurian swordW ell , theydon  ' thavean E xcaliburhere ,

What do you think sowhatdoyouwanttodo ?
What a tough decision M m . T oughdecision . There is no Chinese sweatshop forged T here  ' snoweaponry from Lordofthe R ings
A weapon in The Lord of the Rings forgedina Chinesesweatshop? Only Bilbo Baggins ' sword is over there. Just B ilbo Baggins ' swordoverthere.
Wouldn 't it be silly to see two grown men with a hobbit dagger in the Lord of the Rings, the Hobbit, who once held the ring?
Dwarves in The Hobbit Lord of the Rings

Okay, that 's it, O kay , let  ' sgoforit .
The two found my little treasure Oh , I seeyouguyshave found my littletreasure .
Yeah Yeah.
Looks ok I t  ' sokay , I guess .
What 's ok it 's amazing O kay ? I t  ' smagnificent .

How much is Whatdoyouwantforit ? It 's hard to give the deity to appear on pay tv Oh , it  ' shardtoputapriceonsom eting
The prices of things whose replicas appear in our shop are  'sacopyofsomethingthat wasonpaycable.
But if you sell it to a friend, it 's 250. Butformyfriends , let  ' ssay 2 5 0 ?
You really are a lion. Oh, that  ' sprettysteep.
This is a limited edition Well , it  's limitededition . Only 8,000 were produced. Theyonlymade 8 , 0 0 0 of thesebadboys .

Only eight thousand Only 8 , 0 0 0 ?
We are wasting precious time to buy We  ' rewastingprecioustime .
B u y   i t .
Wait Hangon.
Can it be less Can youdoanybetter ?
What are you kidding A reyoukidding ?
This is already a family and friends discount I 'malreadygivingyouthef riendsandfamilydiscou nt.
Oh, didyouhearthat?
We all gave discounts to our relatives and friends We  ' regetting the friends dfamilydiscount .
We are honored to have bought Wearehonoredandwewillt akeit.
Slow down S lowdown .
Two hundred T wohundred . What are you doing What are youdoing ?
250 is already the discount price 2 5 0 isalreadythediscounte dprice .
Shut up you Willyoushutup ?
Let it be two hundred and thirty-five. Tell you what, I 'llgo 2 3 5 .
Then forget it next time to buy it No ope . Maybeanothertime .
Okay 225 this is the final offerO kay, 2 2 5 - myfinaloffer. Take it, take it.

Two hundred T wohundred .
God you are killing me Man , you  ' rekillingme !
Kill you? I 'm out of breath Killingyou?
I can  ' tbreathe . Two hundred and one sold at a loss for 2 1 0 , and I  ' mlosingmoney .
Can 't bully too much Leonard so sorry Oh , now , wecan  ' tlethimlosemoney , Leonard .
I ' m   s o   s o r r y .
Two hundred and one more helmets from 'Iron Man' 2 1 0 andyouthrowinthe I ron Manhelmet .
Are you crazy? A reyoucrazy?
That helmet has Robert Downey Jr. 's signature Thathelmet ' signed by Robert Downey Jr.
'Iron Man' star so what? Well if you 're going to question O kay, ifyou ' regoingtoquestion
a film adaptation from the manga and the importanceofanacto r  ' ssignatureonaplastich elmet signed by the actor
The importance of plastic helmets fromamoviebasedonacom icbook,
Then what is the meaning of our group of people 's lives thenallofourliveshave nomeaning!

Okay Okay , fine .
Just this sword two hundred and one Justthesword, 210.
Thank you Thankyou .
Meat this week I caneatmeatthisweek .
See that Seethat?
I saved us forty bucks I justsavedus 4 0 bucks . I have already said that your lack of academic knowledge I  ' velongsaid , what youulackinacademic knowledge makes up for in your makeupforinstreets marts .

Want to wrap up Youwantmetowrapit ?
No need No , it  ' sokay .
I 'm going to stab my friend in the chest with it I  ' mgonnastabmyfriendint hechest .
Hi Stuart Hey , S tuart .
Hi Will A h , hey , Will . Harrowell Wheaton Hello , Will W heaton .


Hi Sheldon Hi, S heldon. Nice sword N icesword.
This is one of my swords collection It  'spartofmyswordcollection.
- Do you have a collection of swords - no - D oyouhaveaswordcollection ?
- No.
I 'm not surprised at all I 'mnotsurprised. Here 's the Batman 6 1 2 Here 's the Batman 6 1 2
Have the Jim Lee repainted cover you want with the J im L ealternatecoverthaty ouwanted .
One of the authors of 'Batman'
How much A wesome .
W h a t   d o   I   o w e   y o u ?
Forty bucks 40 bucks .
Good deal G ooddeal . Sucky Sucker .
He didn 't even want a family discount. D idn  ' tevenaskforthefriends and familydiscount . I 'm going to have a party at home on Friday Hey , I  ' mhavingapartyatmyhous eon Friday ,
Hope you can come and I washoping you would stop by .
Are there any girls Willtherebegirlsthere ? Of course Yeah , ofcourse . There was no  ' C ausetherewasn  ' tlasttime last time .

There are definitely T herewillbegirls this time.
If you want to come, I invite you too. Youguysareinvitedifyou wanttocomeby.
Thank you Thankyou .
Alright very good A llright , great .
See you back at Later.
I know your little tricks I seewhatyou  ' redoing .
You accepted your invitation to party at the home of my sworn enemy toapartyatthehomeofmy swornenemy , and he would rant that we two would go to hellseveryonewe  ' regoingtobethere ,
And we don 't go he 's a fool and when wedon  'tshow, helooksthefool.
Very bad and smart Fiendishlyclever .
I really want to go I wasactually thinkingab outgoing . Go and say this party is rotten and slam the door A ndthendeclaring the par tyafiascoandstormingo ut ,
Let him lose face in front of his guests leavinghimhumiliatedi nfrontofhisguests.
I like Loveit . Not that I 'm taking Raj and Howard No , I wasgonnagrab Rajand H oward
We have to have a good time and have a goodtime .
O h , great , moreguys . Will Wheaton throws yet another bare 'stick' party I t  ' sgonnabeanother W il W heatonsausage - fest .
■ This subtitle is produced by YY e T s Renren Film and Television. For more original translations of American dramas, please visit www . YY e T s . com ■
Translation: Joanna Tina M add ■
Post-production: Fishbones Timeline: Small e
■
Proofreading: YYJ oanna Director: YY
The Big Bang Theory Season 5 Episode 5
Can Sheldon get a bottle of water? S heldon, canyougrabmeawater?
Possibly possible.
Is it possible to Can Youorcan  ' tyou ?
It 's not that simple Leonard It  ' snotthatsimple , Leonard .
What complicates you Itneveris , isit ? At present our relationship A tthismoment , our relationshipexists
Being in two conflicting states intwomutually contradi ctorystates . Before you decide to go or not to go to W il W heaton  ' sparty ,
You are my friend but not my friend youaresimultaneouslym yfriendandnotmyfriend . I call this phenomenon I  ' mcharacterizingthisph enomenon Schrödinger 's cat is an ideal experiment on quantum theory
Schrodinger 's Friendship as Schrodinger 's Friendship.

Got it? Can you give me water? Gotit .
C a n   I   h a v e   m y   w a t e r ?   当 然   O f   c o u r s e .
Pick it up you traitor No owgetityourself , youtraitor . Wait a minute what the hell is going on Wait , whatisgoingon ?

If you forget me, I will remind you again Incaseyouhaveforgotten,
Schrodinger 's cat is an ideal experiment Schrodinger  ' scatisathoughtexperim ent . .
No no I didn 't forget N o , no , I didn  ' tforget . He put a cat in the box before you opened the box U m , there  ' sthiscatinaboxandunti lyouopenit ,
Cats are either dead or alive it  ' seitherdeadoraliveorb oth . Although in my home state of NebraskaAlthough , backin Nebraska , our cat got into my brother 's camping suitcase ourcatgotstuckinmybro ther  ' scamtrunk ,
We don 't need to open it to know andwedidnotneedtoopen it
It must be filled with all kinds of dead cats toknowtherewasallkind sofdeadcatinthere .
Can tell homely stories and understand some physics Homespunstories , knowledgeofphysics
At the same time also has the proud double peaks andabosomthatdefiesit.
You are really all-rounder. You  ' rethewholepackage , aren  ' tyou ?
Sorry I 'm late Sorry I 'mlate .
I have good news to announce U h , I gotgreatnews . NASA [National Aeronautics and Space Administration] has selected the deep space telescope forthedeepfieldspacet elescope designed by our team NASA pickedmyteam 'sdesign
This design will be used on the International Space Station this spring that  ' sgoing on the International S pace Station this spring .
Howie, that  ' swonderful !
Congratulations on your Congratulations!
The wonderful thing is yet to come. I tgetsbetter. When installing, I will send a person Someonehastogoupwithth etelescope as an equipment expert to the space asapayloadspecialist,
guess who they picked and guesswhothatsomeon eis .
Muhammad Li Muhammad Li . Who is Muhammad Li Who  's Muhammad Li ?
Muhammad is the most common name in the world M uhammadisthemostcommo nfirstnameintheworld,
And Li is the most common surname Li, the most commonsurname.
Because I don 't know the answer A s I didn  ' tknowtheanswer ,
But I think this guess is more reliable in mathematics. I thought thatgavemeamat hematicaledge .
They picked me Sheldon I t  ' sme , S heldon .
It 's me I t  ' sme .
I 'm going into space I 'mgoingupinspace!
Technically , I  ' manastronaut .
T hat  ' samazing !
Hangonasecond .
NASA doesn 't have space shuttles anymore. NASA doesn 't haveashuttleanymore.
How do you go to space? H owareyougoingtogetupt here ?
Oh, well, it 's really cool. You fly to Moscow and they take you to Kazakhstan Youflyto Moscow, they takeyououtto Kazakhstan, and then you get on a Russian Soyuz rocket and thenyougetintoa Russian Soyuzrocket
Go straight to low earth orbit whichshootsyouintoalo wearthorbit . Or you can just sit on the rocket launchpad Orjustsitsthereonthela unchpad because the Kazakh mafia becausethe K azakhimafia
Take the rocket fuel to the black market and sell it on the soldtherocketfuelonth eblackmarket.
Are these Russian rockets safe? A rethose Russianrocketssafe?
The Chernobyl incident was also made by these Russians Well , I mean , safeasitcanbewhenitwa sbuilt
Safety is evident by thegoodfolkswhobrou ghtyou C hernobyl .
Let 's all toast him I  ' dliketoproposeatoast .
All of us here have dreams of going to spaceT hedreamtogoupintospac eisoneweallshare ,
And today Howard realized that dream and Howard  'smakingthatareality .
We are all proud of you We  ' reallveryproudofyou .
Cheers Cheers.
The toast is good. T hatwasalovelytoast .
- Verbal praise once - thank you - Kudos . - T hankyou .
At the same time your toasts are clichéd and nauseating Simultaneously , afestivalof cloyingcli che .
You disgust me Youickenme .

Why are you so quiet You  ' rereallyquiet .
Are you alright I everythingokay ?
It 's okay Fine .

Just a little tired Just a little tired. Hope you don 't get too tired cause I 'm now I hopenottootired , because I  ' mfeeling
' Masculine ' is particularly masculine rightnow . Ready to go You know what I mean A llsystemsgo , ifyoucatchmydrift .
I always understand what you mean I always catchyourdrift .
Well you obviously have something on your mind A llright , well , something  ' sobviously bugging you .
What the hell Whatisit? I just can 't believe you I justcan 'tbelieveyousignedup
I decided to go to space without consulting me, forthespaceprogramwithouventalkingtome.
I understand Oh, I getit.
you are worried about me You  'reworriedaboutme .
You are so sweet baby T hatissosweet . In our NASA there is an old saying You ouknow , there  ' sasayingwehaveat NASA .
Space heroes become heroes What makes the right stuff soright because they can come back safely isthatitalwayscomesho me .
Just shut up Howard Juststoptalking , Howard .
T hisisn  ' tthereaction I expected when I told you I was going to be an astronaut
I didn 't expect you to react like this when I told you I wasgonnabeanastronaut .
so what do you think i would react Whatdidyouthinkwasgoin gtohappen?
Honestly, of course it 's the roll sheet Honestly?
Sex . Howard Howard .
Do you know how big this is Doyourealizewhatabigde althisis ?
Do you know what an honor it is to be selected for Whatanhonoritistobecho sentogointospace?
I understand Yeah, I getit.
I just want you to discuss with me I justwishyou included me inthedecision before making a decision.
We should be life partners We  ' resupposedtobepartner s .
It should be We  ' resupposedtobeateam standing on the same front .
I 'm sorry you were right I 'm sorry.
Y o u ' r e   r i g h t .
Okay let 's do it all over again O kay , let  ' strythis again . Bernadette I now have a once in a lifetime opportunity Bernadette , anopportunityhascomeu p is about us so I want to discuss with you thatimpactsbothofus , and I  ' dliketodiscussit .
Well Okay.
I was selected by NASA I 'vebeenofferedachancet ogoup to go to the International Space Station to the International Space Station for three weeks.
What do you think of Whatareyouthoughtsont hat?
First of all I want to thank you Well , firstofall , thankyou
Before making a decision, think of consulting with me for includingmeinthede cision - making process .
Of course we are Hey , we  'reateam .
Then tell me what you think S o , whatdoyouthink ?
No No No .
No No o ?
No No No .
Why not Why hynot ?
Howard my father is a police officer Howard , myfatherwasapoliceoff icer .
We neverknewfromonenigh ttothenext that our family fears every day
Don 't know if he can come home alive at night ifhewasgoingtocomehom ealive .
That feels awful. I twashorrible. I don 't want your life to be like this. And I don  ' twanttolivethatwaywit hyou.
Hey , myfatherabandonedmean dmymother my dad abandoned me and my mom when I was 1 1 .
We haven 't seen him since We everversawhimagain.
It 's useless to say anything. I just don 't allow you to go to space. Oh, boo - hoo, you  ' renotgoingtospace!
Howard is quite capable, isn 't he Prettycoolabout Howard , huh ?
Don 't act like it 's okay between us D on  ' ttalktomeasifnothing  ' shappenedbetweenus .
But yes he is quite capable brother Andyes , itsureis , buddy .
God, can you please stop playing Schrodinger 's F or God  ' ssake , willyoustopwith the S chrodingerstuff .
You want something like Heisenberg 's Uncertainty PrincipleW ouldyoupreferasimpler application that a particle 's position and its momentum cannot be determined simultaneously
Is that a simpler procedure of Heisenberg  ' suncertaintyprinciple ,
I can 't be sure at the same time now in which I couldeither
Who are you from or do I like you knowwhere you areorwhet her I like you ,
But now both are not sure about butnotboth.
You never knew to shut up, did you? Youneverstoptalking, doyou?
I don 't understand I don  ' tunderstand . Leonard is going to Will Wheaton 's party Whatdifferencesdoesitm ake
What is the difference if L eonardgoesto W il W heaton  ' sparty ?
Will Wheaton is Sheldon 's sworn enemy W il W heatonis S heldon  ' smortalenemy .
mortal enemy M ortalenemy ?
Sheldon I know you 're a S heldon , I knowyou  ' reabit
Very awkward but ofaleft - handedmonkeywrench , but . . .
do you really have a mortal enemy youreally have amortale nemy ?
Actually I have 6 1 Infact , I have 6 1 ofthem .
Would you like to see my blacklistW ouldyouliketoseetheli st ?
Say don 't say don 't say don 't Oh, sayno, sayno, sayno, sayno.
Just dropped you off the list Youjustgotoffthelist.
Want to go back againW ouldyoulikebackonit ?
This will take a little while T his  'lljusttakeamoment .
The list is stored on a 5.25 inch floppy disk I t  ' sonafiveandaquarterin chfloppy .

Do you still use floppy disks? A floppydisk? I started making this list when I was nine. Well, I started the list when I wasnine.
Why was Will Wheaton on the Howdid W il W heatongeton thelist ?

- God- don 't ask- Oh, God!
-   O h !   C o m e   o n !
As a child, I loved Wesley Crusher,
i.e. Will Wheaton 's character in 'star trek' W il W heaton  ' scharacteron I took the bus for hours to a star trek convention S o , I drove for hours by bustoa convention at which W heaton was supposed to be there il W heatonwasscheduledtoa ppear ,
I 'm looking for him to autograph my Wesley Kolosha toy sothat I could get my Wesley C rusheractionfiguresig ned . But he never showed up Buthenevershowed because he went to play 'Hollywood Frames' apparently, itwascoolerforhim
Hollywood Frames: Famous Game Shows
He thinks it 's cooler sitting in the lower left corner tobethelower - leftcorneron
Guests sit in nine specially designed boxes to answer questions

Damn Oh , damn !
The floppy disk failed T hefloppyfailed. Well whoever was in 1989 Well, whoeverwasinchargeofqualitycontrol was in charge of Verbatim 's quality control atthe V erbatim Corporation in 1989,
congratulations to him he got into my blacklist congratulations , youjustmadethelist .

Howard Howard ?
Changed your mind about sex? C hangeyourmindaboutsex ? I 'm still angry but I 'll give in I  ' mstillmad , but I  ' lldoit .
Not that I 've just been thinking No, I 'vejustbeenthinking.
I 'm not worried about your safety I tdoesn  ' tmatterif I  ' mafraidforyour safety . What matters is I don 't want to be that I don  ' twanttobetheperson
Who stands between youan dyourdreams .
Really? Really?
Really Really .
If going to space is really important to you I fgoingintospacemeanst hatmuchtoyou ,
I will not say a word against it again I willneversayanotherwo rdaboutit .
Thank you Thankyou .
I love you I love you .
I love you too I loveyou , too .
Are you rolling [sheets] now S o , sexnow ?
Good Okay.
But I just forgot to brush my teeth I justforgottobrushmyte eth .
I 'll be right back I 'llberightback.
oh baby* * O h , baby
I . . . * * I 'm
I don 't love you * * I  ' mnotinlovewithyou . . . my son won 't go to space unless I die O vermydeadbodymysongoe sintoouterspace !
I 'm ready I 'mready.

Wait and see if I understand right Wait , letmeseeif I gotthisright .
To leave your house in the middle of the night ?
Do I have a choice? W hatchoicedid I have ? S hewentbehindmyback
sue my mother against me and turned myownmothera gainstme .
Wow you are not only the first astronaut among us W ow . You  ' renotonlyourfirstastr onaut .
Or the first among us to kick a girl out of bed You  ' realsothefirstoneofus tokickagirloutofbed .
You are a superstar You  ' relikearockstar .
A little bit of Littlebit.
I hate to say it but she did betray you I hatetosayit, butshedidkindofbetray you.
Really interestingI ninteresting .
You can see the betrayal of others but not your own Youseebetrayalinothers , but notyourself .
Going to Wheaton 's party is not betrayal of you Goingto W heaton  ' spartyisnotbetrayingy ou .
Of course you would think so Oh, ofcourseyouwouldhavetobelievethat.
Evil people always think they are right E vilalways thinksit  ' sdoing right .
'Hello Stormtrooper' 'Excuseme, S tormtrooper.'
Quoted from Star Wars 'These are the droids you 're looking for' 'These are the droids you  ' relookingfor . '
I 'm going to a party I 'mgoingtoaparty. Not R 2-D 2 and C-3 PO droid anti-empire I 'mnotturning R 2-D 2 and C-3 PO overtotheempire!

The time has not yet come. Notyet .
So what 's next S o , what  ' sgonnahappennext ?
Are you and Bernadette going to break up?
I don 't know I don  ' tknow . Even if we were to get back together I fwe  ' regoing to get back to get her , she would have to apologize first and accept she  ' sgoingtohavetoapologi zeandacceptthat
I 'm a big man I can make up my own mind I ' magrownmanwhocanmakeh isowndecisions.
Then she has to convince your mother to let you go into space Then she  ' sgoingtohavetoconvinc eyourmothertoletyougo intospace .
Must Obviously.
I have no other way I hadnochoice.
I have to tell the fuck I hadtotellhismother .
He can 't go to space Hecan  ' tgotospace . He is still a little chick He  ' slikeababybird .
you know he had a Doyouknowheoncegotanas thmaattack once
Does reading old library books trigger asthma from readinganoldlibra rybook ?
Just kidding You  ' rekidding .
Really I was there that day No , I wastherethatday .
Sheldonthrewhisbackout handing himthatbook .
I don 't know what to do with myself I don  ' tknowwhat I  ' mgoingtodo .
I don 't want to break up with him because of this I don  ' twanttobreakupoverthi s .
Well then you just tell him you are wrong O kay , whydon  ' tyoujusttellhimyoumad eamistake ?
Do you guys think I 'm doing something wrong Doyouguysthinkitwasami stake ?
Am I too petty Am I thebadguyinthis ?
It 's not our turn to comment on I t ' snotforustojudge . We 're just here to support you and comfort you
You have to face your villainy yourself whileyoucometogripswi thwhatadespicablethin gyou  ' vedone .
Oh god you 're right Oh, God, you ' reright. I threw our love at the feet of his fat mother I took our love and threwit underhisbus - sizedmother.

I have to apologize I needtoapologize .
That 's nice to me too. Well, that - that  'sgood. I ' mgladyoucametothat.
But before that I want to ask you a key question Butbeforeyoudo , letmejustaskyouabigpi cturequestion .
What problem What ? Are you sure and sure A reyou 1 0 0 % positive
Do you love Howard Wolowitz and want to marry him youloveandwanttomarry Howard Wolowitz?
Of course I do, withallmyheart from the bottom of my heart.
To understand is to confirm Gotit.
J u s t   h a d   t o   c h e c k .

He is a good man oh He  ' sgreat .


Sheldon A llright , S heldon .
We are going to Will 's We  ' regoing to Will  ' s . This is your last chance T hisisyourlastchance .
No Leonard this is your last chance No , Leonard , thisislastchance . One day ,
There will be a historian who will ask you ahistorianisgoingtoco metoyouandsay,
Have you really been a friend of Dr. Sheldon Cooper?' I sittrueyouwerefriends with D r . S heldon Cooper ?
Sobbing chokebackahotsobofreg retandhumiliation full of remorse and shame saying yes but asyoumumble, 'I was, but I chose to go to a party I chosetogotoaparty
1986 teenage coming-of-age film starring Will Wheaton
A party thrown by someone from the unknown movie 'Walk With Me' throwbytheonekidfromStand B y Methatnooneremembers.'

- do you want to drive - ok - Youwanttodrive ?
-   S u r e .


- Hey Sheldon - That 's great - Hey , S heldon ? - Oh , good .
You chose me, you chose me in the end. Youpickedme, youpickedme.
No I just got a text from Stuart No , I justgotatext from S tuart .
The famous actor and screenwriter 's representative works include 'Star Trek: Nemesis'
Brent Speyer was also at the party B rent S pineris at the party .
Brent Spiner B rent Spiner ? Yes .
I am not interested I don  ' tcare .

Really? Really?
Brent S piner B rent S piner ,
Mr. Data 's actor, you like him Mr r. D atahimself . Youlovehim .
I used to like it but I don 't like Star Trek anymore I did , but I think I  ' vekindofoutgrown you see the characters are old Youknow , stockcharacters ,

'Send Me' ludicrousplots, 'Beammeup.'
What a mouthful of nonsense. Whataloadofhooey.
I 'm gone I 'mgoing.
Spock 's classic lines and gestures from  'Star Trek '
Prosperous and prosperous Oh Sheldon Livelong and prosper , S heldon .
Uh, whatever you want to look so silly Yeah, eventhat.
Y o u   l o o k   l i k e   a   d o r k .
Howard Bernadette is here Howard, Bernadette ' shere!
Tell her I 'm not homeT ellher I  ' mnothome !
How can you act so lame What kindofaschmuckplay isthat ?!
She can hear you yelling S hecanhearyoushouting !

Can you say a word to Canwetalk ?
You say ah I have nothing to say Youcan .
I   h a v e   n o t h i n g   t o   s a y .   好 吧   A l l   r i g h t .
I just wanted to tell you I justwantedtotellyou
I shouldn 't have tipped your mom I 'm sorry I  ' msorry I said somethingtoyourmo ther . I was going to tell her last I wasgonnatellhereventu ally ,
but you actually carried me behind your back butyouwentbehindmyback .
I know I was wrong I know . I  ' msorry . I got scared .
If you want to love me I fyou  ' regonnaloveme ,
you gotta love me all you  ' regonnahavetolovethew holepackage :
I am the gentle poet and the crazy prankster thetenderheartedpoeta ndthecrazydaredevil .
I know I know .
Don 't say that if you 're not sincere Well , don  ' tsayitifyou  ' renotgonnameanit ,
Cause I 'm not just going to the space station ' cause I 'mnotjustgonnastopwith thespacestation.
I also want to go to the moon and want to go to MarsY eah , I wanttogotothe Moon , I wanttogoto Mars .
I want to take a single submarine to the deepest part of the ocean I wanttotakeaone - mansubtothelowestdept hsoftheocean .
Really? Really?
You got seasick on a Pirates of the Caribbean ship Yougotseasickon Piratesofthe C aribbean .
Those fat boys have to shake them Well, those bigkidswererocki ngit . I did that just because I loved you so much I justdidwhat I didbecause I loveyousomuch ,
I can 't hold back the fear of losing you and the thought of losing you ismore than I can handle .
Really? Really?
You are my soulmate You  ' remysoulmate .
You should kiss me now T hisiswhereyoukissme .
Right right , right .
Whatever you want is up to you M akeupalyouwant !
But you can 't leave the earth half a step, Yourtuchisisnotleaving thisplanet!
you know that in star trek first contact Hey , youknowthatbeautifula ctresswhoplays
The B org Q ueenin ?
- You know- I just met her gynecologist- Y eah .
-   W e l l ,   I   j u s t   m e t   h e r   g y n e c o l o g i s t !

What are you here for What are youdoing here ?
Fighting for our friendship Fightingforourfriendsh ip . Although you are eccentric and nasty A speculiarandannoyinga syoucanbe ,
But you are still my good buddy you  ' restillmylittlebuddy .
I can 't let our friendship be ruined here tonight I  ' mnotgoingtoletthatend heretonight . Put the glass down and we 'll go No owputdownthatdrink , let  ' smeet B rent Spinerandgohome .
Hi Sheldon glad you came too Hey , S heldon , I  'msogladyoumadeit .
There is something I think you might like I found something I thinkyoumightlike .
I 'd be happier if he had a more boring home What I  ' dlikeisforhimtohaveam oredepressinghome .
But this place is not bad T hisisquitelovely .
This is T hisisforyou for you.
Original Unopened Wesley Kolosha Action Figure A noriginalmint - in - package We esley C rusheractionfigure . I remember you said one time I rememberedyourstoryab outthetimeyouwent you went to anime convention when you were little toaconventionwhenyouw ereakid
Wanted to get a signed version but I didn 't togetonesigned , and I didn  ' tshowup .
L ookatwhat I wrote . ' Sheldon sorry for being so late' T o S heldon , sorrythistooksolong .

' Y ourfriend , W il W heaton . '
This is my last It 'smylastone.
I want to give it to you I wantyoutohaveit .
Behold Will Witton is my friend now Look , everyone .
W i l   W h e a t o n   i s   m y   f r i e n d !

I haven 't seen this thing in years I haven  ' tseenoneoftheseinyears .
Remember how we used to put them on Rememberhowweusedtomakthesethingslook
looks like handjob liketheyweremasturbat ing ?
Brent Spiner what have you done B rent S piner , whathaveyoudone ?!
This is the original unopened brand new T hatwasanoriginalmint - in - package Wesley C rusheractionfigure Wesley C rusheractionfigure
Signed by my closeperson alfriend , W il W heaton , signed by my buddy Will Wheaton .
Sorry Bamboo Man S orry , S lim .
I still have a couple of Mr. Data dolls in the trunk of my car I 'vegotsome Mr. D atadollsinthetrunkofm ycar .
Do you want me to sign one for you too Youwantmetosignonefory ou ?
You 've signed Brent Spiner You  ' vealready signed someth ing , B rent S piner .
On my blacklist Yournameonmylist .
From now on you are my sworn enemy F romthismomenton , youaremymortalenemy .
Don 't worry you won 't be long D on  ' tworry . I tdoesn  ' ttakeupawholelotofyou rtime .
Come on buddy Comeon , buddy .
Stop wasting your time with this coward. Let  'snotwasteanothersecon donthisloser. I love your house, Loveyourhouse.

Can you get us autographed dolls Cangetautographeddolls ?
Sure.
Twenty bucks 2 0 bucks .
Ten 10. Eighteen 18.
Twelve pieces 1 2 .
Sixteen bucks 1 6 . Thirty bucks get two Two for $ 3 0 .
Plus come to my birthday party A ndyoucometomybirthday party .
Deal D one .
