 519
 Kids When I first moved to new york ,
 It was dingy , disgusting ,
 Dirty , ugly , flea- ridden , stinky
 And altogether terrifying , but then , The most awful thing happened --
 The whole city started to go uphill . The streets got a little cleaner ,
 The rents got a little higher , and one by one ,
 The crappy old places we loved began to disappear . The elbow room , an old punk rock club ,
 Became a drugstore ; Mchale 's , a working- class watering hole ,
 Became a fast- food place ; And fez , a moroccan- themed lounge ,
 Became a bank . And not just any bank .
 Goliath national bank .
 The world leader in credit and banking .
 God , I love Goliath National Bank !
 Okay , first of all ,
 You look like the last pick in the draft . And , uh , second ,
 Why are you so excited about some bank ?
 Our company just bought them out in a ruthless takeover .
 Ah . Took two months .
 Cost 2, 000 jobs . Oh ! It was brutal .

 Who wants a t- shirt ?
 Hey , Marshall ,
 They 're hiring in the legal department .
 I could get you a job .
 Barney , Marshall didn 't quit his last soul- sucking corporate job
 Just to go work at a bank . He 's gonna be an environmental lawyer .
 That was the plan , anyway .
 Over the next few weeks ,
 Marshall went on a lot of interviews . You are confident ,
 You are energetic , You are focused !
 A lot of interviews .
 You are flexible on salary ,
 You 're willing to compromise , You 're not gonna cry this time . Too many interviews .
 You are sad ,
 You are beaten down , You will get through this , come home ,
 Get in your big underpants and take a nap . Which brings us to september 29 ,
 The night of the burger . So , um , what do you guys want to do for dinner ?
 Oh , we just got a new cook .
 You have to try the burger -- it 's amazing .
 Oh , great -- we 'll take five of those .
 Five burgers . Whoa , um , really ?
 You- you want to eat here ?
 Yeah , I 'm freaking starving .
 I just finished a seven- day cleanse .
 I thought you just started that yesterday .
 I finished early , okay ?

 Five of those . Five burgers .
 Whoa , um , wait . What about sushi ?
 Oh , we had sushi last night .
 Italian .
 I had italian for lunch . I can come back .
 No . We always do this .
 We spend an hour arguing about where to eat ,
 And then we end up eating here anyway . I haven 't eaten for two days .
 Can we please , for the love of god ,
 Just order something now ? Chinese ?
 I don 't like chinese .
 Indian ?
 I just said I don 't like chinese .

 Indian isn 't chinese .
 Weird meats , funny music , side of rice .
 Why are we splitting hairs ?
 Mexican ?
 I just said I don 't like chinese .

 声明： 本字幕由首发影视论坛门户站原创制作 欢迎登录首发影视论坛www . ShowFa . tv 翻译 : 咔嘎 包子 螃蟹 番薯 校对 : 美景 时间轴 : 灵溪 压制 : 灵溪 字幕总监 : 美景
 Robin , yours will be right out .
 Of course , mine comes last .

 Go ahead , start without me .
 Sweet ! Oh . You shouldn 't have .
 That 's so kind of you . Thank you . Mmm !
 Oh , my god . This burger is so good .
 It 's like christmas in my mouth --
 Meat christmas . It 's like an angel from heaven
 Landed in the kitchen at Maclaren 's . Where the chef killed it and ran it through the meat grinder .
 I love this burger so much , I want to sew my ass shut .

 It 's okay .
 Are you kidding me ? !
 Guys , guys , guys . When you 've had the best burger in new york city ,
 Every other burger Tastes like my grandpa 's feet . But you guys
 Eat up , enjoy my grandpa 's feet . Oh , and you 've had the best burger in new york .

 It was eight years ago , my first week in new york ,
 And for a kid from minnesota ,
 The big city was a scary place .
 Oh , thank god it 's just you .
 You are being ridiculous .
 Tell me you left the apartment today .
 Why would I have to leave ? I can have anything I want delivered ,

 And new york city cable is awesome .
 Have you seen this public access show
 With the old jewish lady in a bikini ?
 It 's , it 's disgusting .
 Marshall , you have to get over this paranoia .
 You are not gonna get mugged .
 Well , what if I do , Ted , all right ?
 I don 't have a switchblade .
 I don 't , I don 't know how to , how to break- dance
 And win the begrudging respect of a street gang . All right , that 's it , you 're taking a walk .
 Come on , go . No . Look , the old lady in a bikini is back on .

 I 'm just gonna lie back and get comfortable .
 Go !
 Go outside , go , go . Okay .


 Leave the bat .
 Fine .
 So I went for a walk in the big , scary city .
 And I discovered
 It wasn 't scary at all . What 's the word ?
 Your search is over !
 And then , right when I started to get a little hungry ,
 I turned a corner ... ... And there it was .
 The tiniest little burger joint you ever saw ,
 Tucked between a taxidermist and a triple- x bookstore .
 Name two places where things get stuffed .
 So , I went inside .
 And I ordered the burger .
 Thank you .

 Ted .
 Ted , you got to wake up . Ted , wake ...



 Oh , my god .
 I 'm so sorry .
 Are you okay ? I 'm all right .



 Ted .
 Ted , I 've just had the most amazing burger of my life !
 It 's this awesome little place , Regis Philbin eats there ,
 So it 's sort of like a celebrity hot spot .
 But the burger , Ted .
 The burger . Dude . I want one of those burgers right now !

 Do you think they 're still open ?
 I don 't know .
 Does stuff in new york stay open past ... 9 : 30 ?
 So we went out to get another burger .
 But after hours of searching ...
 Damn it !
 Where is this place ?
 You couldn 't find it ?
 We didn 't know our way around .
 Just getting back to the apartment took us three hours
 And one very helpful drag queen . Wait , Betty Noir was a drag queen ?

 Well , where do you think it was ?
 Probably tucked between her legs .
 You know what 's not a drag ?
 Getting a home equity loan at Goliath National Bank .
 I 'm just saying .
 Anyways , um , we never found the place .
 Now , eight years have passed ,
 Still ... No burger .

 I couldn 't help but overhear .
 Okay , here we go .
 I know the place you 're talking about . No , you don 't .
 It 's a place called the corner bistro .
 Great burger .
 Oh , the corner bistro !
 It 's amazing , I spent a quarter of my life
 Searching for the best burger in new york city , But silly me ,
 It never occurred to me to check The highest- rated burger in the zagat guide . Wow , thanks a lot , guy .
 Let me return the favor .
 Coffee ?
 Starbucks . Shh !

 So I take it you 've tried the corner bistro . Robin , I 've tried every so- called best burger
 In new york city trying to find that burger .





 We 're going .
 But none of those places even came close .
 Hey , there was that one time
 We thought we had a break in the case , remember ? Ah .
 Get this .
 You know who works out at my gym ?
 Regis Philbin .
 The autographed picture .
 Of course I remember the place .
 It was the best burger I ever had .
 I still have dreams about this burger .
 Beautiful , haunting dreams !
 I wake up at night screaming ,
 " get out of my head , burger ! Get out ! "
 That 's the one , mr . Philbin .
 Do you remember where it is ?
 No !
 I never wrote it down .
 But not a day goes by
 That I don 't Regret it . Why ? Why ?
 Do you know where it is ?
 No . Huh ? And if you tell me
 It 's at the corner bistro ,
 I 'm gonna smack you right in the face !
 No , we don 't , we don 't know where it is .
 Listen , blondie ! Oh ! Don 't mess with me !
 Daddy needs his meat .
 I don 't know where it is , Regis , I swear !
 What about you , lurch ?
 And what about you , satchel- mouth ?

 This is my cell .
 You find that burger , you call me day or night .
 Okay , Regis , we will , we will .
 All right , So what are you waiting for ? Get out and find the burger !
 All right , all right .
 Let 's go , all of you !

 That 's where my story ends .
 Now I 'm doomed to walk the earth
 Forever searching for that green door And that red neon sign that says " burger . "
 Green door , red neon sign that says " burger ? "
 Yeah . I know that place .
 I 've walked by it A million times .
 It 's on west 12th ,
 Right off of 7th . I knew it was on a numbered street !
 Finally .
 No ! Robin !
 If any of us is gonna eat a burger tonight ,

 It 's gonna be the best burger in new york . We 're going downtown !


 I cannot believe we finally gonna have this burger . Honey , I 'm so excited for you .
 After all these interviews , After all these disappointments ,
 You deserve a triumphant mouth full of meat .
 You know what else is a mouthful ?
 All that double- talk other banks give you . At Goliath ,
 Customer satisfaction Is our most important investment .
 Barney , I hate to break this to you , But working for a bank 's kind of lame .
 Oh , yeah . How lame is free automatic bill pay , Lil ?
 How lame is 3 . 3 % apy online savings ?
 Yeah ! That 's right .
 Hate to make you look stupid in front of your friends ,
 But you left me no choice .
 We should probably call Regis .
 Reg ...
 Oh , that guy scares me .
 I think I 'll leave him a text .
 Now , Kathy , your last flip was heads .
 The one before that was tails . You polled the audience ,
 They came out split , 50/ 50 .
 No help at all there .
 So , for $258, 000 ...
 I have to ask you , Kathy ,
 What 's that gonna be ?
 Heads ... ... Or ...
 Excuse me .
 Oh , boy .
 I- i 've got to go . I 've got to go !

 Green door , red neon sign .
 Guys , this is the place . Oh , n- no , I 've actually , I 've actually , Um , I prepared a few words .
 I will eat your Hand . All right , well , let 's just go inside then . Shall we ?

 Thank you . You 're welcome . Yours will be right out .


 Please , go ahead , start .
 Oh , no ...
 Oh ...
 Just shut up and eat . All right .



 Oh , my god .
 I 'm never brushing my teeth again
 Unless it 's with a toothbrush made from this burger . I think I just had my first burg- asm .
 I want ...
 To take this burger out to dinner , then maybe a movie ,
 Then take it back to my place , Put on a little Terence Trent D 'arby ,
 And then I would just ... Fool around a little bit . Nothing serious -- just take it slow , you know ?

 This isn 't it . What ? ! Marshall .
 It 's not it .
 Okay , Marshall , you might not want to hear this , but ...
 Is it at all possible this is the same burger
 You had eight years ago ,
 Only it could never live up To your ridiculously high expectations ?
 I mean , it is just a burger . Just a burger ?
 Just a burger ?
 Robin ,
 It 's so much more than just a burger .
 I , I mean , that first bite --
 Oh , what heaven that first bite is . The bun , like a sesame - freckled breast of an angel ,
 Resting gently on the ketchup and mustard below .
 Flavors mingling in a seductive pas de deux .
 And then ... ... A pickle --
 The most playful little pickle ,
 And then a slice of tomato , A leaf of lettuce , and a ,
 A patty of ground beef So exquisite ... Swirling in your mouth ,
 Breaking apart and combining again in a fugue Of sweets and savories so ...
 Delightful .
 This is no mere sandwich
 Of grilled meat and toasted bread , Robin . This is god speaking to us through food .
 And you got our wedding vows off the internet .
 Okay , uh , look , so , so this , this isn 't the place .
 All right , it 's no big deal . It 's another place with a green door
 And a red neon sign that says " burger . "
 I 'll just , uh , I 'll call every restaurant in manhattan
 And ask 'em what color their door is . No big deal , right ? Let 's do this .


 I 'm going to go out on a limb here
 And say this isn 't just about a burger . Marshall 's not doing so well , guys .
 He really needs to get a job . Tell them about the underpants .
 What about the underpants ?

 It started a couple of weeks ago .
 Heads ! It 's going to be heads .
 It 's almost usually heads .


 Hey , baby .
 Did you put on pants today ?
 Nope .
 It was funny at first , but then it became a daily thing .
 I thought , " okay , well , At least he 's not leaving the house like that . "
 Then , one day , he opened the door to get the paper .
 Day after that , Went downstairs to get the mail .
 Everyone 's got an underpants radius .
 For most of us , It 's the distance from the bedroom to the bathroom ,
 But as your self - esteem gets smaller ,
 Your underpants radius gets bigger . How big is Marshall 's underpants radius ?
 We 're going .


 Come on , Lily , he 'll find a job eventually .
 You know , Lil , when times are tough , I like to remember the uplifting words
 Of my favorite song . * we 'll be on your side when you need a friend *
 * through thick and thin *
 * you can always depend *
 * on the world leaders *
 * in credit and banking ... * * Goliath National Bank . *
 Member fdic .
 We 've got to find Marshall that burger .
 Lily , I think we 're all eating that burger . I 'm not eating that burger .
 No , if Marshall says this isn 't the burger ,
 This isn 't the burger .
 Finally . Excuse me . Yes .
 Did you guys
 Change cooks or something ?
 Because my husband
 Was here five years ago , And he 's pretty sure he had a different burger .
 Yeah , we get this a lot . This place is modeled after this other place uptown
 With the same green door and " burger " sign .
 What ? Uptown ? Where ?
 106th and manhattan avenue .



 Damn it .
 106 .
 A numbered street . Of course .
 Barney Stinson .
 Barney , where the hell are you ?
 I 'm sorry , this is ... ?
 Regis . I 'm at the place .
 Oh , Regis , of course .
 I 'm sorry , I 'm sorry , I 'm sorry .
 I forgot to call you . That 's not the place .
 The real place is on 106th and manhattan avenue .
 We 're headed there right now .
 What ? ! Uptown ? !




 Fine , fine , I 'll be there in 20 .
 If you get there first , medium rare .
 Onions ? Onions ? ! Okay , no onions .
 Stop the cab !




 Wait .
 This is it .
 Your search is over .
 We got girls taking off their clothes .
 This is it .

 One of 9, 000 convenient locations .

 It was ri -- it was right here .
 It was , it was right on this very spot .
 I don 't understand .
 Where is the burger place ? It 's not a burger place anymore ; it 's a ... Goliath national bank atm .
 W- well , that 's fine . Let 's just eat here .
 We can 't eat here . It 's an atm .

 But food .
 Ow , ow , hey , what the -- ?
 This is your fault , you and your stupid bank .
 You did this .
 It 's not my -- stop , okay .
 Stop that , Lily .
 I will never use a Goliath atm ever again .
 Goliath national bank sucks .
 It 's the worst bank on the face of the earth .
 Attention , new yorkers , this bank sucks !
 They suck !
 Aw , geez . They suck , Suck , suck !
 Marshall , will you just tell her already ?
 Tell me what ?
 Tell me what ?
 I got a job . What ?
 Where ?
 Goliath national bank .

 That 's why Barney 's
 Been going on and on about how , how great Goliath is . He wanted you to be excited for me
 Since we 're going to be working there together . Well , technically not together .
 You won 't have access to my floor .
 But you want to be an environmental lawyer .
 Yeah , you know , and I also want
 To be a harlem globetrotter and get paid in candy , but ...
 In the meantime , I need a job , and this is , this is a really good one .
 It 's great pay and there 's good benefits ,
 And to be honest , It gives me a reason to put on pants in the morning . You know , I have my whole life
 To save the planet , but right now I 'm , I 'm kind of really excited to wear pants again .
 You 've got great pants .
 I love you . I love you .
 Robin , no .
 They 're unopened . Give it . They 're barbecue .
 Give it !
 I 'm sorry you didn 't get your burger .
 It 's stupid .
 I think about that first week in new york . You know ? I was 22 years old .
 I had my whole future ahead of me .
 I guess I just kind of thought that
 If I could have that burger one more time
 And feel that way for one more night , That I might be able to check that off the list ,
 And grow up , Go work for the stupid bank , and just be happy .
 You know , that burger place isn 't gone . It just moved to a new location .
 And I can tell you Where that is for a hundred bucks .
 A hundred bucks ? That 's crazy .
 Let 's pay the man .
 I paid for the cab . I don 't have any cash .
 I haven 't worked since march .
 Wow , if only there were an easy ,
 Convenient way to get some cash right now .

 Member fdic .
 So we paid the guy , and 20 minutes later ... Thank you .
 All right , Marshall , remember . It might not taste as good .
 This place has changed , you 've changed , new york has changed .
 Just ... Don 't get your hopes up too high , okay ?


 This is it .
 Yes !
 It 's exactly the same .
 It 's the best burger in new york .
 Go ahead , eat up , eat up .
 And so , after finally tasting again
 The burger he 'd craved for so many years ,
 Marshall got up the next morning , put on some pants ,
 I want to get tiny fitted sheets
 For this burger , and just crawl into this bun ,
 Get all cozy , and die there . Oh , myod .
 I just want you inside of me .
 This feels so good . I 'm worried I 'm gonna get this burger pregnant .

 If he does get that burger pregnant ,
 I have dibs on the delicious burger babies .
 This isn 't it . What ? ! No , Regis Philbin .
 Come on .
 That 's outrageous .
 That is unbelievable .

 Wait .







