0 0 : 0 4 : 1 2 , 7 0 0 - -&gt; 0 0 : 0 4 : 1 5 , 4 0 0 The Big Bang Theory Season 4 Episode 10 Can anyone clarify for me
Shouldn 't the essence of a dinner party be
exchange views and ideas
Shouldn 't this be the time to discuss the events of the day?
Yeah but every time you threaten to kill someone who eats and talks
We 're not interested at all, we could spend the night trying to figure out who said what
But to get back on track
I 'm going to start a new topic for the potluck
amazing
Which is the best number
Say one more word the answer is the only one
Five hundred and thirty one thousand eight thousand and eight
mistake
The best number is 7 3



You may be wondering why
no no we don 't have
7 3 is the 21st prime number and it inversely says 3 7 is the 12th prime number and it inversely 2 1 is the two numbers that make up 7 3
The climax is the result of multiplying 7 and 3
What 's the matter, did I say something wrong?
we get it
7 3 is the Chuck Norris of the digital world
That 's a compliment to Chuck Norris
Also 7 3 in binary is 1 - 0 - 0 - 1 - 0 - 0 - 1 so it reads 1 - 0 - 0 - 1 - 0 - 0 - 1
both are consistent
And read Chuck Norris 's name backwards as 'S irron K cuhc' [nonsense]
I 'll add that if you put 5 3 1 8 0 0 8 into the calculator
It shows upside down that the spelled word is 'Mimi'
Remember when you wondered why
Girls don 't want to eat with us tonight
yeah i get it now
I love your little heart pendant Bernadette
Thank you Howard sent it to me
It 's the funniest thing when I 'm having dinner with his mom
The next day I always get the jewelry he gave me You know the heart symbol that people send on Valentine 's Day is actually not based on the human heart
Is it the shape of a woman 's buttocks when they bend over? That 's my seventh grade
The little butt that has always been used as an embellishment, right?
cool
How are you doing, Penny?
Hi Zach, what are you doing here?
My dad 's company prints the menu for this store
I 'm here to deliver some new, remodeled versions
This makes it easier to clean up after spitting on it
Guess how I came up with the idea
ok ok i get it
Zach this is my friends Bernadette and Amy
- hello - hello
huh~ nice to see you again

Me too
He 's so handsome, how did you two meet?
we dated a few times
I 'm always bewildered by current expressions
Does dating always mean coitus?
- yes - no no no
But this time yes
interesting
Are you not satisfied with the process?
No, it 's not bad
It 's just that he didn 't put pressure on me on the IQ level
Can 't you just hit him and listen to NPR (NPR: NPR)
Useless Zach can 't even spell NPR 's full name
That 's what I do with Howard
I 'm smarter than him
But it 's important to protect his masculinity
huh ~
What 's wrong with you
I just feel a sudden surge of blood and my heart rate quickens and my palms sweat
dry mouth
And I just can 't help but want to say 'Whoo~' I think we understand what 's going on right?

I have no doubt I have a cold
Sudden Tourette Syndrome
(Tourette Syndrome: Motor Coordination Disorders)





Have you heard about the accident at the biolab - no - what happened
They injected mice with radioisotopes
But one of the technicians got bitten, so did he get super powers?

Five stitches plus a tetanus shot without him
So disappointing why do you say that
If you are bitten by a radioactive animal in a laboratory
You definitely want to be a superhero
But who wants to be a Ratman
Gets into tiny holes and closes restaurants with just a few hops
And the best part is if I were the Ratman
You can be my sidekick

mouse doll
don 't you like mouse dolls
What about the pest doll?
First if we really have superpowers
I 'm definitely not a follower, you are the follower
Wouldn 't the Rat Man be a follower?
Leonard, be fair
Which of us is more like a sidekick? That 's right, Leonard, who are you talking about?
Twelve years after high school, I 'm still miserable among the nerds
Are you cutting this guy 's brain a little too thin? I 'm at Quezino
It 's really too thin to make a foot-brain sandwich.
But it 's not thin when examined under a two-photon microscope.
Well you are an expert
If fooling around is the right way, then I shut up
Great if you donate your body to scientific research after you die
I promise I 'll slice your brain as thick as Canadian bacon
Thanks if you don 't mind I 'll take my temperature
you are monitoring your circadian rhythm
To determine when your brain is most active
I once had a good childhood in a summer vacation
Not that I had some weird symptoms last night so I 'm checking my vital signs every hour
I 'd be happy to help you with a diagram
It would be fun to do a difference analysis.

what symptoms do you have
Rapid heartbeat, sweaty palms, dry mouth, and local blood vessel twitching
where is the local

ears and genitals
interesting
are two organs that are not usually put together

What about environmental factors to describe the situation at that time?
I drank water at the restaurant with Penny and Bernadette and it was carbonated because it was a special occasion
Penny 's friend Zach came over to say hi
Then I say 'hu' [synonymous with 'who']
Who
Zach
You know it was Zach who asked - what - asked 'who'
Zach
Okay, do it all over again
What did you say when Zach came over?
- 'huh' [ 'who'] - Zach
Why do you keep saying 'Zach'
Because you keep asking 'who' [ 'whoosh']
I 'm not saying 'huh' now
I said 'huh' last night
The answer is Zach, right? I didn 't ask the question.
I just said 'huh' ok I don 't bother about the triggers of your symptoms above
The results in descending order of likelihood are as follows
hyperthyroidism premature menopause
alien possession or
The following results are purely intended to cover all
It 's possible that it 's sex drive
Where am I being possessed by aliens?


Got you
What are you most afraid of?
I do not know either
Nuclear war accidentally buried alive

Or like that movie plot, and suddenly someone on the other end of the phone says you 're going to die
In the end, you really hung up
Not these are some of us we both know you
That 's what Raj Kusapari was afraid of
My family does have a history of type 2 diabetes
Diabetes causes toe loss
It 's a spider, you 're afraid of spiders
What is this, of course, a jar with a giant spider in it?
bravery test
The one who takes out his hand first is the attendant

Are you crazy
Maybe
Are you scared? No, but this test is an idiot, isn 't it if the earth is at stake

And the only way to save is to put your hand in the jar with the spider
Is it if the earth is at stake
And the only way to save is
Take a shower in the locker room and you 're seen naked
Got it, it can 't happen
Put your hands in the jar
Otherwise, you will be my follower for the rest of your life.
ok let it go
Why are you so daring so fat all of a sudden?
Simple
Spiders are crawling on your arm


Get this stuff down
hurry up raj
don 't stand still

My blood test shows normal thyroid function
Cortisol levels are also normal
What about your pituitary follicle-stimulating hormone levels?
Sheldon I haven 't reached menopause yet
Are you sure
You sound like a grumpy Obasan
I think we have to face a harsh reality
I was sexually aroused by Penny 's friend Zach
wait i think
We haven 't considered the possibility of alien possession
This reasonable assumption
Let 's have some logic
I have genitals so I might have sex too
This is the burden we have to bear
every time i have a hard time like this
I always restrain myself with greater strength
religious belief?
Star Trek Have you seen Star Trek I - no - don 't it sucks to death but . . .
In this movie we know
When Spock finds himself out of rational logic
influenced by the emotions of his human part
He repressed himself using the Vulcan Corina Heart Rhythm Principle
You mean our lives are going to suffer
The influence of ideas in unpopular science fiction?
unpopular science fiction
what are you doing
Use the Collina rule to suppress my anger over my last comment
you care so much about me now
Could it be because of jealousy?
I didn 't think about it
Wait a moment
Okay, I thought about it - and then - dismiss the claim
because you don 't feel jealous
Or because you 're suppressing it, I think I 'd better go home for lunch

That 's not your lunch Sheldon those are corpse brain specimens
Just because you sliced ​​it wrong
Made me think of them as sashimi



- hello- ok
Don 't you all do laundry tomorrow?
My usual softener is sold out in supermarkets
If this one is too soft or not soft enough
I have to take my time
really plan ahead
In other words, why didn 't I think of it earlier?
Remember now
How 's Amy? Amy 's changed
Maybe I should let go oh no why
I thought she was a highly evolved
Purely high-IQ species like me and recent events suggest
Maybe she 's just a creature succumbing to lower desires
just like you
I 'll pretend I didn 't hear this insult.
what an insult
That 's right, that 's why I 'm pretending I didn 't hear it
You mean Amy she . . .
How to say it in scientific terms . . .
Forget about science, she 's just horny
ok oops
It 's purely a physical need and I can 't do anything about it
Are you sure
what do you mean
I mean maybe you can
Amy 's desire to do something

It is illegal to remove a person 's ovaries
ok i didn 't mean that

You mean what can I do by myself
Exactly
Well I 've been trying to avoid doing this
But I guess I 'll just stick to it, thanks Penny
I will let you know the result

Oops Amy, you 're so lucky
Hello, I 'm Dr. Sheldon Cooper
Are you Zach Johnson?
The one who fucked my neighbor Penny

Sorry for disturbing you


hello i am looking for zach johnson
The one who fucked my neighbor Penny
Coitus is sex
I have a hunch that you 're the Zach I 'm looking for
I 'm Sheldon Cooper
Well it 's Shelly
Yes, it does look like a girl 's name, I don 't feel bothered
I 'm really bothered to call me 'Smelly Shelly'
I 'll tell you why I 'm calling you I want to know if you 're interested
Fucking Amy Fila Fowler
Amy Fila Fowler
That 's right, it 's a girl
God, it 's just playing the piano to a cow
shit
This is how to decide who is the hero and who is the sidekick




you have a better idea
Any idea is better than this
Ding
- wait ding what ding - this is the ringtone
I don 't think wrestling matches use bells
ok what do you say
Otherwise, let 's start with one, two, three
One, two, three, at first, it was for children.
Well otherwise so... . .
Get ready to start. It 's for a race. Do you want to run?
Then you have to go out and run
No, it 's too cold outside, I didn 't wear a coat
what the hell
What kind of superhero needs a coat?
Then tell me what kind of hero would say 'that red tights is mine'
'That red tights is mine'
Well then, get ready for wrestling
wait now or when it really starts
- Say this again - start now
don 't yell at me

Suppose there 's a worse way to spend Friday night
Totally unexpected

Look at the poke they made who allowed them
Put stamps on customers ' hands as they enter the door
It 's definitely washable
I finally got some comfort tonight looking like Zach the Hell 's Angel was there
Are you sure you really want to do this
not what i want to do
but had to do
Go Amy Fila Fowler
Follow the call of your own endocrine system Thank you Sheldon you are such a good friend
Just a little busy is not enough


This thing can 't be washed
excuse me
Zach, I saw Amy Fila Fowler that night
I 've been pursuing pure knowledge until I met you before I made a rational decision
Standing in front of you are 130 pounds of boiling estrogen eager to hug your glutes
Come to a beast-like act likened by Shakespeare
what is my ass
on the other hand
Seeing your blank, fool-like expression
(Corriner: The process of Vulcan 's emotional removal in 'Star Trek') I decided to cultivate the habit of Vulcan 'Corriner' - goodbye Zach - goodbye
huh~~
That 's enough for me to hold on for a while

I am legally obliged to remind you
I took a karate class when I was 11 if my mom arranged for a ride
I 'm already a qualified ninja now
Yes
I took a Pilates class at the fitness center
My abs are like hash browns
It 's okay, anyway, you 're going to lose
If you don 't, you 're sure to lose. If someone loses, it must be you guys. It 's been 30 minutes. You haven 't touched each other.

Glad you decided to dismiss your animal instincts
Back to the realm of pure intellect
Me too

what are you doing
do an experiment
it 's nothing



You know you can 't win, I 'd rather believe I can 't lose


You 're wrong, it 's only a matter of time before you 'll fall into Ratman 's mousetrap

you pathetic fool
Wouldn 't it be possible to catch the Rat Man if there was a mousetrap?
I didn 't express it well, it doesn 't represent my opinion, and I don 't speak to you, babbling clown.
you narcissistic idiot
you red ghost coward
Leonard wake up
You missed a lot of great quotes from superheroes
