



 - What is it today , sir ?
 - The Ministry .
 All morning on Health Service administration .
 A chap just now on the radio said the trouble with health , education and transport is that people in Government go to private hospitals and send their kids to private schools !


 Comedy programme , was it ?
 And go to work in chauffeur- driven cars !
 Think there 's something in it , sir ?
 If you and Sir Humphrey went to work on a number 27 ...
 Quite impracticable !
 We work long enough hours as it is , without having to wait at bus stops .
 - You 'd need more efficient buses . - Certainly would .
 Yes , that 's what he was saying .
 Same with the Health Service .
 You a member of BUPA , sir ?
 - Anything on the radio , Roy ? - " Yesterday in Parliament " .
 Don 't bother ...








 Bit of a googly , sir .






 That 's a bit rough , innit ? " A full independent enquiry " !
 - You were dropped in it there . - I think I got away with it .
 Lucky they didn 't ask you about that new hospital , sir .
 They finished it 15 months ago , and it 's still got no patients .
 The DHSS can 't afford to staff it .
 It 's got staff , 500 administrators .
 - Just no patients .
 - Who told you ? My mate Charlie , a driver for the Health Secretary .
 - I 'm appalled !
 - So am I.
 The incompetence of it !
 I can 't think what came over you .
 I beg your pardon !
 - A full independent enquiry . - Humphrey , that 's not what I meant .
 - But you mentioned incompetence . - Yours , Humphrey , yours !
 - Mine ? !
 - You dropped me into it ?
 We can 't foresee a small omission from the brief , but a full enquiry ? !
 I don 't want an enquiry , but if you 're drowning and thrown a rope ...
 That wasn 't a rope , it was a noose !
 You should 've stood up for the department !
 I prepared thoroughly for yesterday 's Question Time , but nowhere was the suggestion you 'd juggled the figures so I 'd mislead the House !
 You wanted the figures reduced ? So we reduced the figures !
 - Yes , but not the administrators . - Of course not .
 - That 's not what I meant . - Minister , one isn 't a mind- reader !
 - You said reduce them , so we did . - And another thing :
 How did this get out ?
 Another leak ?
 This isn 't a department , it 's a colander !
 How can we govern responsibly , if backbenchers get all the facts ?
 - The enquiry gives us some time . - So does a time- bomb !
 - Is there a disposal squad ?
 - Disposal squad ?
 Couldn 't we get the independent enquiry to exonerate us ?
 - Do you mean rig it ? - No , no , no , no !
 Well ... yes .
 Minister !
 It depends on who the chairman is .
 - He absolutely has to be sound .
 - Sound ? He will know what is required . He will perceive the implications .
 He will have a sympathetic insight into the problems .
 In short , he will be " sound " .
 You mean ... bent ?
 No , of course not !
 He will be a man of broad understanding ...
 How about ... a retired politician ? ... and unimpeachable integrity .
 Yes , I see what you mean .
 - A businessman ? - Oh , really !
 - An academic ? - No , no , no .
 - Who 've you got in mind ? - Perhaps a retired civil servant .
 - Good thinking , Humphrey . - Sir Maurice Williams .
 Might not he be too independent ?
 - Well , he 's hoping for a peerage .
 - Not through this ? No , but the right finding will earn him Brownie points !
 - Brownie points ? ! - They all add up towards the badge !
 - Well , Sir Maurice it is . - Thank you , Minister .
 Thank you ...
 Brown Owl .
 Oh !
 Good morning , Bernard .
 - Two points ... the Cuban refugees . - Not that again ?
 It 's about our refusal to do any more for them .
 It 's not my fault , it 's the Treasury . You can 't beat the Treasury !
 I shall say nothing .
 One more public humiliation and I 'll become a political refugee myself !
 - And the other point ? - The alleged empty hospital .
 As I warned you , the driver 's network is not wholly reliable .
 - Roy 's wrong . - Thank heavens for that !
 - How did you find out ? - The private secretaries ' network .
 And ?
 In fact , there are only 342 administrative staff at the hospital .
 The other 170 are porters , cleaners , laundry workers , cooks , etc .
 And medical staff ?
 Oh , none of them .
 - None ?
 - No !
 We are talking about St Edward 's Hospital ?
 Yes .
 It 's brand- new and fully- staffed .
 Unfortunately , there were cutbacks , so there was no money for medical services .
 A hospital with over 500 non- medical staff and no patients ?
 - There 's one patient .
 - One ? The deputy administrator fell over scaffolding and broke his leg .
 Good God !
 Thank heavens I wasn 't asked about this !
 Why hasn 't it got out ?
 It 's been contrived to look like a building site , and so far no one 's realised it 's operational !
 You know , scaffolding , skips , the normal thing ?
 Normal ? !
 I 'd better look at it before the opposition does .
 Yes , it 's surprising the press haven 't found out .
 Fortunately , most journalists are so incompetent , they wouldn 't know today is Wednesday .
 It 's actually Thursday , Minister .
 Let 's sit down there .
 Why is your Minister interested in this hospital ?
 He 's greatly concerned that it has no patients .
 - It takes all sorts .
 - Yes .
 - Evening . - Good evening .
 How can there be patients when it has no nursing staff ?
 - Thank you . - Splendid .
 - Sir Humphrey ? - Thank you .
 We 've found at the DHSS that it takes time to get things going .
 First of all , you have to sort out the smooth running of the hospital .
 Having patients around would be no help at all .
 They 'd just be in the way .
 - Tell him this is the run- in period . - Yes , yes , the run- in period .
 How long is the run- in period going to last ?
 My Minister 's agreed to an independent enquiry .
 - You know what I think about that .
 - Yes , I know , but ... ... we are going to get some patients into St Edward 's ... ... eventually ?
 Aren 't we ?
 It 's possible .
 Certainly our present intention .
 In a year or two .
 Probably ... when the financial situation has eased up a bit .
 Not till then ?
 How can I open 40 new wards when I 'm closing everywhere else ?
 - Treasury wouldn 't wear it . - My Minister may want to shut the place .
 Impossible !
 What about the unions ?
 - Are the unions active there yet ? - Good point .
 Remember that firebrand agitator at Southwark Hospital ?
 Billy Fraser , odious man . Could be useful .
 Time he was moved on .
 The Health Service is an advanced case of galloping bureaucracy !
 Oh , certainly not galloping !
 A gentle canter at the most .
 - Instances flood into this office .
 - From whom , Minister ? MPs , constituents , doctors , nurses , the public .
 Trouble makers !
 - The public ? ! - They 're the worst .
 Listen to this .
 " Stethoscope requisition : Due to current situation ,
 " it is not possible to issue the extra stethoscopes applied for .
 " We can , however , supply longer tubes for your existing stethoscopes . "
 - Well ?
 - Doesn 't that strike you as odd ?
 - If they have long tubes ... - No , no .
 No , not longer stethoscopes , MORE stethoscopes .
 If they had really long tubes , the doctor could stand in one place and listen to all the chests .
 What about nurses ' uniforms ?
 " Apparently the latest consignment of nurses ' coats
 " is made of a see- through material ; nurses issued with these
 " are requested to report to the Director of Uniform Surveillance
 " who will assess the extent of the problem . "
 - Nice work if you can get it . - Humphrey , I 'm serious !
 " Please note that the soft toilet rolls are for patients not staff .
 " It would appear that staff have been using the soft toilet rolls
 " for one reason or another . "
 " St Stephen 's Mortuary will be closed over Christmas .
 " During the holiday , medical staff are to cooperate
 " in keeping pressure off this department . "
 A very civil and reasonable request .
 You think the rest of the year doctors work hard to keep it busy ?
 These are a few isolated examples .
 The Health Service is as efficient as the Government allows it .
 Nonsense ! The figures speak for themselves .
 In ten years , the number of administrators has risen by 40, 000 .
 The number of hospital beds has fallen by 60, 000 .
 The annual cost of the Health Service has gone up by £1 . 5 billion !
 If only British industry could match this growth record .
 You think spending more money on fewer patients so we can employ more administrators is a good way of spending the taxpayer 's money ?
 Certainly .
 This money is solely to make sick people better .
 No , no , no , Minister .
 It is to make everybody better .
 Better for showing the extent of their care and compassion .
 You see , when money is allocated to the Health or Social Services ,
 Parliament and the country feel ... cleansed .
 Purified .
 Absolved .
 It is a sacrifice .
 Dreadful claptrap !
 After the sacrifice , nobody questions what happened to the offering .
 - The public does care if it 's misspent .
 - They care it 's not seen to be misspent .
 That 's not true .
 Look at the uproar over mental hospital scandals .
 My point exactly .
 Those abuses had been going on happily for years .
 Nobody was concerned what was being done with their money .
 - What outraged them was being told !
 - A cynical smokescreen !
 Do we not agree there 's no point in a hospital run solely for the staff ?
 - That 's not how I would express it . - It 's how I would .
 Indeed .
 - How would you express it ?
 - At the end of the day , one of a hospital 's prime functions is patient care .
 One ?
 Until we have the money for nursing and medical staff , it 's a function we can 't pursue .
 In 18 months or so ... - 18 months ? - ... we can open some wards .
 No , it 's got to be now .
 I suppose we could form an inter- departmental committee to examine the feasibility of monitoring a proposal for admitting patients earlier .
 - How long would that take to report ? - Not long .
 How long ? About 18 months ... !
 I suggest we get rid of all the staff there and use the money to open closed wards in other hospitals .
 When we can afford it , we open St Edward 's with medical staff .
 Do that and you 'll delay the opening for patients for years .
 You talk as if the staff have nothing to do !
 - What do they do ? - Really , Minister !
 There 's a large number of extremely busy departments .
 Firstly , the Contingency Department for fires , strikes , air raids , nuclear war , epidemics , food or water poisoning .
 In such a crisis , the hospital is a key centre for survival .
 Then , the Data and Research Department , conducting a full- scale demographic survey of the catchment area .
 We have to anticipate the future requirements for maternity , geriatrics , paediatrics and the male/ female balance .
 Thirdly , there 's Finance - projected accounts , balance sheets and cash- flow budgets .
 Then , the Purchasing Department for purchasing medical equipment , examining estimates , looking at price lists and catalogues ...
 Purchasing what ?
 Everything , Minister .
 Everything from brain scanners to Brasso !
 May I continue ?
 Be briefer .
 Would that I could , Minister , but you need to understand .
 Fifth , the Technical Department for evaluations .
 Sixth , the Building Department dealing with Phase 3 plans , costing and so forth for the final phase to be completed by 1994 .
 Then , there 's Maintenance , Cleaning and Catering ,
 Personnel in charge of leave , National Health Insurance , salaries , as well as staff welfare officers to look after the 500 employees .
 - And finally , Administration . - Administrators !
 More administrators administrating other administrators !
 This is important work , Minister .
 The typing pool , stationery , office furniture and equipment .
 - Liaison between departments .
 - Are you being serious or not ?
 - What do you mean ? - There are NO patients !
 That is what a hospital 's for .
 Patients ! Ill people !
 Healing the sick !
 But all these vital tasks must be done with or without patients .
 Why ?
 - Why ?
 - Why ?
 I don 't understand .
 How else can I express it ?
 Why ?
 Would you sack the army because there 's no war ?
 Completely different ! A hospital must produce results .
 We don 't measure our success by results but by activity .
 Those 500 people are seriously overworked !
 The full establishment should be 650 .
 May I show you the paperwork ?
 No , Humphrey . Enough is enough .
 Sack them !
 Out of the question , Minister .
 We need administrators or the hospital will never open .
 - Sack the ancillary staff . - The unions won 't wear it .
 Sack half and use the money to get doctors and nurses , and open some wards !
 No , Humphrey , that 's my last word .
 My last word ! You may go !
 Very well , Minister . I shall have a word with the unions .
 - But I don 't hold out much hope .
 - Go !
 That seems to be everything . Thank you for coming .
 Thank you very much .
 Very good meeting .
 - Got time for a drink ?
 - A quick one .
 The usual ?
 Make yourself at home .
 Thank you .
 What are we going to do about St Edward 's ?
 St Edward 's Hospital ?
 Not much of a case . Can 't fight you on it .
 What do you mean ?
 We realise you can 't keep ancillary staff on in an empty hospital .
 Isn 't that a bit defeatist ?
 What ?
 - Surely , you can stick up for them ?
 - You want us to ... ? It 's not just your workers , you know ?
 The 342 civil servants must have some workers to administer .
 - Civil servants are never laid off . - We live in disturbing times .
 You mean , if we take industrial action , you 'll support us ?
 My dear Brian , I am the Permanent Secretary .
 My task is to turn the wheels of government .
 I couldn 't possibly countenance any such action .
 But ... if there were effective opposition from the ancillary workers , the civil servants would have to stay .
 And the Minister ?
 The Minister doesn 't know his ACAS from his NALGO .
 I haven 't got much of a case .
 Hospital empty for 15 months , wards not open for another year .
 Pull yourself together .
 Think of your members ' wives and children .
 Their ... cats ... budgies !
 They 're resigned to it by now .
 Is Billy Fraser resigned to it ?
 Yes ... but he 's over at Southwark .
 Do you want to bet ?
 You mean ... ?
 Well , that 's a different matter , with some real shop- floor militancy .
 You see ? Unity .
 Solidarity .
 - Thanks for the drink . - Thank you , Brother .
 Please give my kind regards to our fraternal comrades .

 Minister , this is Mrs Rogers , the chief administrator .
 - Nice to meet you . - Billy Fraser , committee chairman .
 - How nice to meet you . - I wouldn 't be too sure .
 This is 'F ' ward .
 And this is 'J ' theatre .
 - How much did all this cost ?
 - With radiotherapy ... two and a quarter million .
 - It 's appalling it 's not used ! - No , a very good thing in some ways .
 Prolongs its life , cuts down running costs .
 But there are no patients !
 But essential work has to go on .
 Aren 't patients essential work ?
 Running an organisation of 500 people is a big job .
 But if they weren 't here , they wouldn 't be here !
 This is wrong .
 It won 't do .
 Either get some patients or I 'll close it .
 - Well , in the course of time ...
 - Not in the course of time .
 Now ! Get rid of 300 staff , get some doctors and get some patients !
 Without those 300 people this hospital wouldn 't function !
 And it 's functioning now ?
 Minister , it 's one of the best- run hospitals in the country .
 It 's up for a Florence Nightingale Award .
 - What , pray , is that ? - " The Most Hygienic Hospital " .
 I 've said my last word . 300 staff must go .
 - 300 jobs lost ? !
 - Surgery with a skeleton staff ? !
 Don 't do any surgery .
 Do varicose veins , piles ...
 Do something !
 - You mean 300 jobs lost ? !
 - Yes , I do .
 A hospital is a place for healing of the sick !
 It 's employment for my members , and you want to sack them .
 Is that your compassionate society ?
 Compassionate to patients rather than your members !
 We 'll come out on strike .
 Very well , do that .
 Who can it harm ? Do , please !
 Strike , the sooner the better !
 Take the administrators with you . Then we shan 't have to pay you .
 - How about a drink before home ? - Yes .
 Thank you , Minister .
 - That went well at the hospital . - Yes , Minister .
 - I wasn 't standing any argument . - No , Minister .
 Threatening to strike ! Played right into my hands .
 Cheers !
 Aren 't we missing the news ?


 Got no money .

 Right ...
 What ? !









 Have you seen the news ? You said you 'd talk to the unions !
 - What are we going to do ? - We have a more serious problem .
 Sir Maurice 's independent enquiry about the department .
 It 's unfavourable to us .
 You said he was sound !
 I know , but he 's also working as chairman of the Refugee Resettlement Committee .
 There are more Brownie points for refugees than enquiries !
 Precisely , Minister .
 We 've no money to re- house the refugees .
 - Minister ? - I don 't want to talk !
 It 's Number 10 ...
 Hello , Ji ...
 Yes .
 Quite .
 I see .
 Not at all .
 Thank you .
 They 've seen Fraser on the news .
 They want a peace formula soon !
 Sir Maurice says he 'll be satisfied only if the UK will house 1, 000 refugees .
 But we haven 't the money .
 Or for 1, 000 hospital beds ...
 - How many refugees ?
 - 1, 000 .
 1, 000 refugees ?
 1, 000 beds !
 Minister , that hospital is for sick British not healthy foreigners !
 - There 's a huge waiting list . - Didn 't you just say
 Sir Maurice 's enquiry was likely to come down against us ?
 - That 's a ...
 - That what you want ?
 I see your point , Minister .
 Bernard , reinstate all the workers at St Edward 's .
 Tell Sir Maurice we can offer a new hospital , with accommodation for 1, 000 refugees .
 Tell the press it was my decision and that everybody 's happy .
 - Do want to give a quote , Minister ? - Why not ?
 Say ...
 " It was a tough decision , but a necessary one .
 " If Britain is to retain the name of ... "
 - " The compassionate society " ?
 - Thank you . " ... the compassionate society . " Got that ?
 Yes , Minister .

