 Welcome to the Williamsburg Diner , my name is Max 'cause the hospital wouldn 't le my mother name oops .
 I 've been out of town on summer , anything new ?
 Anything new ? Let 's see , well ...
 Facebook went public and **** pirvet .
 Kim ans Kanye had a baby , so now there 's another Kardashian to not keep up with .
 Paula Deen is out , gay marriage is in , and a teacher in California 's out for letting her students get it in .
 Justin Bieber got a hit- and- run , Chris Brown got a hit- and- run ,
 Rihanna got a hot and still didn 't run .
 Oprah gave Lindsay $2 million , cunnilingus gave Michael Douglas throat cancer , and Michael Douglas gave guys everywhere another excuse not to do that .
 Eygept went crazy , *** went crazeyer , and the NSA checks our phone like a creazy ex- girlfriend .
 Oh , and Texs hates women , *** hates blak ,
 And everybody hates everything with the exception of Angelina Jolie , who is totally awesome .
 I meant on the menu . Anything new on the menu ?
 I have no idea . Let me check .
 Hey , Caroline , anything new I should know about ?
 The royal baby smiled at the queen .
 I meant at the diner .
 I think we 're maybe washing the forks now ? Oh . Let me check .
 See , Max , one quick change , and we went from polyester and pitiful to powerful and proud .
 Just like superman .
 Except that superman changed in a phone booth , not a stall that says , " for a good time , call Max . "
 Well , if you hava problem with it , why did you write it ?
 ' Cause I didn 't have enough eyeliner to write , " for an interesting time , call Caroline . "
 Look . Look , Earl , we 're wearing our " Max 's homemade cupcakes " t- shirts again .
 See the logo ?
 Well , actually , I try never to look you ladies in the " chestal " area .
 It keeps things on the up and up .
 Oh , Earl , you are one in a million , literally ,
 ' cause 999, 999 men have only looked me in that area .
 Well , I got to go home .
 Oh , I missed so much growing up in Korea .
 What , like puberty ?
 Max , in my count I 'm avere height .
 And in my mind , I 'm still rich , anmy health care plan isn 't flintstones chewables .
 So who wants to go in the back and see how amazing our brand- new cupcake shop is ?
 Bring down the enthusiasm , rachael ray .
 Right , we 're not supposed to get all excited out this opening tonight .
 Last time , we made a big deal , and the shop didn 't do so well .
 That 's like saying the people near the nuclear explosion didn 't do so well .
 Ha !
 Girls , I am so proud of you two , getting back up on that horse .
 After my first jazz record didn 't sell ,
 I turned to a life of drinks , drugs , and loose women .
 Funny how sometimes things just work out right .
 But how can you be opening your cupcake window right now ?
 It 's 2 : 00 A. M. our hours are 2 : 00 to 4 : 00 .
 We 're targeting the " post bars " demographic .
 Drunk williamsburg guys .
 That 's my target when I 'm by myself and now my target at the new shop .
 Funny how sometimes things just work out right .
 We have no big expectations about the opening tonight .
 It 's a soft opening .
 What 's the difference between a soft one and a hard one ?
 You want me to show him ?
 Thanks , but we 're cool .
 Seriously , it won 't take me a minute .
 It 's fine , Oleg .
 Just so you know , I 'm already there .
 Get ready , this room 's had an amazing transformation .
 - Rachael ray ? - I mean , it 's fine , whatever .
 Han , before we go in , close your eyes .
 I want you to get the full effect .
 Yeah , and I want to trip you .
 - She 's kidding . - No , she 's not .
 Yeah , I 'm not .
 Han , I promise , I won 't let her trip you .
 Now , close your eyes .
 - What ?
 - Now , I thought she was going to hit me .
 - She was not . - Yeah , I was .
 Okay , no more blind eye bull crap .
 Just show me the damn smelly back room .
 Let me turn off the lights for a more dramatic impact .
 What ? I didn 't do anything .
 It was me .
 He now knows what hard is .
 I cannot believe my eyes .
 I felt the same way when I first saw you .
 Original tan , original tile , original too .
 What do you think , Oleg ?
 Nice .
 " Nice " ? All you got is " nice ? "
 This place was like Great Adventure for rats !
 They were waiting in line to bite us .
 Caroline , show them your bite marks .
 - I 'd rather Not . - Nice ?
 It used to smell like the place poop comes to die .
 Or death comes to poop .
 And look what we did !
 We created the grtest , coolest , chic- est cupcake shop , and I love it !
 But you know , no ehusiasm . Just aoft opening .
 And , han , this was all possible because you gave us the space rent- free .
 Rent- free ? Now , refre my memory .
 When exactly did I say " rent- free ? "
 On the 27th , 4 : 15 P. M. , you said ,
 " I don 't care about that dump , you can have it for free .
 Burn it to the grod , for all I care . "
 I knew learning English would come back to bite me in the ass .
 Soone 's already knocking ? That 's a really great sign , Max .
 Time to open .
 Look , girls , I 'm blowing this party horn for you .
 Thanks , soie , but we didt wanto make a big deal , it 's a soft opening .
 Oh , I love a soft opening .
 - Hello , Sophie . - Oh , hello , leg .
 Sorry , shie , about this uncomfortabl meeting .
 If ww had known you were going to suprise us ,
 - we weouldn 't have invited Oleg .
 - Yeah , I was there when you two broke up and I 'm still suffering from PTSD .
 " Post- traumatic Sophie drama . "
 There 's no drama .
 And the ard for the best drama goes to .
 Not us . Right , Oleg ?
 Yes , we 're friends now .
 See , girls , I cheated on her , so she smashed in my car windows .
 And my apartment wdows .
 And your streo and your flat screen .
 And my brother 's flat screen and his daughter 's computer .
 Ye , she surprised me . She wasn 't suppose to be home .
 We got it out of our sysms . Good night , friend .
 Good night , friend and , Oleg ?
 Wow .
 That is one lucky horn .
 Honey , ook . Look , some customers .
 Hey , cool guys !
 Come over here and eat something from the girls ' soft opening !
 That is so not the way I would 've gone , but I ' take it [ cockney accent ]
 Hello , hello .
 What have we got he ?
 Welcome to Max homemade cupcakes .
 In england wcall 'em " fairy cakes . "
 Fay cakes ? Mn it .
 Why are the hot ones always gay ?
 Oh , give us the whole lot .
 Oh , my God !
 A black american exprearss card ?
 I haven 't held a black one in my hands in years .
 I would 've guessed you hadn 't held a black one ever .
 Sorry , it 's our first nigh , cash only .
 Oh , wow . He is really out of it .
 - What is he on ? - Besides me later ?
 Do not know , but am jealous .
 Annow I 'really jeaus .
 Re he 'll be fine .
 Oh , I 'd say he 's more than fine .
 I 'd say he 's my next boyfriend .
 Rond , mate . Wake up .
 He 's not breathing .
 I can 't wake him , call 911 !
 Call 911 !
 Let 's all just calm down . I have seen this happen a lot .
 One summer I had a part- time job , I was a life guars at a crack hous . *** he 's dead .
 Called that wrong .
 Max , the guy who died in front of our shop last night was a rock star .
 He used to date Kate moss .
 No offense , but dating Kate moss is like a law in england .
 Everyone has to do it when they turn 21 .
 His name was Roland Glass , and he has two gold records .
 I can 't believe I 've never heard of him .
 I can .
 Your go- to jam ishe soundtrack from
 Yesterday a rock star , antoday he 's gone .
 You never know . From the fancy breakfast place on the corner .
 You ordered fromagna cum latte ?
 One , I wish I had a gun .
 And , two , someday I 'm gonna order breakfasto be delivered with one of their fancy- a croissants .
 Who knows , tonight I could too much heroin and e an unexpected ath .
 But at least then I 'd e doing something my motr loved .
 You 're right , Max . You ly live once .
 Yolo .
 And you only live till the next timyou say " yolo . "
 Oh , no . More bad news .
 According to my Google alert for Max 's homede cupcakes - you have a Google alert for our business ?
 I only have a Google alert for " Oprah goes topless . "
 I 'm not saying it 's gonna happen , but I 'm saying , if it does , I 'm gonna be the first oneo know .
 Look , it 's online that roland glass died in front of our shop .
 And now my phone just died . It 's an epidemic .
 Oleg , what are you still doing with the aow from our sh ?
 Ght you said that was hung . , I said I was hung .
 And I can 't put it up now wi that crowd of people in front of your window .
 There are people in front of our window ?
 Dude , is this where my manoland died ?
 Yeahright ov there then I 'm gonna put thihere nexto Paddington bear .
 I caught this at h last coert .
 And I also caught this .
 So , like , whatdude ? Just dropped to the ground ?
 Actually , he h right here first , smiled , then fell .
 He sled ? Dude .
 Max , c I see you over he ?
 Soy for your I and dope hat .
 Thanks . I found it in a dumper .
 Max , what are you ing ?
 N 't tell them he hit our cnter .
 We neeto distance ouelves om the entire event .
 This spes disaster for our new business .
 Dude , can I t three dozen cupcakes ?
 T spells succe .
 I have beaucoup friends cong here for the midnight vigi how mu a your cupcakes ? $7 .
 That 's a lot .
 Dude . Roland would 've wantedat way .
 ♪ Knock , knock , knocking on heaven 's door ♪
 And he hit right here before he fell .
 And as he fell , he looked up at me and smiled .
 Content . Peaceful .
 That 'll be $7 , cash only .
 Mira , can you break a 50 ?
 Max !
 Yeah , what do you need ?
 Change for a 50 .
 Got it . I mean , why , God , why ?
 ♪ knock , knock , knocking on heaven 's door ♪
 Ten , ten , ten , ten . ♪ Heaven 's door ♪
 Max , we 're almost sold out in here .
 I need more cupcakes from the kitchen .
 Got it . I 'll come right in .
 Earl ?
 Yo !
 Same split as before . 30¢ on every dollar you sell .
 What a waste .
 You know how much money we could make if we sold pot ?
 Oh , you want in on that too ? Same split .
 Oh , man , that hippie patchouli smell is worse than the poop was .
 Han , shh . These people are in mourning . Show some respect .
 Me ? Me show some respect ?
 sell cupcakes at the diabetes wing at the children 's hospital ?
 How dare you doubt my sincerity ?
 I personally have shooed a homeless man away from peeing on that shrine twice .
 I don 't care what I may or may not have said on the 27th at 4 : 15 P. M.
 Your business is booming , and now I want rent .
 No way , han . That man could 've overdosed anywhere .
 But God made him overdose in front of our window as a gift .
 And , yes , we are accepting that gift because you only live once .
 Yolo .
 This isn 't " yolo " it 's " hodo " he only died once .
 I 'm surprised you aren 't selling " hodo " t- shirts .
 How dare you again ?
 We are simply providing some comfort food to people who need comfort .
 And , I might add , we are doing it with the utmost respect . ♪ Knock , knock , knocking on the apple store 's door ♪
 That 's it , your business is booming ,
 I want rent . 200 .
 A year ?
 A month , and it 's a bargain for my beautiful space .
 This space is only beautiful because we made it beautiful .
 Yeah , show 'em your bite marks !
 Max , I 'd rather not .
 You will pay me $200 a month , and there is nothing you can do to change my mind !
 Show him your bite marks ! Fine !
 A rat bit her ass ?
 Okay , 195 .
 No rent , han . That wasn 't the deal you made us .
 This is not personal , it 's business .
 I want a slice of grief pie !
 Show him your front bites !
 No ! That 's too personal .
 Sorry you had to do that . So am I.
 It 's healing nicely . Don 't lie to me .
 I think it 's nice of uto add our owers to the others .
 Shows respect .
 You 're acting like you didn 't steal them .
 X , it 's the thought that counts .
 And I thought it 'd be chper to pull them out of someone 's garn .
 Wait , where 's the shri ?
 That insolent charlatan !
 Whatever that means .
 ( All ) ♪ knock , knock , knking on heaven 's door ♪
 Can you believe this , girls ?
 He 's casng in a death .
 Without us .
 And in his honor tonight we a serving chicken LA roland !
 At a mrner 's discount of just $8 . 95 .
 Looks like jiminy cricket turned to the rk side .
 Nope . No way , Max . Th is our shrine .
 Grab aandful of bears .
 We 'rmoving the dead g sine back ?
 Wa , let me just light a candle for my digny .
 It died here t .
 Max , o you wa to be ccessful or not ?
 Because if youo , grab o of these poems that doesn 't follow any of the rules of poetry , and move it back to the ccake window .
 Because this is our death .
 Think e you 're being a little rsh .
 " Rock out in heaven . Love , Kevin . "
 That 'sold .
 Oops , knocked over a cdle . Ooh , ll fire .
 Fire on shoe .
 If I don 't get this out , it 's gonna be my memorial service .
 Look , look .
 Those girls e disrting the shrine oa dead m !
 Lo , look , a roach got out of the diner ! Quick , step on it !
 Look , hippies , look ! Put down those bongs and look .
 They 're ving the place where a man died fothr own financial gain !
 Hey , that 's so not ol , man .
 Yeah , me on . Yeahboo !
 He 's the not cool one . Yeahlook at him !
 Roland glass died hrible death in front of our adorable cupcake window .
 See ? " Horrible , adorable " ?
 That rhyme just me right off the top of my head .
 Hey ! Hi .
 Hi . He knows !
 I told him to op peeing on the shrine when it was still overhere !
 Isn 't that right ?
 P. That 's e bih .
 Yes ! Yes ! I 'm the bitch !
 So n cool , dude .
 Let 's gehim out of her 
 That 's not my wallet op !
 That 's my wa !
 Ooh , stop !
 st of stop !
 Puhim wn .
 He 's cool .
 Even with thothes and that head .
 I mean , really . E we that desperate f success ?
 We 'det hane torn apart ?
 I 'thinking .
 Caroline -
 Max , I 'm
 Well , no one 's knock , knock , ocking on our door now .
 ' S more deadut tre than when ere was a dead guy out the .
 I 'm having second thoughts about how behav today .
 I mean , how could we have let hanive ?
 Hello .
 I brought you some rock star pudding to sayhankou .
 Oh , rock star pudding . What 's in it , pills ?
 Oken dreams ? Tear- stained panties ?
 Caroline ?
 I 'm Noas easy as Max .
 Said every gir my seventh grade class .
 Look , I was wrong .
 No , han , I was .
 We should pay rent .
 I wasn 't talking about the rent .
 Rent ? [ Muffled ] O said anything about rent ?
 I was wrong when I said it wast personal , it was business .
 After Max stopped me from being torn
 limb from limb by the smelly hippies ,
 I realized , with us , it is mostly personal .
 And a little business .
 A little business ?
 What other kind could you have ?
 Max , let 's not be hard on han .
 He 's giving us this space rent- free .
 No one said " rent- free . "
 I came up with a number I think is fair . $250, 000 .
 Yeah , sounds fair .
 I remembered that was your original cupcake shop goal .
 So when you hit that amount , we can talk rent .
 Han , that is so sweet .
 And I 'm not gonna ruin it by bringing up the fact that she just said " hard on han . "
 Really , han , it 's so , so generous .
 But don 't know if we 're comfortable with it what if we offered y a small piece of theusiness ?
 I 'll wait for thrent . You two are good fends .
 A woman finally offers han a piece , and he turns it down .
 Max . Google alert .
 Oprah 's topless ?
 Max , let that go . That 's never gonna happen .
 Not with that attitude .
 No , the autopsy says roland glass choked on a Max 's homemade cupcake .
 This is a disaster .
 Hey , where 's your enthusiasm now , miss rachael ray ?
 This place is the balls !
 And it 's just a matter of time till those sicko hipsters are lining up for " one of those cupcakes that killed that dude " open the window !
 We 're back , baby !
 But we can 't count on a guy dying every week .
 I mean , I have a positive attitude , but that 's too
 We don 't have to .
 That 's what 's so great about this window .
 Who knows what 'll happen ?
 Right , and we won 't have to chase business down because we 'll be right here on the street waiting for it to come to us .
 Max , I feel so good about the possibilities .
 One night it could be a black American express card , and the ...
 Max , is it ...
 Other nights , it 's a friendly little visit from our homeless guy .
 