0 0 : 0 0 : 0 1 , 2 0 0 - - &gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 0 2 , 5 0 0 Last episode playback
I just want to move here quickly
I will call you tomorrow
E die wait I can 't understand E die B ritt is going to ruin us
5 she was injured
10 she died and some neighbors were hired to help how could I have imagined that there would be an unannounced formal dinner?

I don 't know, some people do their own thing
I hate that she keeps looking at us
some people can 't stop
Smile G abrielle and one more not over
Oh dear A ndrew I need your help
Mom? There 's a popular book that tells us that everyone is a sinner
Of course not everyone who reads this book feels guilty about the bad things they did but Bree V an D e K amp
In fact, Bray feels guilty for a lot of what she 's done in her life
She was ashamed of not having a row of A 's when she was a kid
When she was a teen, she had a hard time trying to get her boyfriend to 2nd base
When she became a bride, she was guilty of spending three weeks getting thank you cards
But she knew that the wrongs she had done in the past were nothing compared to the sins she had to confess
Can 't we just go to the police station and tell them it was an accident?
This is no simple duet.
Your brother not only drank alcohol, but also left evidence at the scene.
So I ran away
maybe i should go to canada
You know when the statute of limitations comes into effect do you really think your parents are just signing checks for the 7 years you 've been hunting moose?
There 's no statute of limitations if Carlos ' mother dies
Yeah but that would turn into murder
do not talk !
Stop talking!
How could it be that the murder was just an accident!
we have to throw this car away
But we can 't sell what the police will find there will be DNA in there
We gotta get the car to the worst place in town We put the key in it and don 't lock the door
If the police can 't find the car we can get the insurance money but if they do
This car doesn 't belong to us
Anyone can hit Solis
That 's not bad Bree are you sure?
Our son is going to spend the rest of his life in prison
I would never allow that Bree knows what she 's about to do is wrong but like many guilty people she 's worried about making mistakes tomorrow
All right, let 's go wash the dishes
We 'll have pancakes for breakfast
Honorary production
- = COSL - YTET Group Studio = - Translation :
Kissably Proofreading: Delicious Bananas
Season 1 Episode 8 Guilty
It turns out that my own suicidal act also disrupted the peaceful life of Wisteria Alley by violence. It seems so obvious.
Needless to say my friends came to help me with this head-on problem
Susan brought garbage bags Bree also brought industrial solvent

Oh this thing is so rushed
It has to be this way I don 't want Gabrielle and Carlos to come home and see this ugly thing in front of the house
Has anyone checked that?
Julie and I checked this morning
How is Juanita? She 's been in a coma since she came out of the emergency room
No one knows when or maybe she will wake up
Terrible how much Carlos will be hit!
I hope she wakes up soon and maybe she 'll tell us who drove the car
we can only hope
Slow down! You impatient! It 's in a residential area!
WOW it 's a good throw when you do that
I 'm so pissed I have 4 kids you know?
I have to get up all night and look at the stats online
1 in 4 traffic accidents occur on residential streets
I hope whoever hits Juanita goes to jail
Don 't you think that 's a little extreme? An innocent woman was blocked by a car and the driver ran away
I don 't think it 's extreme
You should go home and take a break and eat something
You have a ton of work messages Tanaka called to say it was urgent
Carlos I can stay here with your mother
I have to be here if she wakes up
you can 't go on like this
you have to take care of yourself
What if she dies? People won 't wake up if they stay in a coma
stop talking about that
We have to have a positive attitude
Mr and Mrs Solis ?
J o h n
May I come inside ?
of course can
Mr Solis
I 'm sorry for what happened
you 'll be fine
I think I should go to the chapel now to pray
are you coming? oh no
I think I 'm going to stay here with my mother
Can I go if I go?
Of course all prayers can come
Mrs. Solis is now going to sponge her
say it again ?
Sometimes family members want to help their loved ones do these things
I don 't think I have to
M a r t h a
Where 's your wallet?
What happened there?
What are you doing? I 'm taking back the $40 you stole from my wallet

E d i e
We both know you did it, now you 're going to give it back to me
I didn 't take anything in your wallet
If I could steal your money, I 'd take your hunks too
I don 't apologize for living a healthy sex life
healthy ?
I 'm going to burn all the sheets you touch
I want my money and I want those fat-free peach yogurt
They don 't walk out of the fridge by themselves
ok then you can take that off the $40 you can give it to me now
you are my best friend
Why should I steal yours? It 's no secret that you have financial problems
I heard you scolding the bank on the phone
That 's what I can stand your debauchery and stealing but can 't stand being watched

you get me out
you are not real
yes i am i will be away tomorrow for a few days to see my sister
I wish you were gone when I came back
I will do better
I 'm leaving today
I hope this works
My sleep cycle is seriously out of whack
I stayed awake at night and dozed off during the day
trust me this will help
In fact you should feel pretty relaxed already
you know you 're right
Boys I can hear you outside now be quiet
Just sit there and draw
Now is not a good time to move
Yeah sorry just shut everything out and let it go!
imagine you are in a forest
There is a babbling creek nearby and the wind is blowing from the trees

mother
Parker I don 't know oh what do you think you 're doing
but put them back in place
I 'm sorry you said something about the wind
I 'm describing a reassuring picture
oh god
stop you little monsters
Mrs Scavo please lie down
We gotta get it done I 've got my last bit of courage now I hope I can stay with you to the end
I use my child 's ADD medication to cheer myself up
I heard you
I decided to stop but now I 'm going to sleep and I need more than these useless needles what have you got
I 'm not authorized to prescribe medication
I know you didn 't
This one can make you fall asleep instantly this is a very effective herb
Now promise me you 'll use it wisely
ok anyway
Hey-hey
hey come in
You 're a mess, I ripped these leaks off in the upstairs bathroom
rotting wood between walls
Well it sounds like a live
So Julie said you 've been there before?
Yep
I was thinking of driving to Germani Vineyard tomorrow for a wine tasting and
When do you want me to be ready?
around 6 o 'clock
6 o 'clock is fine
Well you know I think maybe and then we can have some dinner and dance
Sounds great!
Well, you know it takes about two hours to get there, and it 's not too late to come back
I think if you know the worst we 'll find a room
Oh ?
Hotel? Well, this is the last resort

Of course of course
So we should book just in case
Yeah I found some hotels online and I 'll print them out
Hey Bongo come here
Want a snack? Hey Mike, where did you put the dog biscuits?

Sorry for what?
Oh it 's all right
Didn 't we just find them?
we 're going to find them
Sorry Susan, I can 't hear what you said? What did you say?
nothing
unimportant
This is my bricklayer here see what 's good
Hey Phil oh no no tomorrow morning I 'll be doing a lumber event
that 's not good
Oh no, I 'm leaving tomorrow night
i can let him in
no thanks
It 's okay!
Just give me the key
I 'll be there all day thanks
Phil I 'm going to give the key to my en-neighbor
She 'll let you in here Like every city F airview has a place that 's not very satisfying
Everyone knows that people who hang out on the street after midnight are generally not good people
Reex and Bree V an D e K amp are no exception
Do you really think this works?
This is the poorest place in the city
Believe me someone will steal the car
How can you be so sure
because i believe in the poor
she is so beautiful
I took this picture for her birthday last year
How did you do it?
I met her in the bar
She thinks I 'm a real estate developer
Will she suffer?
Will not
E die B ritt will be gone and you will go back to your life before you did
Do you think you can ask her why she sent this message to my wife?
You can 't think like that Mr. Young You can 't give in to your curiosity
Curiosity leads to guilt
Guilt lets us speak
Do you still have questions?
i want to know some things
I took the money and ran out
If there is no refund, no buyer will blame themselves
I know
We won 't talk anymore so I 'm going to ask again
Are you sure you want to ?
my wife died because of E die B ritt
i want very much
You 've been quiet scary I 've been
thinking about the kids
They really grow up fast, don 't they?
Of course they did. I remember when they were kids I told them they weren 't going to grow up because they were so cute.
we are happy too
They didn 't go where we expected, did they?
No
they do not
we can be better parents
we 're not that bad
We still have a lot to teach them
As a start we have to make A ndrew understand what a sin he did
I think we can punish them
Yeah what punishment is appropriate for a child who bumps into a woman?
i don 't know
You know I love the kids no matter what they become
Of course you will
But I will never forgive them for growing up so fast
hey look
Then I opened the cupboard and it was full of money
I mean a lot of roll money
That 's why you 're so abnormal
A small pile of money? Okay
Okay what? I 've known this guy for a few weeks actually
I mean he could be a killer in a mob
If you really think so why do you still travel with him?
I 've never left this house Mom if you really need something that might be anomalous
Just remember you spent the night at the hotel with Mike
No man but your doctor has seen you naked in all these years
Yeah and he 's retired I try not to make that personal
you wear that old
oh maybe i 'm stupid
But going to a hotel with a man is a big deal for me
What if Mike is hiding something?
Like what?
I have no idea
that 's dad
I 'm leaving
listen to me now
Nothing more freaky I need this weekend to get better
Why do you worry so much? Because I 'm going to have a husband of my own one day
And I really don 't want you to live with us
Are the lady 's fingers okay? Oh, it 's horrible
We appreciate you all coming to visit
Well we just want you to know how worried we are
Did the police give any clues?
Not necessarily they can decide the model and material of the car
But if there are no witnesses, it is not optimistic.
Well, what 's more important, is there any good news from Juanita?
still no change
All we can do now is wait and hope for the best
We put her on our church prayer list
Oh that 's so sweet Danielle thanks to have this really helpful at times like this
have kids
yeah they are a blessing
Kids make everything worthwhile
you are the future
heritage
thanks
When we 're all dead you 'll be the only one to hold on
Gabrielle and I are going to form a family
Oh hey! That 's good
When did you make the decision?
is a recent major development
I know we 'll discuss this later
We are shallow people in the face of it
I mean what 's the point of our life if all we 've been doing is buying stuff?
That depends on what we buy I want a baby
Just in case you forgot we made a deal before we got married
No kids okay, the deal will be renegotiated
Well we can 't negotiate with my womb
we should go
yes
thank you very much
That 's weird. I think Carlos is scary
The talk about the child clearly comes from his grief
no matter what
I relieved my tired Lynette hoping that with her elixir she will finally find the sleep that hides from her
Unfortunately Lynette
no rest
go to hell
go die go die go die go die go die
Sorry we 're late K enny Litman can 't find his handkerchief
come here now
Lori Jean Scouting Conference is today ?

mother what? Oh
nice boys
This knot is called a sail toe cable
This is a very useful section
Now pick up your rope ok first let 's cross this root here and then we 'll make a loop
another one
And then you 're almost there I think and then you 'll be -- ready?
jerked tight
Mom, it doesn 't look like the picture
Why don 't you worry about being a sailor?
All right, everyone take a break
thanks
Okay, that 's all up there
May I have an autograph? Oh sure
thank you very much
for you
Have a nice weekend
you are also miss
Hey ma 'am are you still here?
I forgot to give you a receipt!
Woman?
Hello ?
i need help i 'm upstairs
I 'm stuck in the stairs Hey!
If you 're here to judge me, you can go


wait no
wait don 't go I have an idea
This this
This grabs the towel Bongo
Come and grab the other end!
good boy
just grab that end
Come on Bongo!
Pull that end! come on! Bongo !
what are you doing? Bongo is here!
B o n g o ？
Oh oh don 't do that! Oh Bongo!
When Susan was still hopeless
It 's time for Gabrielle to face the restless conscience of her young lover
no one is home
i know i 'm watching
I 'm here to talk to you
Although she needs to be cautious and continue to work
What are you thinking about showing up in the hospital?
I have to know if she 's okay
you have to keep a low profile now
you and me are over
I 'm going to stick with Danielle from now on
Why did you say that?
I hate myself for what we do
I can 't sleep at night
I want a clean rest
we didn 't drive
We didn 't chase Juanita down the street and she wouldn 't be there if we weren 't together
oh well well you and Carlos
listen carefully to me, you didn 't do anything wrong
Father C rowley doesn 't think so
what ?
I went to repent
Are you crazy ?
What did you tell him? All things included
In the alley behind the truck stop ?
everything
oh fuck you
What 's wrong with you? Now there 's a firetruck in Lassie
you stupid dog
Good boy BONGO!
Go Bongo Go! Get someone to help!
A ndrew well I know the last few days have been stressful and well
you know if you need to talk to someone
i know i know you and dad will be here
Actually I 'm thinking we should ask you to talk to a professional
neurologist?
Do you think there 's something wrong with me? Of course not. It 's just a lot of emotions from an accident
It 's normal for you to be confused, sad or ashamed
i 'm calm
Well, my dear, you put a woman in a coma
Of course that arouses some emotions
yeah yes but no
Now if you feel sorry for me
No I won 't until you tell me why you should worry ?
'Cause I have to know you 're not a devil
Do you want to know what I think? It 's ok to start now
I feel sad she got hurt
But I still think my car is polluted
Because some people don 't have enough awareness that they don 't look to the side when they cross the street
And I also feel bad that I have to ride my bike to school
A ndrew you almost killed
Is she an old woman?
she has her own life
I have my whole life ahead of me and now I need to cheer up
That 's what you need to worry about
What I 'm worried about is A ndrew you don 't seem to have a conscience
Give me a reason why I didn 't call the police
because i am your son
That 's what makes you a devil
hey puppy
Susan is that you?
Mike ? I 'm almost upstairs
wait, i 'm about to go up
What happened? Look how this bird flew from your bathroom
i want to save it but
it died i don 't think it happened that way
I don 't think either
Can you help me get out of here?
Come
thanks
you don 't know what that 's like
What did you see in my closet?
Oh I can explain
Get out!! Mike . . .
go out


Hello
good afternoon
Oh ok isn 't this as pretty as a picture book?
Okay, the plan is to build a small apartment building

Do you want to make money? Or do you want to walk?
what you think ?
I 'm thinking about that tree-lined road
I ran there many times


beautiful stationery
Oh what do you mean it was stolen?
I lived with my neighbor Martha Huber after my house burned down
Until that old fish kicks me out
I stole hers anyway and she stole mine
That 's the life cycle
So this paper is hers?
oh god yes


No T om you can 't do this to me
because i need you at home kids stop!!! i 'm on the phone!! ok yes i guess it 's not your fault the meeting is postponed
But you promised to come back tonight
I am going to hang up the kids
yeah i know you 're sorry
Can you try to come back as soon as possible?
ok goodbye kids can you stop!
Good good mother has a headache, okay?
as long as


turn that damn off
What 's wrong with you?!
Why don 't you listen to me?
Do you want noise??

what ?
I just came over to say I 'm sorry
I 'll pay for it, don 't worry
ok so you mean the appointment was cancelled ?
You go around my house and check my stuff
Yeah in my dictionary pretty women are a curse blah blah now I 'm on tour
Because I stumbled across money
then found a gun
Are you a drug dealer or what? That 's what you think?
Well how would I know you never let me know
You know you closed your whole life
I have a gun to protect myself and save money for emergencies
I 'm a good man Susan you have to know
I can 't share every little detail of my life with you
Every little detail is a thing
You know the weird little secret that 's another
I don 't want to be with people who don 't trust me
Well we probably shouldn 't be dating
maybe we shouldn 't
Are you serious? Yes I hope you know little secrets that keep you warm at night
Because you throw away something important to protect it

Susan, can you help me take a look at the child?
L ynette now is not the time no no sorry but i can 't do it
That 's just too much kids, you 're going to stay with Aunt Susan for a while
Lynette, do you know when you 'll be back?
L y n e t t e ? !
L y n e t t e !




That 's Lynette 's car and she 's locked in there.
I hope the kids aren 't too hard for Danielle
she will be fine
Do you know what happened to Lynette?
I don 't know but I 'm scared
Something is really wrong


Lynette dear ?
How are you ?


priest
I am so glad you will come and pray for mom
please sit down
Thank you G abrielle

Listen, there 's something I 've really wanted to know since you 've been here
The whole thing is that priests are not allowed to repeat the confessions they heard
Is it a tough character or just a general guideline?
Rest assured everyone 's secrets are safe
great to hear this
I 'll keep yours too if you 're gonna say
Oh me ?
no no
Confession really isn 't my thing, that 's a shameful thing

Well you can stop berating me with your eyes now
I know you know about me
But you know nothing about my life
Look that 's not even a thing anymore John and I ended up Gabrielle church is pure
If you commit the unforgivable sin you will die for not repenting
You 're gonna go to hell

So if I admit it, it will end the past, right?
More than that, if you want God 's forgiveness, you have to be really sorry
And you have to promise not to do it again
What if I repent later?
Like I said when I was 75
I don 't recommend waiting what if you die before then ?
Well, I just think I won 't die, I 'll make yam, I 'll eat well
Will my confession still work if I wait?
If you really want to be thank you Father C rowley
you are a good comforter
Well I 'll let you do something
G a b r i e l l e
You know we have full responsibility for the choices we make
Do you really want to be a good person?
All I want to do is be happy
That 's a selfish kid 's answer
I know then I 'm going to start taking pills because it gives me energy but I can 't sleep after that
Then I get tired during the day
that really messed me up

i love my children
I 'm sorry they have a mother like me
Lynette you are a great mother
No, I am not
I can not do it
I don 't want to feel like a loser anymore that 's a shame
no, it is not
You are addicted to your child 's ADD medication
It happens you have 4 kids that 's a lot of stress
darling you just need some help
that 's shameful
Other mothers don 't need help
other mothers look easy
All I did was complain that it wasn 't true when Julie was a kid
I almost lose my mind every day
I was always upset when Andrew and Danielle were young and I cried while they were taking their naps

Why don 't you ever tell me this?
Oh baby nobody wants to admit they can 't handle the pressure
I guess that 's what we think you know
It 's easier to hide it
oh we shouldn 't
we should tell each other about this
helpful right?
Yes
really have


So Martha Huber has been alone
looks like
E die didn 't live with Huber until your wife got this black mail
God we almost killed an innocent woman
like i said i won 't get my money back
But if you want I 'll pay to visit Mrs. Huber 's
Don 't leave the money, the whole thing is tearing me apart
nightmare self-blame
That 's not what Mary Alice really wants
So what does she want?
Answer




Hello Mrs Huber
P a u l
let me help you
really don 't need
I insist




Ant?
yes i have a small pest problem i want to fix before i go on a trip

Never had a problem with ants
Mary Alice and I had some black flies oh? Her reaction to that was hilarious
She ran out and bought a can of poison to spray on them
She 's aiming for a target on the cabinet just
Stopped and put down the jar
she can 't
She later told me privately
She doesn 't dare to kill a fly that 's how gentle she is
Then you have to live with a lot of flies
I 'm going to say goodnight to you Paul


what is this for ?
i want to know why

I know you have a lot of questions
And I know I don 't want to lose you
So ask me anything you want to know
You just tell me all I need to know


Well my idiot husband died and left me a worthless pension

I want money desperately
The best way is to get it from a bad guy instead of a good guy
How did I know that would make her shoot herself?
she is a good person
Would a good man keep her child alone?
Read the bible Paul Suicide is a terrible thing to do
Don 't you ever feel guilty about yourself?
Why do I want to ?
Your wife didn 't kill herself because I wrote this note
She committed suicide because of what she did to her children
But don 't worry
I 'm praying for Mary Alice
She needs our prayers after that

There is a popular book that tells us that everyone is a sinner
Of course not everyone who reads this book feels guilty about the bad things they did
On the contrary, some people think that should be more than condemned
Others appease their consciences with their little things of kindness
or tell themselves their crimes are justified
Finally some people swear they 'll be better next time
then pray for forgiveness

Sometimes their prayers are answered
Season 1 Episode 8 Guilty
