







touchdown six
anyone will remember
It 's all in the computer, the computer remembers it
data will be converted into scores
It 's hard to say, it 's actually kind of stupid.
i just want to watch the game
You 're just afraid of losing twenty bucks
If you want me to gamble, then gamble
Why should we bother with these superfluous things?
Trust me you will eventually... . .



He 's not in a coma but hasn 't responded yet
Signs stabilized they are controlling his blood pressure but will he wake up
understand what 's going on
we don 't know
this doesn 't work
Gustavo, he 's being treated very well here
Even the best hospitals can hardly do better, even if he 's being treated at Johns Hopkins
would be any different
Probably will, or nothing at all

but in the end
I can 't think of anything better for him

Doesn 't he deserve what he 's doing now?
What happens to him, I have the final say

No one 's turn to say

'Breaking Lawyer' Season 4 Episode 2








0 0 : 0 4 : 1 8 , 8 8 0 - - &gt; 0 0 : 0 4 : 2 3 , 3 8 0 Original translation and bilingual subtitles The latest serial overseas film and television drama download please visit www . YY e T s . com For communication only Learning to ban commercial profits is finally up
Want freshly squeezed orange juice?
Great, Vit C
Can help you get back to the translation faster Floss almonds Scarlett Chris I don 't think so
Maybe it 's impossible to say
i 'm fine
Translate E unice eat popsicle runaway small can
and my breakfast sandwich
Leftover bacon translation AE _ C ass A _ We eijoy _ bwl Full of healing power
ok i believe
I also made coffee
Proofreading murmurs
Add some cinnamon to taste
try something different
Time axis remembering that you got up early today
That 's right
did you wake up
Not Not Totally No Late 8 T
I 'm the one who quarrelled with you
no i would have been anyway
- sorry - about to get up
Director murmurs I have a bunch of interviews and I want to get a head start
Go south first and have an interview with the chief of staff in Povardera
Then head north to Argodones there 's a lot to run
Jimmy, you can slow down
Now no one 's going to complain that you don 't have a stable job

What are you waiting for, I don 't want to keep thinking about work
We need another paycheck too
Besides, this is your office now
I don 't want to distract you - but you won 't distract me - yes
So I 'm going out looking for a job
- wish me luck- wish you good luck
Thai or Mexican
I 'll bring dinner with me when I get back
You can choose
Then I really have to choose well, Jimmy, wait.
are you
you 're not going to meet them
If there 's anything important, howard knows, contact me


Myself


dad
it 's over


keep it
no one will come




child

So when will you be done?
i figured out a way











You see that 's Alma
On the left is Mr. Ollieve 's aunt and uncle
They started the company about fifty years ago
- That 's awesome - yeah
The other is Frank Kirk
one of the early maintenance workers
They must be relying on him that 's a thermal fax machine
Requires special coated paper
to print the finished product
You know well I used to work in the mailroom
Often deal with maintenance workers, they like to talk about their business
Yeah, it 's a bunch of lonely people
This special bestseller
made us famous
- That 's a 6 5 0 0 color machine - yeah
This is awesome, have you ever seen how awesome it is? It only takes fifteen seconds to print one.
I used to use it when I was in Chicago
This machine is too useful
So much so that counterfeiters use it to print counterfeit five-dollar bills
What What ? - Yeah - that 's not right
- Yeah - look here
You 've got quite a few things here, yes, Mr. Neve is keen to sponsor children.
bowling fun we did well in the nineties
But the kids don 't seem to be interested anymore
Yeah this generation recognizes sandbags and video games
who said no

Hummel Terracotta Figures
to those that are Alma 's
She likes to collect little toys Will God rest her in peace
I know a lady who does the same
Are you visiting the wall full of waste?
I have to throw them all in the trash
Just not yet motivated to execute Mr. Neff, this is James McGill
Just call me Jimmy
Nice to see you Jimmy
He told me about the salesman going from office to office
Can accept countless closed doors
only one task
Upgrading their old copiers to
Do you think you have the ability for your latest model?


Easier said than done
I 'd love to try it
People say tenacity is persuasive
are my two most prominent features
I gotta say Jimmy knows copiers well
so it says you were a lawyer before

until not long ago

What happened

Do you know why God created the viper before he created the lawyer?
he needs to practice
- 'needs practice' - yeah that 's the only lawyer joke I know
Because the rest is real
I know you 're looking for someone with sales experience
I really don 't have any experience other than my lawyer
It 's a lawyer 's job to sell. I sell to the judge. I sell to the jury. Sometimes I have to sell to the client.
Convince them to accept the best deal and give up the bad option
But every moment of every day I persuade, persuade, sell
I see what you mean we have a lot of high priced products
Customers tend to refuse
My soul animal is the monster lizard I won 't let go once it catches its prey
i like i like

You 're right Jimmy
I see why Henry wants me to see you
thank you for coming
No problem, you 're welcome, we need to discuss
Results in about a week
- Great - I 'll let you know when
- thank you - you 're welcome
Great




What 's up
I 'm sorry can I hold you a little longer? I 'll finish soon of course Jimmy
what do you think listen i know
You need to take some time to consider these candidates
But can we decide now? We all know there is a saying called opportunity cost.
The time you look for the right person is the time I can work for you
Of course, there are a lot of people out there than me
Experienced salesman
but how many of them
Can they come and apply in the next week? Are they worth the wait?
maybe worth maybe
but i can say
None of them are better than me
No one is more familiar with your products
I used to work in the mail room and I knew the importance of copiers. Deadlines changed urgently. I was there.
I 'm clearing paper jams I 'm clearing ink from the axles trying to figure out where the vertical lines on the paper are coming from
I bow down
Tie misplaced hands covered in ink
A row of assistants waiting outside the door, all worried about losing their jobs if they can 't get the papers in five minutes
I understand that I know better than anyone that copiers are at the heart of any business
Copier failures cause delays
Will cause losses Will lead to employee dissatisfaction Will affect the office environment
Business activities will be half dead
But once you use your brand new machine
a healthy and strong heartbeat
bang bang bang bang
This is good business
bang bang bang bang
It 's a successful business
That 's what we 're selling
Wait a while





I do not need. . .
quite exciting
great and this gentleman
All the passions . . .
You imagine the effect of sending him out
yes
Jimmy welcome to the team
Really
- That 's right - congratulations
We got Audrey from HR to help you onboard
Fill out the paperwork and hope you 'll be ready by today
Yes, it gets you to work. What are you waiting for?
But you were going to spend some time
think again
As a result, I came in and made a generous statement.
got the job
yeah that 's it
are you crazy
you don 't know me at all
I just walked in from the street
You two are like two cats
I came in and waved a shiny thing and you screamed want
no due diligence
no background checks
didn 't directly hire a nice talker
I might be a serial killer
I might pee in your coffee pot, maybe I 'm both
So you don 't accept the job
no i do not accept
idiot
i pity you
Neff copier





hello please
Are you still hiring sales assistants?
Great, I 'll be there in twenty minutes

Jimmy McGill
Allen is great
thank you allen see you soon






Grandpa see how high I swing
very powerful
Be careful


Hey
I am

what time do we meet

ok i can get there
you inform her

Okay

ok baby, it 's time to take you back to mommy
Can you play another five minutes?
baby don 't do this
please
five minutes
I am timing
thanks







good afternoon
Hello, I am looking for Pastoral Electric
Go straight down the corridor to the conference room on the left
Thank you



very good please take a seat


You came all the way, not just for me
I travel a lot for meetings with dealers
Albuquerque is just one of the stops

All right
I just want to hear your explanation
You stole an employee 's ID
Easy access to my warehouse to interfere with operations
also threatened my plant manager why
I 'm a security advisor on your ledger
My presence in your warehouse makes this cover-up more credible
If anyone asked me if I was there, I was
Besides, you have some problems that need to be corrected
Treat it as my extra service that 's not the point
This was supposed to be just a paper transaction
You sit at home and we pay you . . . your own money
The way you do things increases the risk of exposure
I think it 's less risk as I said now my face matches the name of the salary
what is your plan
Pastoral has eight sites in the Southwest I 've been to one and seven left.

if i want you to reconsider
Then I want you to reconsider


Gus Flynn has some respect for you now
If it were me, I would cherish this respect






Hello
sorry for bothering
Dr. Diesse, this is Dr. Maureen Blackner.
I just arrived at the hospital this morning, nice to meet you.
Dr. Blackner
Dr. Blackner is a visiting scholar from Johns Hopkins
We invited her to be the inpatient department
Attending physician of several seriously ill patients
including mr seramanga
- Johns Hopkins - Yes, experienced Dr. Blackner
It is an honor to lead us
It 's only for the time being, I won 't get in your way
ok when you want to call the patient file
The staff here will help you at any time
I 'm always happy to help if you have any questions
Thank you
Just to clarify, I don 't want to get in your way
We can look after this patient together if you want
no no he gave it to you
Thanks, good luck

Well, the patient will be handed over to you
Please let us know if you need anything
OK
Thank you
are you family



are you family
is it the son
he is our uncle
Hope you know that your uncle is getting the best care at Lovelace Hospital
But we 're going to try new treatments listening to brain damage due to a stroke
Damaged areas are irreparable
Our job is to stimulate your uncle 's brain
Let the brain repair itself
We 're going to start with the legs

when did they come

Don 't worry, the situation is under our control





Hello, are you also family members?
Okay like what I just said
I 'll bring an occupational therapist later to start the electrical stimulation of the patient
At this time, I hope that it is possible for you to speak to Hector.
he can hear you
The more you talk, the more chance your brain will respond
There is also a greater chance of the nerves reconnecting
ok
very good
We will try to help your uncle
Very happy to meet all of you


say




Hector
the street is fine

our people are busy
very busy
That 's right Hector
Now our size is the largest and everything is fine
We had a bit of a run-in with the gang in Lomas.
But we 've taught them a lesson
get things done
No one wants to mess with Salamanga
no one dares


you look good mr hector
really good
those doctors will cure you
That 's right
You 'll definitely get through this
then get stronger







Hey
is it me can we meet
- Not now - I 'm in town and you can meet wherever you want.
The phone isn 't being monitored, right?
I talked to your security services contractor
I explained the situation again
But he still went his own way
I understand
But he 's just kidding
Does the reason for doing these things matter? If the person is unreliable, the reason does matter. He is reliable.
So I should keep letting him steal my employee 's ID.
I don 't know where and what kind of confusion he will cause next time
And what kind of mess am I going to clean up?
I don 't want to bother with these things
Then I suggest you give him a certificate directly

Loboro Fried Chicken
varga and salamanga people cologne
They came in the afternoon and the nephews were in his ward all day
blackner watched him three times
She has a few experts around her
They took him for a brain scan
and then
That 's it, nothing else


do you want me back to the hospital


No
Call Victor and ask him to come see us



Only the last few documents left. I know Chuck is very thoughtful, but I didn 't even think about it.
There 's so much paperwork to deal with I 've been working with him for so long
I 'm surprised and happy to see him being so restrained
this one is
- a previously discussed property transfer agreement - that 's right
Please sign here and here

am i late
You came just in time without Kim. Rebecca 's side is coming to an end.
Hi Rebecca, nice to see you again
I 'm sorry we didn 't get a chance to talk more at the funeral
It 's okay, everyone wasn 't in the mood to chat
So Jimmy isn 't here
I 'm here to represent him
That 's almost it
I 'm sorry to call everyone over so soon
After all, Chuck 's funeral didn 't take long. Actually, I should be blamed for Howard being polite.
thank you Julie

Anyway, since Rebecca happens to be in town
Better to talk about the inheritance in person. Of course Chuck left the house to Rebecca.
And as executor I will liquidate the property Howard suggested and of course I agreed
we should
Show Jimmy a look at what 's been preserved
then take what he wants
if he has feelings for something
we can make an appointment
Also provides trucks and warehouses to keep what he chooses to keep
No problem Jimmy doesn 't want anything

you sure
The garage should be intact
Except for some broken pipes
he doesn 't want thank you ok i understand
Then Jimmy 's words
All that 's left is to get him to sign the agreement
After signing the agreement we can give it to him
His share of the estate is I guess four thousand bucks
five thousand
You 're trying to exclude him from the will and don 't want to provoke protests
Just enough money to show that the recipient is not forgotten Chuck is also scholarship for a promising youth
donated a large sum of money
I hope Jimmy can agree to serve on the board I 'll let him know
is there anything else
Chuck left a personal letter to Jimmy
only him



Howard thank you for all you do
I know it 's hard, it 's hard for all of us
I don 't want to delay you letting me send you out
Actually, Howard, we still have something to discuss
Kim please give my regards to Jimmy
I will
nice to meet you Rebecca
Me too

be careful
Kim I just
i must know
What are you thinking
what is it about
You went to see Jimmy on his brother 's funeral and told him all the bullshit
what are you thinking
Say Chuck committed suicide
What 's wrong with you
I think

i owe jimmy a truth
owe him a truth do you owe Rebecca
will you tell her your theory
Chuck deliberately set fire to suicide

I don 't think so
I think you just told Jimmy that theory.
Kim I didn 't do it to hurt Jimmy no you did it to make myself better
That 's not my intention
Let go of the sins in your heart and make yourself better
Who cares what it means to Jimmy right as long as Howard Hamlin is okay Kim you 're not fair
fair
So let 's talk about fairness
Have Jimmy in the fire wreck where his brother screamed to death
rummaging around and finally let him pick up a souvenir or two
That 's fair enough. I heard that right.
You want him to serve on a scholarship board
what a chuck says
won 't give jimmy a scholarship either
Absolutely not
What the hell is this shit written by Howard?
Everyone is dead and you have to leave a sentence 'Fuck your brother'
How could I possibly do such a thing to him
Is there any remedy
nothing
there is nothing you can do
just stay away from us








I hope you 're hungry, I bought a lot of food
Of course, I am open to anyone who comes. The bar is still a sofa, right?
then go to the sofa to eat
Five minutes later if I remember correctly
There is a classic movie channel about to broadcast
'Blood Fighting Bandit' has no commercials in the middle, another channel will broadcast 'Jaws 3' but there are commercials

It 's hard to decide
Jaws 3-D to be exact
Let 's watch 'Blood Fighting Bandits'
ok i bought thai iced tea
You can have some wine if you want
No need for iced tea
How 's the job search going?
Not bad, found several job opportunities
In fact, one already wants me
- really - yes
But it doesn 't feel right
doesn 't feel right for me
But maybe one or two other companies
call me back
What a great start
Who can invite you who is the honor
How are you today
basically stay here
Sorting out the information though Paige and Kevin didn 't stress me out
But I have to get back to work too, right?
The movie is about to start, what about the remote control?





'The Bavarian Boy' Hummel Terracotta Figure









busy now
Please leave a message is I am like this I have something to look for you
is work
I think you 'll love to call me back




we take six tonight
what
Six bucks boss will be happy
how are you with me
Of course



what about others

I only see five
That special we don 't think so
That 's it
Salamanga wants six
We won 't go until we get six

Your boss can 't give orders
He can 't even open his eyes
is my order
Either take five or nothing




do you still want to get out of here

as he said six
put the gun down
do you really want to do that

good



Well done
We scared them to pee their pants





i know what you did

People in Salamanga they don 't know yet
do you understand what i 'm talking about


look at me
From now on
you belong to Me


