He threatened my father with a gun He  ' sgotagun . . . tomyfather  ' shead .
We 'll deal with Lalo first and then we 'll talk about Wetakecare of Lalo.
T henwe  ' lltalk . G ray M onte C arlooccupiedbyonemale . Pueblo

We verbally reached an agreement We hadaverbalagreement .
And Kevin can still build his call center for everyone to win K evinstillgetshiscallc enter .
E v e r y b o d y   w i n s .
I can 't take it anymore I can 'tdothisanymore.
We are all lying Youlie!
I   l i e !
Either we end the relationship now E itherweendthisnow . . .
Just how Orwhat ?
Either we . . . O rmaybe . . .
Either we 'll get married Maybewegetmarried .


An old account of the past

Focus only on the future L et  ' sjust focus on from hereo noout
That 's right, what 's past has gone right.
P a s t   i s   p a s t .
A ndmovingforward . . .
If I want to hide something from you U h , if I have theurgetonottelly ousomething , I still have to tell you then I  ' vegottatellyou .
yes full disclosure [honest]
R i g h t .   F u l l   d i s c l o s u r e .
- Are we both- We are both- A nditworksbothways ?
-   W o r k s   b o t h   w a y s .


Muted And . . . mute .
What if I want to hide something from you O kay , what if I have theurgetonottelly ousomething , but I tell you , and youdon  ' tlikewhatyouhear ?
I just want to know what 's going on I justwanttoknowwhat  ' sgoingon .
Yeah but yeah , but - -
Jimmy boat to the bridge naturally straight Jimmy , we  'llcrossthatbridgewhen wecometoit .
He came to T hereheis.

Are we really going to do this S o , we  ' rereally doing this , huh ?
Seems to be Yeah, looksthatway.
Am I late? Am I late?
- No - Good - No ope . - C ool .
Good morning Mornin '.
- Thanks for coming - nice to meet you - T hanksforcoming .
- G oodtoseeyou . - Let 's go - OK - S hallwe ? - Y eah .





What 's up What 's sup?
Want me to keep your ring for you? W antmetoholdtheringsfo ryou ?
No rings Oh, there 's snorings.
It 's easy. Well, I canfix that easy.
There is a clerk downstairs I seenaclerkdownstairs .
He has a good diamond ring Hehadanicerock , should have half a carat probably about ahalfaca rat .
Huell , no .

This is not doing that kind of thing T hisisadifferentkindof thing .

Oh . I t  ' slike that .
Then we should make a whole set for your two children Then weshoulddoituprigh t , then , furtherugrat .
No children No , there  ' snorugrat .

Well, you  ' reatleastgonnatakeher somewhere after this ?
Little honeymoon Littlehoneymoon ?
I have a friend who runs a hotel in Roswell I gottafriend whorunsa B &amp; B in R oswell .
Get your discount Getyouagooddeal .
Let 's talk about it next time Howaboutwetakearainche ckonthat ?
We have to get this done asap We justneedtogetthisdon e .
Do you understand Youfeelme ?
This is a legal arrangement T hisisalegalarrangemen t .
That way if I 'm in trouble T hisway , if I getintotrouble , they can 't force her to testify against me they can  ' tmakehertestifyagains tme .
You got married for this You ougetting hitchedforth at ?
That 's right Yeah.

That 's right because of this Y eah . T hat  ' sallthisis .
Do you understand Yougotit ?
Is her last name McGill or Goodman S hegonnabea Mc G illor G oodman ?
Wexler W exler .
I went to work I - I gottogofinishthis .
To Hereyougo. James M. McGill Kimberly Wexler
Thank you Thanks .
Sir , have you brought the documents of the previous two divorces Sir , doyouhavedocumentation nofyourtwopreviousdis solutions ?
brought Yeah .


Well wait for Great .
The nesec.



Are you okay with T hisokaywithyou ?
O fcourse. 嗯 Y eah.

I am . . . I justmean , um . . . this may not be what you dreamed of when you were twelve thismight not be what you dreamed of when you were 1 2 .
Jimmy , it  's not about that .
It 's just . . . T hisisjust , you know . . .
- we talked about - yes - everythingwetalkedabo ut. -Right.
Right . I know .

Just to confirm Justmakingsure. All set.

Give me another twenty-five I justneed $ 2 5 .
I 'm coming I gotit .


marriage certificate
The wedding ceremony is all simple

0 0 : 0 4 : 4 3 , 3 8 0 - - &gt; 0 0 : 0 4 : 4 7 , 8 8 0 Original translation and bilingual subtitles The latest serial overseas movies and TV dramas can be downloaded at www . YY e T s . com For communication only Learn to ban commercial profit translation meat floss Chris River S ide 1 5 2 E unice
Translation Eating Popsicle Su Kui Almond Scarlett
Sorry for the long wait S orrytokeepyouwaiting .
Busy Beenthatkindofday today.
Translate M argaery sub V joy _ bwl
Wexler and McGill S o . . . W exler - Mc G ill ?
Proofreading murmurs to Yes .
You picked the short oath, right?
Timeline Tweet Tweet Green Onions
to Yes .
Are there witnesses? Andyouhaveyourwitnesse s ? Late 8 T that 's ok O kay , then .

Let 's start Herewego.
Director murmurs
Started Herewego.

' James Morgan McGill ' Doyou , James Morgan McGill , Will you marry Kimberly Wexler ' take Kimberly W exlerto - - '


No middle name H mm . No middlename .
'Be your lawful wife' To obey our lawfullywedded wife ?
T ohaveandtohold , from thisdayforward , from this day forward , forbetter , forworse , poor or rich forricher , forpoorer ,
health or disease insicknessandinhealth,
Till death do you part' tilldeathdoyoupart ?
I would like to do .
'Kimberly Wexler' Anddoyou, Kimberly Wexler, will you marry James Morgan McGill take James Morgan McGill to be your legal husband tobeyourlawfullywedde dhusband?
T ohaveandtohold , from thisdayforward , from this day forward , forbetter , forworse , poor or rich forricher , forpoorer ,
health or disease insicknessandinhealth,
until death separates you' tilldeathdoyoupart ?
I would like to do .

Do you have rings ready? Doyouhavetherings?
We . . . We e , um - -
We don 't do that set We edidn  ' tdothat .
No Rings Norings .
Okay O key - dokey .

'By the state of New Mexico' Then by the powervestedin me by the state of New Mexico,
I now declare you husband and wife' I nowpronounceyouhusban dandwife.'

' You can kiss now ' ' Youmaykiss . '




Return primary Onemore, onemore.

Breaking Lawyer Season 5 Episode 7

Have lunch together? S o , lunch is definitely out ?
Sorry I can 't get away from S orry .
I - I   j u s t   c a n ' t   g e t   a w a y .
But I 'll be home early tonight But I 'llbehomeearlytonight.
I am Metoo too.



Saul Goodman , speedyjusticeforyou !
I 've been calling you I been calling you .
I 'm busy in the morning Yeah.
I   h a d   a   b u s y   m o r n i n g .
Go to the detention center G otolock - up .
There is a client waiting for you Client  ' swaitingforyou .
My 'client' My 'Client' ?
W h a - -
Who got caught this time W hogotpickedupthistime ?
Jorge D e Guzman.
Who is Jorge de Guzman W hethehellis J orge D e Guzman ?
What do you think Who hodoyouthink ?






Jorge de Guzman indictment of S tatevs .
J o r g e   D e   G u z m a n .
Case Number CR - 2 0 0 4 0 0 3 0 2 2 Case CR - 2 0 0 4 0 0 3 0 2 2 .
Mr. De Guzman Mr. r.
D e   G u z m a n .
Murder in the first degree , armed robbery robberywhilearmedwith adeadlyweapon , tampering with evidence arson tamperingwithevidence , arson - -
Your Honor my client Y our Honor , uh , myclientwaives waive the reading of the remaining charges the reading of there maining charges .
How does he defend Howdoesheplead?
Innocent on all charges ' No otguilty ' onall charges .
I would like to schedule a pre-trial hearing in six weeks ' time I 'dliketoschedulepre - trialhearinginsixweek s .
and refused bail for the accused A nd I 'mgoingtodenybond.
Your Honor Your Honor - -
This is my decision T hat  ' smydecision .


Thank you for taking the time to meet us at T hankyouformakingtimef orusonsuchshortnotice .

We want to tell you face-to-face howmucheveryoneinthef irm all of us at Wewantedtotellyouface-to-face howmucheveryoneinthef irm regrets what happened yesterday regretswhathappenedye sterday.
T hesituation in T ucumcari spiraled out of control , for which we take full responsibility and we take full responsi bility .
Kevin you chose me as your lawyer Kevin , youchosemeasyourattor ney .
It was the best day of my professional life An nd that was the best day of my professional life .
Yesterday was the scariest day of my career Y esterday wastheworstda yofmyprofessionallife .
I can 't express my apologies for letting you down I can  ' ttellyouhowmuch I regret that I letyoudown .
But I want you to know that if you choose But I wantyoutoknowthat, ifyouchoose continue to cooperate with me and the law firm tomoveforwardwithmean dwithus, this kind of thing will not happen again nothinglikethatwillev erhappenagain.
Something went wrong and it is undeniable that No oone  ' sdenying that thing swentoffcour se , but we should remember that in the past year and a half butlet  ' skeepinmind that overth elast 1 8 months , we opened twenty-four new branches we  ' veopened 2 4 new branches .
A nd , until Tucamcari , the legal work has been flawless thelegalworkhasbeen . . . flawless .

Kim, you dropped the chain. It 's not like Kim, you dropped the ball.
T h a t ' s   f o r   s u r e .
With your wit And , uhwithallyoursmarts , and a whole office of highly educated colleagues wholeofficefullofasso ciatesand fancydegrees . .
You know what 's going on Well, you know whathappened.
I expected more from you. I expected more.
Thank you for coming T hanksforcomingin .
Thank you Kevin T hankyou , Kevin .

- Paige - Thank you - Paige . - T hankyou .
Kim One more thing Kim , onemorething .
This guy 's name is McGill or Goodman. T hisfella - - Mc G illor G oodman , whatever .
You can find a better Youcoulddoawholelotbetter.

I think five to five but at least we tried I 'llsay 5 0 / 5 0 , butwegaveitashot .

Rich we can 't just go Rich, we can ' tleave it like this.
He will struggle for a while to see the results. Oh, he  ' llstewforabit , andthenwe  ' llsee .
What if he continued to work with us? Andifhedoesstickwithus, thenwhat?
Shall we keep walking on thin ice Wewalkoneggshellsforev er ?

Do we have any other options What  ' souralternative ?

Did we refute We ecounteredwithseven , right ?
Yes but after the survey Yes , but after the survey - -

Sorry to disturb U h , sorrytointerrupt .
Do you mind if we take a few minutes more Do oyoumindifwetakejusta notherminuteofyourtime e ?
Can I guess .

Kevin Whatever our next relationship looks like Kevin, nomatterwhatourrelati onshiplookslikemoving forward, we owe you a fact weoweyouthetruth.
The fact is that you have ignored our advice A ndthetruthis , youignoredouradvice .
It 's my fault Oh, sothisismyfault.
We said that Mesa Verde Wesaid Mesa Verde should reconsider the address of the call center shouldreconsiderthesi teforthecallcenter .
You rejected Youdeclined .
We suggest that you keep the land that has been sold as an investment Weadvisedyoutokeepthep urchasedlotasaninvestment .
You also rejected Youdeclined.
We also recommend that you leave the meeting A ndweadvisedyoutoleave thatmeeting because the other party is clearly going to extort during the negotiation whenitbecameapparentt hattheothersidewasneg otiatinginbadfaith .
You still rejected Youdeclined .
We give you the best guidance at every step A teverypoint , wegaveyouthebestguida ncewecould , but every time you choose to be andateverypoint , youchosetogoyourownwa y .
We are your lawyer Weareyourattorneys , it is our duty to advise you anditisourjobtoadvise you.
The one who makes the decision will always be you. T hedecisions will always beyours, but if you continue to ignore our advice but . . . if you continue to ignore us . . . then we should not cooperate thenisthewrongrelationship.
And Kevin I have to tell you A nd , K evin , I havetotellyou , whoever is your lawyer in the future whoeverrepresents youi nthefuture . . . I hope you will listen to them more I hopeyou  ' regonnalistentothemal ittlebitbetter .

Are you done T hatit ?
Well then Alright , then .
See you on Thursday .
Good Okay.
We . . . don 't bother Well , uh . . . I guesswe  ' llgetoutofyourhair .
Thursday .


J M M   J M M .
What is that What  ' s that ? is my motto Oh , that  ' smymotto .

Is it Yeah?
' Justice is the most important ' ' Justice Matters Most . '

Good to say the point O kay , brasstacks .
How credible is the identity of ' De Guzman ' U m , howsolidisthis ' D e G uzman ' thing ?
If they find out who you really areB ecauseiftheyfindoutyo u  ' renotwhotheythinkyoua re ,
- that could be a bit . . . - that wouldn 't be a problem - that could bealittle - - - I t  ' snotgonnabeaproblem .
Great Great!
First U m , first up , we have to reduce the murder charge to manslaughter wegottogetthemurderra pdowntomanslaughter .
I think the D.A. is ready to negotiate a plea deal with you Now , I think that the DA isprimedtocutadeal .
Let them take the initiative to get the initiative . . . S o I saymake  'emcometous , powermove - -
- No- No- No . - No ?

Don 't talk about the protocol No .
N o   d e a l .
If it goes to court. . . Here  ' sthethingaboutgoingto trial - -
No no no No , no , no , no , no .
No court no negotiation agreement Notrial .
N o   d e a l .
ok no problem just . . .
O k a y ,   y e a h .   S u r e .
J u s t . . .
What 's your opinion Whatdidyouhaveinmind ?
You save me out first You  ' regonnagetmeoutonbail .
Bail Bail ?
This . . . T hat  's . . .

The rules over there . . . Well, thethingthere - -
I don 't know the rules of conduct south of the border I mean, I don 'tknowhowthingsworksou thoftheborder, but here in this case buthere, underthesecircumstanc es, hopeless uh, well, that ' salongshot.
Do you want to make friends with drug cartels? Q uieresseramiodeelcar tel ?
sorry i don 't understand . . .
I ' m   s o r r y .   I - I   d o n ' t ,   u h . . .
Do you want to be friends with a drug cartel? Youwannabeafriendofthe cartel ?

You should change your motto Timetogetyourselfanewm otto .
Making money is the most important Just .
M a k e .   M o n e y .


'But what does  'life and death ' mean?' '  ' B utwhatdoesthatmean , ' E phemeral ' ?  ' asked the little prince repeatedthelittleprin ce , whoeverinhislifeletg oofaquestion
Let 's get to the bottom of oncehehadaskedit . ' means  ' I tmeans ,
'In danger of disappearing soon '' 'Whichisindangerofspeed ydisappearance.'  '
'Is my flower in danger of disappearing soon'  'I smyflowerindangerofsp eedydisappearance ? '
' without a doubt '  ' I tcertainlyis .  ' '

Okay, the rest of the child will read O kay , kid , we  'llfinishthereslater later.
Now it 's time to say goodnight Now , goodnight .
No grandpa Notyet , P op - pop .
Read two more pages on Justtwomorepages.
Just two pages and sleep okay Two morepages , and that  ' sit , alright ?
You lie down now No owliedown .
'My flowers live and die' '  ' M yflowerisephemeral ,  ' the little prince muttered to himself thelittleprincesaidto himself ,
'And she has only four thorns ' and she only has fourthor ns to defend against the world' to defend herself again ttheworld.'




She fell asleep S he  ' sout .
The credit should go to The Little Prince Think ' T he Little Prince ' did thetrick .

I think you tired her out playing hide and seek with her I thinkyouworeheroutwit hallthathide - and - seek .
I can 't say good I don  ' tknow .
Maybe she 's exhausting me I thinkmaybesheworemeou t.


I have a female colleague T hisgirlatwork - - she doesn 't know how to put her son to sleep shecan  ' tgethersontosleep .
That child is Thekid  ' s 2 years old , and he is still making a fuss about the Heaven Palace in the middle of the night and he  ' sstilltearing around the ehouseatmidnight .

Matty was like that.
Really? Really?
Yeah yeah , really .

Never stop N everwantedtoconkout .

Toobusy .


He 's so cute Hewassuchacutie.
I love the picture of him sitting on Santa 's lap I lovethosepicturesofhi msittingon Santa 'slap.
That little face A hh , thatface .

Cry more than every year C riedhiseyesout .
E v e r y   y e a r .
But every second year he wants to try again A ndeveryyear , he  ' dwanttotryitagain .


I 'm better now I 'mbetternow.
What happened to W hatchanged?
I decided to face reality Decided to play the cards I wasdealt .

He just said to see Justsaidhe  ' llseeusattheregular Thursdaymeeting at the regular meeting on Thursday .
You speak the truth to those in power Youspoke truthtopower .
Then see if he listens to We  'llseeifhestickstoit .

How are you today How  ' dyourdaygo ?


I got married I gotmarried .


Come here.






What 's up What?

I want to hide one thing from you I  ' mhavingtheurgenottote llyousomething .

Not a big deal It  'snothing .
Can I tell you later I  ' ll - - I  ' lltellyoulater , okay ?


Jimmy blah blah blah Jimmy , wait .
W a i t .   W a i t .
W a i t .   W a i t .


What 's What?

I have a new client I havea - - anewclient .
He has some relationship He  ' s , um , connected .
I mean he 's the I mean, he ' sacartelguy of the drug cartel.
From Mexico on the Mexican side.
The level is quite high. P rettyhighup .
Anyway he was arrested for murder A nyway, he 'sinformurder, wanted bail and hewantsbail, which--
It 's simply not T hat  'simpossible.
This guy will never see the light of day again I mean . . . nowayinhellthisdudeis everseeingsunshine .
But if I could figure it out . . . Butif I could , youknow , somehow findaway . . . he said I could be a drug cartel friend um . . . hesaid , uh , I  ' dbeafriendofthecartel .
'Friend of the Cartel' 'Friend of thecartel' ?
You know what it means Youknowwhatthatmeans. Means money Meansmoney.

Rich like a Montana farmer Ranchin Montanakindofmoney ,
can afford own private jet like , uh , privatejetkindofmoney
Attend press conferences pressconferences ,
On TV, etc. TV news, theworks.
But . . . But . . . do you want to be a friend of the cartel doyouwanttobeafriendo fthecartel ?
No no No o .
No . Of course not me . . .
A b s o l u t e l y   n o t .   I . . .

Anyway, I haven 't written a word A nyway, it  ' samootpoint
Because the risk of this person absconding is extremely high so . . .  ' causetheguy  ' sthedefinitionofaflig htrisk , so . . .
I 'm ready to defend him well is to act like Look , I  ' mgonnaputupafight , right , justforshow .

There is no way a judge will grant his bail T here  ' snojudgeonearththat  ' sgonnagranthimbail .
I just wanted to hide this from you I just - - I didn  ' twanttotellyou , so I thought I should tell you so I thought I shouldtellyou .




Did you know Youknowwhat ?
What What?

Glad you told me I 'mgladyoudid.








Alright, back to your cell to Alright, backinyourcell!

No no I 'm fine I 'm fine No , no .
I ' m   g o o d .   I ' m   g o o d .
I ' m   g o o d .
S o , what  ' shappeningwithsixth street ?

How much A ndthetake earned? Good O kay.

What are you going to do S o , what  ' reyougonnadoaboutit ?
Are you going to get Crazy Little Eight in Yogonnasendin O cho L oco ? That 's better Oh .

E v e n   b e t t e r .   N i c e .

Listen to Listen.
I have something for you to do I gotsomethingforyoutod o .


I 'm not going to tell you anything without talking about my dad I 'mnottellingyoushitunt ilwetalkaboutmydad.

What are you going to tell me and when you say What you are notuptoyou .
You said L isten , you said when L alo  ' soutofthe picture , we can talk about my father, right?
He is out now Well, he  'soutofthepicture.

Say it S ayyourpiece .
I quit I  ' mdone . I want to quit I wantout .

You want me to help you draw the line from Flynn An ndyouwantmetosquareit with F ring .
Not just Flynn but the drug cartel F ring  ' snotallofit .
I t ' s   t h e   c a r t e l .
As soon as I disappear , they will go to my father they  ' regonnagoaftermyfather .
He has to go with me He 'sgottacomewithme.
But no matter what I say to him Butnomatter what I say , he tells me to go to the police withhimit  ' sthecopsornothing .
But the police couldn 't solve it Thecopswon  ' tsolvethis .
Do you have a way You ougotaway ?


What have you not told me What are you holding out ?
Lola called me from inside L alocalledmefrominside.
He put me back in charge He eputmebackincharge . And then And . . . ?

Then A nd . . . he wanted me to burn a Loboro fried chicken hewantsmetoburndowna Pollos Hermanos.
Then he 's not out, right? Thenhe  ' snotoutofthepicture , ishe ?



The ' A vocadomania ' promotion ,
After a trial run in a few of our selected branches which we  ' vebeentesting in select franchises , achieved excellent results hasbeenasmashingsucce ss , increasing in-store traffic by 18 % for all participating branches contributing to an 1 8 % increase in foottraffic atparticipatinglocati ons
And improved 1 2 % of customer satisfaction and 1 2 % bump in customersatisfactio n .
We knew at a glance that this was an opportunity We eknowagoodthingwhenwe seeit , so we decided to fully launch ' Avocado Storm ' soweareplanning to full yrollout ' A vocadomania ' in Q 2 .
Plus our reformed 'Family Fun Dinner' Additionally, our innovative 'F amily - fun' remodel elevates the in-store experience for bearded diners improvedthein - store W hiskerstay ' sexperience, Gustavo Flynn CEO Loboro Fried Chick
And increase the number of repeat customers across the brand resultsinincreasingdr epeatbusinesssystem-wide. In fact we are happy to announce Infact, wearehappytosharethen ews idyll electric houston
Thatthelatest ACSI survey
Show bearded eaters have made it to the national nowplaces W hiskerstay  ' sinthetop 10%
Top 10 % of limited service chains oflimited - servicechainsnationwi de .

Very good Cleo is very good Verynice , C leo , verynice .
Thank you Thankyou .
Now there 's Gustavo Fring, CEO of Los Pollos Hermanos, and now let 's shear from Gustavo Fring.
- Thank you Mr. Schuler - Please - T hankyou , Herr S chuler .
-   B i t t e .
I am pleased to tell you that I amdelightedtoreport Loboro Fried Chicken 's revenue last quarter thatthelastquarter L os Pollos Hermanosrevenues increased 8 . 3 % haveincreased 8 . 3 % .
Same-store sales increased by 4.2% year-on-year. Comparablerestaurantsa lesincreasedby 4.2%, representing the eighth consecutive quarter of same-store sales growth.


In addition to continuing to do our core products, I nadditiontoourcontinu edfocusonourcoremenu , we are also honored to introduce a new product weareveryproudtointro duceanewoffering which will expand our product line thatwillextendourprod uctline
At the same time continue to carry forward the traditional New Mexico culture whilecelebratingourtr aditional N ew M exicanculture .
I invite you to taste the new 'Spicy Twisted French Fries' I inviteyoutotasteourde licious ' Spice C urls .'
' Southwestern Twist Fries ' ' T hecurlyfrywith the S outhwesternkick . '


Arrive Hereweare.

The toilet has floor heatingT hebathroomhasheatedfl oors .
The switch is just below the light switch You  'llfindthedialjustunde rthelightswitch .
Also comes with a steam shower room T here  ' sasteamshower . . . as well as a bidet andbidet .
This can control the curtains T hiscontrolsthedrapes .
There are many guests who like to watch the rodeo game M anyofourguestshaveenj oyedtherodeo .
I t  ' sintowntomorrowat Reliant Stadium tomorrow at Lanrett Stadium .
I highly recommend I highly recommend.
Thank you Oh , thankyou .
I only stay one night I  ' monly staying the night .
Then next time N exttime , then .
Do you need anything else sir I sthereanythingelse , sir ?
No need to be like this No o .
N o ,   n o ,   t h a t   w i l l   b e   a l l .
Many thanks to T hankyouverymuch .
- Thank you Mr Flynn - You 're welcome - Thankyou , Mr r.
F r i n g .   -   M y   p l e a s u r e .
do not disturb








Peter Peter .
- Look who 's here - Who - Lookwho  ' shere . - W ho ?

Hello friend Hello , myfriend .

Gustavo Gustavo.

I 'm so happy to meet you friend I t  ' sgoodtoseeyou , myfriend .
You look good Oh , you lookwell .
I 'm not feeling well Well, I don  ' tfeelwell . But when you come I may feel better some Maybethings will improve now that you  ' rehere .

Lydia told me that Salamanga was in jail Lydiatelsme Salamancaisinjail .
Will you be able to continue the construction T hismeansyoucancontinu econstruction ?
Eduardo Salamanga arrested for murder E-E duardo S alamancahasbeenarrest edformurder.

And yet he 's in jail too. . . How ever, evenfromjailhe creates . . . issues.
What kind of restless method Whatkindofissues ?
He ordered his men to burn one of my restaurants, Heorderedhismentoburnd ownoneofmyrestaurants.
You are kidding You  ' rekidding .
He can still do that He  ' sinjail in prison .
H e   c a n   s t i l l   d o   t h a t ?
I 'm afraid I 'mafraidso.
I know it 's not my field
'To be stabbed to death' 'to be stabbed to death' Any way of death is possible I mean , ' S hanked ' and ' S hivved ' and whatnot ?
A nythinghappensto S alamancaonthissideoftheborder, the cartel will blame me on the cartelwillassumeth atitwasmydoing.
That means war I twouldmeanwar.
The war that caught us by surprise
Omg My God .
This nightmare is not over yet T hisnightmareneverends .
- He worries about money - also 'worried' - He  'sconcernedaboutthemon ey . - ' C oncerned ' ?!
4.8 million Euros 4,800,000 Euros.
It 's a miracle I didn 't get caught I t  ' samiracle I haven  ' tbeencaught .
Last year the auditors came a little short of this last year theauditorscame this close .
One of the women I think she discovered O neofthem , a woman - - I thinksheknew .
- Peter - At first it was a year - Peter - - - A tfirstitwasayear .
Then two years and three years Thenitwastwo .
T h e n   t h r e e .
Now you tell me . . . A ndnowyou  ' retellingme . . .
How long will it take?
I can 't wait I can 't.
I   c a n ' t .
They 'll catch me and it 's all over Theywillcatchme , and thenitisover .
- Peter - I can 't wait - Peter - - - I can  ' t .
- Peter - Gustavo please - Peter - - - Gustavo , please .
- I can 't wait any longer - listen to me - I can  ' t . - Listentome .
- I . . . - listen to me - I - - - L istentome .
Do you remember Santiago Doyouremember S antiago ?
Both of us T hetwoofus .
We were cornered Ourbackstothewall.
I will never forget what you did I willneverforgetwhatyo udid.
That . . . Oh , well . . .
You are still the same you Youarestillthesameman .
Necessary things you never ambiguous Youwilldowhatisnecessa ry .
Be strong friend S taystrong , myfriend .
We 've all come this far We 'vecomesofar.
It 's just a little bit short of Wearesoveryclose .

Well Okay.
Good Good.
You have dinner Now . . . youeat .


Tomorrow we go to the rodeo Tomorrowyouand I aregoingtotherodeo .
Athletics T herodeo ?
Yes to see the cowboys Yeah . T oseethecowboys .
I have never been to I  ' veneverbeentotherodeo .
You 'll like Well, you ' regoingtoloveit.
Gustavo. - Cheers - Cheers - Prosit. - Prosit.


Cheers Prost.


' Your guests can relax in an elegant great room U h ,' Yourguestswillrelaxint heelegantgreatroom with a granite stone fireplace'completewithsoaringst onefireplace.'

GraniteS oaringstone ?
Yeah that 's the best quality stone Y eah . T hat  ' sthebestkindofstone .

How about a lavender farm?
Really Seriously ?
Really nearby Lavender Y eah , well , it  ' s , uh - - it  ' slavender - adjacent .
Tell me more about Tellmemore.
'Make this magical land your home' Imagineamagicallandcal led  'home. '
Watch the sunset over your private ranch aswildflowersswayinth ebreeze in the swaying breeze.
The boutique desert club, T hisstunningdesertretr eat, provides you with a light and luxurious life style ' promotesacasual yetluxuriouslifestyle . '
I am the light luxury person I  ' mcasualyetluxurious .
It 's definitely Yeah.
T o t a l l y .
There is also a five-car garage I t  ' sgotafive - cargarage .
What then what? How  ' sthatgonnawork ?
- Can we only have two and a half cars per person - yes - Weonlyget 2 1 / 2 carseach ? - Y eah .
Garbage Garbage.

Wildflowers swaying in the sun S o , thatwaswildflowersdan cinginthesun ?
Swaying in the breeze They  ' reswaying in thebreeze .

Well Oh .
O kay . Anyway Well , eitherway .
They are all happy They  ' rehavingaverynicetime .




Saul Goodman , speedyjusticeforyou !
I have something to tell you I needaword .



O h . A word ? Y eah , uh - -
I also have something to say to you 'The Tunnel' Y eah , I haveawordforyou .
U h ,   " T u n n e l " . . .
I 'm in the tunnel now . . . whichiswhere I amrightnow .
Sorry I can 't hear S orry!
I   c a n ' t   h e a r   y o u !
Call again later Maybetryagainlater ?

Here comes Coming!

Whatever W hateveritis,
Neither my business nor your business it  ' snotforme , anditshouldn  ' tbeforyou .

Hey , forgetyourkey - -

Okay come in O kay .
Y e a h .   C o m e   r i g h t   i n .
Just treat it as your own Makeyourselfathome .
I 'm still wearing my underwear. Don 't look away. Yougotmeinmyunderwear , soenjoytheshow .

You are Eduardo Salamanca attorney You  'representing E duardo Salamanca ,
That is Jorge De Guzman AKAJ orge D e Guzman .
what 's wrong with him being my client Heisaclientofmine , yeah . S o ?

I need you to bail him out Well , I needyoutogethimoutonb ail . Wait how do you relate to Lalo Salamanga  's Wait .

W h a t   d o   y o u   h a v e   t o   d o   w i t h   L a l o   S a l a m a n c a ?
I only represent stakeholders I representsomeonewhoha saninterest .
What kind of person is Someonelikewho ?
Someone who can 't let your client knowS omeoneyourclientcanne verknowabout .
But I don 't accept mysteries giving orders.Y eah , look , I don  ' ttakemarchingordersfr omthemanbehindthecurtain .

You still promised this case. Inthiscase, it 'sbetterthatyoudo.
You know what Salamanca has done, right? Youknowwhat S alamancadid , right ?
I know I amaware .
What 's this?
Here 's everything you need to do T hisiseeverythingyounee dtodoyourjob .
Fred Whalen

Loboro Fried Chicken
























Go Go .







' Close ties to their local communities ' ' S ignificanttiestohislo calcommunity ' ?
What 's the relationship Whatties ?
Do you really think I 'll be ignorant of your D idyouactually think I wasn 'tgonnahear 'Private Investigator' about this 'P rivateeye' ofyours?
What did you say Excuseme ?
Dave Clark Dave Clark.
Dave Clark Dave Clark.
T hemysterious ' thirdparty ' who  ' scoachingyourkeywitne ss .

Alright , good .
Okay Youknowwhat ?
Just keep playing dumb Do othedumbactfor Parson .
P l e a s e .
I can 't wait to see him fix you all again I can ' twaittoseehimripyoubo thanewone.

Where is that bastard making a fuss? A nyideawhatthatasshole isgoingonabout ?

I called the librarian I 'llcallthelibrarian.




Is it okay to behave in front of the judge U h , playtothejudge , okay ?
But don 't be cynical Butdon  ' t - - don  ' t , like , playtothejudge .
Never D on  ' toverdoit .
Don 't be too pretentious T rynottobetoocool .
Be humble I mean , lookhumble .

Be a little timid. A littlebitscared. No problem. No oproblem.

- Is it them - yes - I sthatthem ? - Y ep .

Who is that Who  's that ?
It must be his family T hat  ' sgottabehisfamily .
Fred Whalen F red W halen .
T heguywhodied the deceased in travel wire transfer ?
A t   t h e   T r a v e l   W i r e ?


Heard you have new news A nd I  ' mtoldyouhavenewformation . . .

A nallegationofwitnesst ampering ?
Mr Goodman Mr.
G o o d m a n ?
Mr Goodman Mr.
G o o d m a n ?
Yes Your Honor T hat  ' sright , Your Honor .
Interfering with witnesses Witnesstampering .
I have reason to believe that I havereasontobelieve the prosecution 's key witness thattheprosecution 'skeywitnesswascoachedbyaprivateinvestigator
He was hired to obstruct justice whowashiredtopervertj ustice .
Has the prosecutor responded? D oestheprosecutionhave aresponse?
Unfortunately, Your Honor, Your Honor, there seems to be an unknown person we don 't know itseemsapersonunknown tomyteam who may have interacted with ourwitness,
have her call Detective Roberts causinghertocall Detective Roberts
And amend the testimony two months after the initial trial and amendherstatementt womonthsaftertheiniti alinterview.
We only recently found out about this The only recently came to our attention , is actively investigating and wearevigorously inv estigating .
I hope so I wouldhopeso .
Having said that, Your Honor, Your Honour, H avingsaid that, Your Honor, this witness is only a small part of this witnessisonesmall elementofthestate 'scase.
In view of the extreme violence of the crime plot and the fact that Mr. D e G uzmanisaforeignnation al
have nothing to do with the local community withnotiestothecommunity,
We ask the court to consider it as a risk that thecourtreco gnizehimasaflightrisk
It also poses a threat to the people of New Mexico andasadangertotheciti zensofNewMexico.Mr.GoodmanMr.Goodman?
With all due respect, Your Honour Judge Uh, allduerespect, Your Honor, this witness is not only in this indictment, but thewitness is not just a 'small part' of the state 's case.
She was also the only witness who could link Mr. de Guzman 's S he  ' stheonlywitness to the murder scene tying Mr. D e Guzmantothemurderscene ,
And she was manipulated and she  ' sbeenmanipulated . Also about Mr. Furthermore , the claim that Mr. D e Guzman
The claim that it has nothing to do with the local community is obviously nonsense hasnotiestothecommunity - that  ' sjustpatently false . Mr. de Guzman has a deep bond with the city of Albuquerque M r. D e Guzmanhasdeepties to the city of Albuquerque .
I introduce you to his family I  ' dlikeyoutomeet . . . hisfamily .
That 's his fiancée Uh, that ' shisfiancée his beloved Beth McKinnon and the loveofhislife, Beth McKinnon, his stepchildren Christopher and Ella hisstepchildren, Christopherand Ella,
Sitting beside them was Beth 's mother Mary andsittingwiththemis Beth  ' smother , Mary .
Lord Judge Now , Your Honor , these children have only my client, my client, the only father, myclientistheonlyfatherthatthesekidshaveev erknown.
They all depended on him to live Theydependonhim .
How can you possibly seefi t break up this beautiful family toseparatethisbeautif ul . . . family ?

抱 歉   U m . . . I ' m   s o r r y .

The testimony of Mr. de Guzman in the case, Thetestimony , um , implicating Mr. D e Guzmanin thiscrime - - is fabricated it  ' sbeenfabricated .
You have held him for three days You  'vealreadyheldhimforth reedays .
Considering the existing situation Giventhecircumstances ,
Mr. de Guzman should be released on bail Mr. D e Guzman should be granteddb ond.
Your Honour 's request to consult in private Your Honor , asidebar ?
Didn 't the prosecution do a good job investigating Didn  ' tthestatedoanyinvesti gatingatall ?
We investigated Your Honor W edid , Your Honor .
Your Honor Based on the information available . . . Yourhonor , givenwhat  ' stranspired here . . .

Okay, no more Alright, that  ' senough.
Your Honor, I really . . . Y our Honor , I really - -


I accept the defence 's view that bail is allowed
But taking into account the seriousness of the charges, B utconsideringtheseverityofthecharges,
I have decided to set the bail amount at $7 million. I will set theamount at $7 million.
Cash only.
Your Honor . . .
O h ,   Y o u r   H o n o r   - -
All stand up A llrise .


Seven million $ 7 million ?
Yes I am really sorry Yes , and I amso , sosorry .
I can pay I candothat. The problem is Thingis,

- you gotta get my money - what i - i  ' mgonnaneedyoutopickit up . - What ?
M e ?
Wait for me to call I  'llcallyou .




- you can go - thank you - You  ' regoodtogo .
-   T h a n k   y o u .


Jimmy Hey , Jimmy .
Howard Howard .
So are you still thinking about the job S o . . . haveyouthoughtanymore about thejob?
The job Thejob .

Yeah Yeah.
Not yet . . . No , um . . .
I 'm still thinking about I 'm still giving it sometho ught.


'Still considering' 'Givingitsomethought' ?
Yes Yeah.
Did you know Youknowwhat ?
Don 't think about it anymore D on  ' tbother .
This proposal seems to piss you off I tseems I  ' veupsetyou .
So let 's just let it go S ooffer  ' soffthetable .

Makes me so angry Youupsetme ?
Why am I so angry How - - How  ' dyouupsetme ?
What do you say Yo outellme .


You are a little strange, Howard T hisisgettingalittlewe ird , Howard .
Do you know what 'weird' is? Youwanttoknowwhat  ' s ' We eird ' ?
You offered a man a job offer It  's ' We eird ' tooffera job to aman and in return that man threw bowling balls at your car and in return have bowlin gballs thrownatyourcar sent prostitutes to the restaurant during your work lunch and prostitutes senttoyourbusinesslun ch .
That 's what 's called 'strange' T hat  's 'Weird.'

What are you talking about A reyoulisteningtoyours elf ?

I don 't know what you 've been through these days Howard I don  ' tknowwhatyou  ' reintothesedays , Howard , but prostitutes and prostitutes and uh , bowlingballs ?
You sound a little weird U h . . . you sound unhinged .

Jimmy I am so sorry for your pain Jimmy , I  'msorryyou  ' reinpain .

Sorry You  ' resorry ?
Sorry You  ' resorry ?
You killed my brother and said to me that you are so sorry Youkillmybrother , andyousayyou  ' resorry .
Let me tell you Letmetellyousomething .
That job didn 't make me mad Thejoboffer--itdidn 'tupsetme.
Instead it made me feel funny I tamusedme .

A pivotal position in the prestigious HHM law firm Bigjobattheillustrious HHM .
Have a chance to walk on such a big stage Chancetoplayatthepalac e ?
With a little character like me, L il  'oleme ?
- I just thought - you have no idea what 's going on out there - I wastrying - You havenoideawhat  ' sgoingon .
You are a villain who only lives in his own little world You  ' reateensytinyman who only cares about himself inateensy - weensylittlebubble !
Jimmy Oh , Jimmy .
Stop fucking pity me O hh , don  ' tyofuckin  ' ' O h , Jimmy ' me .
What qualifications do you have to look down on me and pity me Y oulookdownonme ?!
Y o u   p i t y   m e ? !
Just walk away Howard Walkaway.
T h a t ' s   r i g h t ,   H o w a r d .
Do you know why I didn 't accept your job You ouknowwhy I didn  ' ttake the job ?
Because it 's too small  ' C auseit  ' stoosmall !
I don 't care about this kind of work I don 'tcareaboutit!
It 's not an It 'snothingtome to me!
Small enough to be small It  ' sabacterium !
The world I travel is so big that you can 't imagine I travelinworldsyoucan 'tevenimagine!
You can 't imagine my abilities You can 'tconceiveofwhat I 'mcapableof!
I have far surpassed you I  ' msofarbeyondyou !
I 'm a god in suits I 'mlikea Godinhumanclothing!
Lightningbolts shootfrommyfingertips!





