 00 : 00 : 01, 369 -- > 00 : 00 : 03, 337 NARRATOR :

 ( crying ) There , there , little Marvin . Let no more tears fall .
 We 're gonna see Mommy in no time at all .
 Hello there .
 I 'm sorry for all of the noise .
 It 's been a long day for the Eriksen boys . Uh ... what 's with the rhyming ?
 I 'm glad that you ask .
 To get my son sleeping is no easy task .


 Why , Marvin ...
 MARSHALL :
 ... these rhymes make you tired !
 And ever since then , all young Marvin 's required is one book of rhymes , and to dream land he goes . Now , what shall we read ?
 Oh , crap , I left his book in the car !
 ( crying )
 That blows .
 ( crying stops )
 Original Air Date on November 25 , 2013

 Oh , no , what a bummer ! What craptastic luck !
 Without Marvin 's rhyme book , this ride 's gonna suck !
 Does anyone here have some poetry maybe ?
 Or any advice ? Yeah !
 Don 't have a baby ! ( laughter )
 I guess if I don 't want young Marvin to wake up , the rhymes will just have to be ones that I make up .
 I 'll whip up some poetry in seconds flat !
 Oh , I know !
 This story 's called




 Professor ?

 Call me Ted .
 Oh . I don 't want to bother you .
 Please , have a seat .

 I 'm fairly new to teaching , and I 'm looking for advice .
 Every night I practice giving lectures , sometimes twice .
 But when I teach magnetic force , I just see eyeballs glazing .
 I asked around , and people say your lectures are amazing .
 Which is really saying something , because , architecture ? Yawn .
 TED :
 Go on .
 It 's just that you 're so skilled , and I 'm a relative beginner .
 If it isn 't too much trouble , can I take you out to dinner ?
 I 'd love to get some pointers , and I shouldn 't keep you late . What do you say ?
 What do I say ?
 Teddy Westside 's got a date !
 ALL : Hooray ! MARSHALL :

 Ted 's off the bench ! Our boy 's back in the game !
 Thank God , it 's been a hundred years since Mosby scored a dame .
 The last time he saw boobies was the screen- test scene in The last girl he dated ,
 I think " Righty " was her name . Hold it .
 Let 's not all go crazy
 like some wild berzerkers .
 What if this is just a business meal between co- workers ? MARSHALL :
 Oh , God , that could be true .
 How many times have I come home to find my balls are blue ?
 It all depends where Ted and his new fetching young Floridian are standing in relation to that puzzling meridian called " The International Date Line . "
 That 's right , new theory . " What 's that , " you ask ?
 Nobody did .
 I 'll now address your query !
 The date line is the border betwixt happiness and sorrow .
 On this side , you go home tonight .
 On this side , home tomorrow . MARSHALL :












 Hey , the Yankees game is on !
 Of baseball ...
 ... you seem to have some firsthand knowledge .
 I played softball in college .

 Now the age- old softball stereotype 's just that , and nothing more . Yeah !



 Yes !
 We win !

 This may sound kind of random , but there actually is a reason for my rabid Yankee fandom .
 I guess I 'll just be honest here , though crazy it may seem .
 My first week in New York , I dated someone on the team . Which player ?
 I 'm not saying . Please ?
 What are you , a reporter ?


 I might like the spaghetti marinara .

 TED :
 MARSHALL :
 I read this place has great chicken Milano .

 TED : I want something hearty .
 How about blackened miso cod ?
 TED :




 Just tell me which Yankee !

 I 'd rather not discuss this here .
 But then again , I 'd hate ... to let a silly secret ruin such a lovely date .
 an elephant in the room , why don 't we just remove it ? I dated Derek Jeter .
 Here 's a picture that 'll prove it . MARSHALL :

 See ?
 It worked . I said some rhymes , and out my boy did conk .
 Now let 's enjoy the ride .
 ( brakes screech )
 Move , jackass !
 ( honk ) ( crying )
 Okay , I need a brand- new tale to silence Marvin 's chatter . I don 't know , that last one had some sketchy subject matter .
 Forgive me , but before you got here , did you smoke a joint ?
 You don 't tell kids a tale that crass ! NARRATOR :

 I know , I said some things that were , as you say , kind of questionable .
 The truth is , children Marvin 's age aren 't really that impressionable .
 Do you remember anything from when you were this small ?
 Pumpkin picking at age three is the first thing I recall .
 Hmm . Huh . He won 't remember this .
 I guess it 's true .
 It better be .
 Or else we 'll end up paying through the nose for Marvin 's therapy .
 Okay , buddy , nice chat , but I think I need a break .
 Great idea . After this story !




 Kevin .
 No , Gael .
 Or Scooby ?
 Don ?

 MAN : Hey , Robin , how 's it going ?

 Um ...
 Rhyme .
 Uh ... thinking . Uh ... I 've just been handed a news flash .
 The word " Canada " is unrhymeable .
 It 's easier to -- I don 't know -- get drunk and try to climb a bull .
 But Canada , damn it , ask any man on the planet and watch their stammerin ' stamina as they clamor and cram it into the middle of a sentence for a shot at repentance , pass the problem on to all their non- rhyming descendants .
 I 've never met anyone who could clean up after Canada .
 Except my Uncle Tony from the Bronx . He 's a janitor .
 ( applause )
 Show- off .
 Simon . Nice to see you .
 So , what brings you to New York ? I live here now .
 What ? Really ? Yeah .
 That 's great .
 Can I get a fork ?

 MARSHALL :


 So great .

 Yup , I 'm engaged to Louise Marsh , and our pad 's got a Jacuzz !




 Our wedding cake is pretty bitchin ' , eh ?


 I did something bad .


 Robin , I 'm beside myself to see what you 've become !
 You must return this cake at once ! I can 't !
 Why not ? ' Cause ...
 Yum .


 Oh , God , this is delicious !




 I came as soon as I got word .
 So how bad is the damage ?
 See for yourself the product of her cake- in- gullet crammage !
 Half a cake ? What have I done ? !
 The world shall not forgive it !
 This day will live in infamy .
 I never shall outlive it !
 For I have become the girl that eats her feelings , don 't mistake it .
 I think I need to get out of this chair before I break it .
 Nonsense ! Hogwash ! Balderdash !

 You can 't stop now , for don 't you see ?
 To the uninformed observer , you 're not some sad cliché , some loser from a chick- lit story .
 You 're Robin , and you 're half a wedding cake away from glory !
 If you quit now , then Simon wins , the tale comes to a stop at how you saw an ex , freaked out , and robbed a pastry shop .
 If you have the guts , my dear , it 's time to get empowered and be remembered for this sweet behemoth you devoured .
 And years from now , the troubadour will raise his voice and sing of the time that Robin took the cake .
 And ate the whole ... damned ... thing . MARSHALL :





 Ooh , ooh , ooh ! Come on , Robin , finish it . Yeah .
 MARSHALL :

 Oh , my favorite . No , no , is with the Russians .
 No , the one where he talks weird because of his concussions .
 I think that 's all of them . Hey now , no need to be discordant .
 It 's
 No , No ,
 It 's really not important .

 ( crunch )
 Hey , this is like that scene from
 You know , ( Southern accent ) : " My boy can eat 50 eggs " Right ?
 She 's gonna puke .


 ( wild cheering , whooping )
 Wait .
 I 'm not done yet .

 I 've bested this here wedding cake .
 I 'll gladly wear that crown .
 But now that I have done that task it 's time to wash it down .
 For it 's been such an awesome night , there 's just one way to cap it .
 I 'm going to drink this entire keg .
 Okay , Barney , tap it .
 Oh !
 Wow . Hup .
 Ho- o , oh .
 but as the night we took her in to get her stomach pumped .
 MARSHALL :
 And look at that , the little angel 's sleeping soundly , Gus .
 Looks like our problems ... Pick a lane !
 ( honks horn , Marvin cries )
 I hate this stupid bus .
 Marvin , I 'm afraid this night is not much of a winner . Stuck in traffic , now we 've missed the whole rehearsal dinner .
 I pray that I was right and that you 'll have no memory of this godforsaken ride down the congested LlE .
 At least we know one thing for sure : things can 't get worse , I swear .
 Adios , truck stop burrito . Ooh !
 Do not go in there .
 Okay , one more story , and I 'll try to tell it pretty .
 The tale of Barney Stinson ,





 Boy- oy- oy- oing .

 Dude , she 's way out of your league .
 She 's not in Daisy Dukes , nor squeezed into a Hooters tee .
 And I don 't see a Curves membership dangling from her key .
 She has no glaring spray tan , no unicorn tattoos .
 She 's sipping Chardonnay , not pounding cherry- flavored booze .
 Her makeup isn 't running , she 's not playing with her hair .
 There 's very little chance she 'll let you put it anywhere .
 Your challenge is accepted , Lil .
 There is no girl too pretty , for I am Barney Stinson ,
 Player King of New York City . You can 't anoint yourself the king , just like that jerk , LeBron .
 He left the Cavs three years ago . Bro , give it up , move on .
 So why am I king ?
 Glad you asked .
 We didn 't .
 Never do .
 It 's origin story time .
 And trust me , every word is true .



 Is this important to the story ? No , just thought I 'd mention it .

 Where the hell am I ?

 The East Side . No .
 Wh- What have I done ?


 You Barney ? Yeah .
 Get in . ( sighs )
 Is any of this true ?
 Of course .
 Now , hang on to your " chayers . "
 For that day I was called before ...
 Gentlemen , for your attendance here , our deepest thanks .
 I 'm sad to say , this council has a poacher in its ranks .
 For Barney here picked up a girl outside his territory .
 The East Side is Tuxedo Charlie 's turf . He 's mad .
 True story .
 The Agreement of 2004 quite clearly did define
 Fifth Avenue to be our hunting grounds ' dividing line . Your West Side college girls are not the slip I park my boat in .
 So you should know my East Side debutantes are quite verboten .
 ( sighs ) Members of the council ...
 Bros ... nobody wants a war .
 Of course I 've not forgotten the agreement of '04 .
 What can I say ? A bonehead move . Defend it ?
 I 'm not able .
 But , bros , have I not been a bro to each bro at this table ?
 My friend from Brooklyn , Pickle Jar Bob , will give some validation .
 Remember that young tourist who was looking for Penn Station ?
 She 'd just come in from Boston , had a wicked good- in- bed look .
 I gave her bad directions and she ended up in Red Hook .
 Shut up , Barney . Whoa , Bronx Donnie ,
 let 's not get excited .
 Tuxedo Charlie 's not the only one here who 's been slighted .
 You told her you were Jeter in your quest to lie upon her .
 Impersonating Yankees is my thing .
 Have you no honor ?
 Gentlemen , please , let 's not blow this détente to smithereens .
 Council recognizes Captain Bill , our bro from Queens .
 Thank you . You all know me , and you all respect my game .

 I dress up like a pilot and meet girls in baggage claim .
 And on my long- ass subway ride from 61st and Woodside ,
 I came up with a plan to keep you each other 's good side .
 Barney , you have wronged these two .
 So , for the game they 're losing , you now must grant them each a West Side hottie of their choosing .
 You 're kidding . That 's the settlement ?
 Come on , that 's rather silly . Gentlemen , what say you ?
 I want Robin .
 I want Lily . Please .
 Bronx Donnie ?
 No chance he could get me in the sack .
 Tell that Mafioso I know something he can whack .
 Ladies , don 't you worry , your fair legs can all stay closed .
 ' Cause luckily they took the counteroffer I proposed .
 Well , gentlemen , it seems there 's nothing I can say to sway you .
 Charlie , Donnie , say no more , I gladly will repay you .
 Carlotta , some champagne .
 Let 's toast before we all adjourn .
 To boobies .
 Oh , and B- T- dub , y 'all just drank poison .
 Ha- burn . ( gags )
 ( maniacal laugh )
 And thus , my friends , I have become , through methods somewhat gory the Player King of New York City .
 Boom . The end .
 True story .
 Well , that was great . Your little story tickled all our ribs .
 But one mistake you made , sir , was forgetting to call dibs .
 ( gasps ) BARNEY : No !
 Not fair .
 But I 'm the king . And such a better dresser .
 TED :
 Sorry , dude , but that 's revenge for Lisa the professor .
 ( chuckles ) ( giggles ) Let 's have another round . Yes .
 MARSHALL :





 Feels like a lifetime since those days .
 ( loud bump ) BUS DRlVER :
 Sorry , folks , flat tire .
 ( Marvin cries ) Oh , come on . Now I 'm never gonna make it to Nantucket .
 ( Marvin continues wailing )
 ( explosions )
 Oh , look a fireworks display .
 Some rockets red glare action . Thank God .
 Thought my glaucoma drops were causing a reaction .
 Marvin , I 'm so sorry this whole journey 's been a bummer .
 Soon you 'll be right back in Mommy 's arms , as warm as summer .
 But sadly while your troubles stop once we get to the inn the moment we arrive is when my troubles will begin .
 Sometimes daddies screw up , sometimes mommies get upset .
 I really hope this weekend is a memory you 'll forget .
 So look up at those fireworks , enjoy the falling embers ...

 NARRATOR :
 Gentlemen and ladies , it 'll be an hour or so ... ( groans ) before the truck gets here to give our broken bus a tow .
 So in the meantime I suggest we all get nice and cozy .
 We 're gonna be here for a while .
 Uh , ring- around- the- rosy ?
 Yeah ! How far do you suppose it is to the Farhampton Inn ?
 I 'd say about five miles away . Oh , no .
 What 's with the grin ? NARRATOR :


 I can walk that far .




