0 0 : 0 0 : 0 0 , 0 0 0 - - &gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 0 3 , 3 1 0 Previouslyon AMC  ' s ' Better Call S aul ' . . . you just pleaded guilty to a felony, you know you justcon fessedtoafelony ?
You ruined our home Forthis, youdestroyedourfamily just for this?
Are you satisfied now Youhappynow ? !
- Jimmy- what are you going to do - Jimmy!
-   W h a t   a r e   y o u   g o n n a   d o ?
He trapped me in He 'sgotmeboxedin.
You can give it a go Youcanfightthis .
I regret it so much that you can 't imagine it at all I regretitall , more thanyoucanimagine ,
because you are my brother  ' causeyou  ' remybrother .
I will submit a request for suppression of the recording I 'mfilingamotiontosuppr essthattape .
Leaving aside the Motionsaside motion that the tape would be played, that tape will beplayed.
How about Well?
Guess B ingo.
Translate Scarlett Lay and other grades Chris Floss
Translate October joy _ bwl E unice eat popsicles
Proofreading Mumbling Chris
Time axis remember Jinren Xulangying
Post Crayon Shin-chan 's eyebrows
The director murmured to find a phone Foundaphone !
Looks like something from the sixties but should work I tlookslikeit  ' sfrom 1 9 6 7 , but I thinkit  ' llwork .
Wait a minute Jimmy Justasec , Jimmy .
Thank you so much for being so careful Excellent .
T h a n k   y o u   f o r   b e i n g   s o   c a r e f u l .
Predecessor S ir.
- we have to go into your attic - why - we havetogetinyourattic .
-   F o r   w h a t ?
Wiring O h , thehook - up .
No, it doesn 't matter. Oh, no.
T h a t ' s   a l l   r i g h t .
D o n ' t   b o t h e r .
Oh , itwon  ' ttake 2 0 minutes .
You can 't use Plus if you don 't install it, youreally can  ' tuseitif I don  ' tdoit .
No , it  ' sallright , we won 't use it.
W e ' r e   n o t   g o n n a .
U h , when you  ' redonehere , can you put some more lights in the garage after you get it done here wouldyougetsomemorela mpsinthegarage ?
Thank you Thanks .
- We found a phone - yes - S o , wegotaphone .
-   Y e a h .
The yard 's grass is mowed. Theyard  ' shalf - mowed .
The sockets and stuff are all right U h , the socketsandstuffare lookinga - ok .
I 'll double check to make sure I 'mgonnacheckagainjustt omakesure.
Almost finished We  ' realmostthere .
Good Good.
G o o d .
What do you think U m , whatdoyouthink ?
Put on or take off On ?
O f f ?
Take it off I think . . . off .
You 're right then pick Yeah .
Y o u ' r e   r i g h t .   O f f   i t   i s .
Chuck Chuck .
Are you sure you 're doing it right? Yousurethisistherightplay ?
According to my experience I mean , inmyexperience , the bigger the lie, the bigger the cost of being discovered, the biggerthelie, the harderit can betodig out.
I 'll crossthatbridgewhen I cometoit. Original translation with bilingual subtitles
Please visit www . YY e T s . com for the latest serial overseas movies and TV dramas. For exchange and learning only, commercial profit is prohibited. Hey, guys, thinkwe  ' resetwiththelamps.
Can you help me with this phone thanks U h , couldsomeonegivemeaha ndwiththisphone ?
G r a c i a s .

The door is open. It 's open!
Rebecca Rebecca.
- Chuck- You look so beautiful- C huck .
- You looklovely .
- Nice to meet you- Me too- O h , it  ' ssogoodtoseeyou .
-   A n d   y o u .
Hey , what  ' swiththecandles ?
Why don 't you sit in the dark W hyyousittin  ' hereinthedark ?
I 'm also surprised Ye , I waswonderingthesameth ing .
Oh my God this afternoon Oh , my God , theafternoon I  ' vehad .
Two hours ago I took out the bass Twohoursago , I taketheseabassout .
I just packed it up and put it there No osoonerisitpreppedand resting and then suddenly the power went out than - - boom ! - - powergoesdown .
I called the city I getonthephonetothecit y .
Long story short T omakealongstoryshort , those public service idiots mixed up my electricity bill thosebozosat PNM mixedupmypayment .
T hedeadbeatat 5 1 2 San C ristobal , 5 1 2 rue San Cristobal , hasn  ' tbeenpayinghisbills .
Of course I am . . . A nd , ofcourse , I  'm . . .
- 2 1 5 - That 's right 2 1 5 - 2 1 5 .
-   2 1 5 ,   e x a c t l y .
They said they would call Theysaythey  ' llhaveitonagainbytomo rrow before tomorrow .
At the same time I borrowed some camping gear from the neighbors Inthemeantime, I borrowed some campingge arfrommyneighbors.
That 's why it got such a rustic atmosphere. H ence , therusticflair .
- Omg- yeah- Jeez.
- O h , yeah . So what do we do S o , whatdowedo ?
U h , getoutofhereandgotoar estaurant ?
Let 's go eat at Four Seasons Restaurant. You treat We couldhit Seasons.
Y o u r   t r e a t .
That 's fine too. We should , yeah .
But dinner is almost ready But , um , youknow , dinner  ' saltmostready .
And if you don 't eat the fish, you can only throw it A ndthefish - - I wouldhavejusthadtothr owitout .
I just need to put it in the pot A ll I havetodoistossitinapa n .
Why don 't we make do with Howaboutwejustroughit?
Do you agree Youokaywiththat ?

why not it would be interesting Well . . . whynot ?
I t ' l l   b e   f u n .
We can have a haute cuisine camp We  'lldoanhaute - cuisinecamp - out .
That 's great, then it 's settled. I 'll help you get your coat. Great!
T h e n   i t ' s   s e t t l e d .   L e t   m e   t a k e   t h a t .
- take off your coat - good for - Takeyour . . . - O h , yeah , here .
- I take the bag - thank you - Here , I  ' lltakethat .
-   O h ,   t h a n k   y o u .


Oh my God, my God.
I can 't get enough of I can ' teatanotherbite in one bite.
Cheers to the foodie Cheersto the Galloping G ourmet .

Good Yeah .

Apple brandy is so good. The C alvadosisperfect .
Youalwayslikedit that you 've always loved.
Come on Here.
Let me come Letmegetthis.
No Jimmy don 't bother you No , no , Jimmy . Youdon  ' thaveto .
No o , least I candoisthedishes .

Thank you Thankyou .
Thanks Jimmy T hanks , Jimmy .
It turned out to be better than I expected. T histurnedoutbetterthan I thought .
I 'm sorry about the power outage U h , I  ' mso . . . sorry about thelights .
Very good atmosphere Oh , it  ' snice .
A t m o s p h e r i c .
I can 't get over Jimmy being a lawyer I mean , I still can  ' tgetover Jimmybeingalawyer .
I am also N eithercan I .
He can stand on his own. He  ' sgothisownshingleouta ndeverything .
He can be a real responsible citizen I mean , areal , responsiblecitizen .
Who would have thought of this day I mean , whowouldathought ?
Yeah Yeah.

The same is true for this place T hisplaceisthesame .
I would have thought you would I mean , I - I would  ' vethoughtyou  'd change things up with new furniture.
Move the device Movingsaround .
You have great taste if it ain 't broke You  ' vegotgreattaste .
A n d   i f   i t   a i n ' t   b r o k e . . .
How is the tour How  ' sthetourgoing ?
Very good very good I t  ' sgood .
G o o d .
Go to the Far East U m , the F ar E astthisfall this fall.
China Korea Vietnam U h , China , South Korea , and Vietnam .
- That must be exciting - yeah - T hat  ' sgonnabeexciting .
- Y eah . A ndthen , um , after Santa Fe thisweek ,
We go back to Central E urope , we  ' reback to Central E urope .
Is it fun? A ndit  ' sgood ?
- There are a lot of hotels - yeah - Well , it  ' salotofhotels .
-   Y e a h .
In Budapest I saw mostly I mean , in Budapest , I think I saw mostly the inside of the Opera Hall and the inside of the concert hall and the Marriott Hotel.
But I shouldn 't complain But , youknow , I shouldn  ' tcomplain .
You are not complaining but observing You  ' renotcomplaining .
Y o u ' r e   o b s e r v i n g .
Did you finally see Salzburg D idyou finally gettosee Salzburg ?
No otyet , butnextmonth , after Vienna .
Do you remember when we wanted to go to Salzburg Doyourememberwhenwetri edtogoto S alzburg ?
That crazy old woman on a scooter A ndthatcrazyoldladyont hescooter . . .
- remember to remember - kick us out of the train station - O h , yes !
Y e s !   -   ‭ . . . c h a s e d   u s   o u t   o f   t h e   t r a i n   s t a t i o n .
Yeah Yeah!
Then we had the raspberry Linz cake itwasa - a - araspberry L inzertortein I nnsbruck at Innsbruck A ndthen , um - - A ndthenwewentandgot , uh ?
To put us in a good mood Tomakeourselvesfeelbet ter ?
You say 'We can 't eat all that much' Youaid, 'We  ' llneverfinishthis !'
In the end we finished eating A ndthenwedid .
So after going to Asia, do you want to travel in China? So, what  ' safter Asia ?
A n y   p l a n s   f o r   a   s t a t e s i d e   t o u r ?
Hope to have a chance next year Oh, youknow, hopefully nextyear.
Maybe it would be great to buy a house Youknow , maybearesidency .
O h ,   t h a t   w o u l d   b e   s w e e t .
I like coaches I mean , youknow , I like thebuses trains and planes
I really miss having a home and having a place to hang my hat I misshavingone - - oneplacetohangmyhat .
Oh God Oh , God !
Sorry I hate that thing I 'm sorry.
I - I - I   h a t e   t h a t   t h i n g .
Feel like I 'm chained I feellike I  ' monaleash .

Sorry I 'm sorry.

is my conductor I t  ' smyconductor .
I have to answer this call sorry U m , I havetotakethis .
I ' m   s o r r y .
Hello Andre H-hi, A ndre .
No, what 's wrong with me eating No, I 'mjustatdinner.
W h a t ' s   u p ?
I can try Well, I candothatatrehearsal when I rehearse.
No problem Yeah, noproblem.
Y e a h .
No I know they were slow in bar 16 No o , I - I know thatthey  ' returninginlateonbar 1 6 .
Yes got it Y - Y eah .
G o t   i t .
G o t   i t .
I will make sure that . . . I will make sure that - -
Can you wait a moment U h , c - c - canyouholdonasecond ?
I went to get a pen, L etmejustgetapen .

right . . .
Y e a h .   N o ,   I - I . . .
Wait for me Yeah, holdononesecond.
Yes, no problem, you have the final say Y eah , I candoit - - I mean , whateveryouneed .
Good Mm-hmm.
OK .
Alright, let 's talk A llright , shoot .
Good Okay . . .
Chuck Chuck ?
I 'm fine I 'mallright.
Do you want me to rehearse the cello part separately Well , doyouwantmetorehearse thecellistsseparately ?
Rebecca Rebecca R ebecca .
R e b e c c a .
It 's not just his whole band that has problems Well, no, it ' snotjusthim.
I t ' s   t h e   w h o l e   s e c t i o n .
Rebecca Rebecca !
No U h, no.
Nevermind T-T hat 'sfine.
to Yeah .
What the hell is Chuck doing?!
Andre Andre ?
I have to call you later I-I-I haveto--I 'llhavetocallyouback.
Sorry I 'm sorry.
What 's wrong with you Whatisyourproblem ?
Say something Say something .
I tisincredibly badmanne rs to answer the phone regardless of the people I 'm dining with would be so rude to answeracellphoneinc ompany .
Too rude. I t  ' sveryrude .
Sorry Uh, I-I 'msorry.
I didn 't know you would think that way I - I didn  ' tknowthatyoufeltthatw ay .
I didn 't mean to offend you Chuck I . . . didn  ' tmeantooffendyou , Chuck .
I may have overreacted I - I may have overreacted.
I 'm too abrupt T hatwasveryabrupt .
No No o .
I understand I understand .

It 's getting late I t  ' sgettinglate .
Thank you for your hospitality T hankyouforalovelydinn er , but I should begetting back to the hotel .
wait for me we . . . Justgimmeaminute , andwecan - -
No, I 'll take a taxi. No o .
U h ,   u m ,   I ' l l   j u s t   g e t   a   c a b .
- I don 't want to bother you any more - let me go - I don  ' twanttoputyououtanymo re .
-   P l e a s e ,   l e t   m e .
No need No , really .
I just take a taxi. A cabistheeasiest .
You gotta do something Yougottadosomethin ' .
You can 't let her go like this Y - Y oucan  ' tletherleave like this .
Tell her what 's going on Justtellher what  ' sgoingon . No No No No .
No.
She 'll understand she 'll understand.
Would you rather make her think you 're a cranky bastard S he  ' ll - - W ouldyourathershethink you  ' rearagingprick than tell the truth thanknowthetruth ?

No No o .
If you don 't say I 'll tell her Look, ifyouwon  ' ttellher, then I will.
No no no No , no .
No !
You are not allowed to tell her Youwillnottellher .
You mustn 't tell her You . . . willnottellher .
Well A llright .
Andre I 'm so sorry Hi , Andre .
Y e s ,   I ' m   s o r r y   a b o u t   t h a t .
I dropped the phone I dropped the phone . Breaking Lawyer Season 3 Episode 5

God what are you doing mate Jesus .
W h a t ' r e   y o u   d o i n g ,   m a n ?
The bag is almost out of oxygen T here  ' sbarelyanyoxygenintha tbag .
- You 're suffocating her - 'she' - You  ' resuffocatingher !
- 'H er ' ? Y eah , just because you don 't see the little dicks floating around doesn 't mean you can 't tell its gender doesn  ' tmeanyoucan  ' ttellaboyfishfromagir lfish .

Got it Oh , yeah , see . Now I can see the lipstick when I see it.
This is a life not a piece of furniture T hisisalivingcreature .
I t ' s   n o t   a   p i e c e   o f   f u r n i t u r e .
After our meeting you take her back to S o , afterthis , youtakeherhome . Put her in a big fish tank at least a gallon of the kind Youputherinabigbowl , atleastagallon .
Get a good ventilation valve and put a scavenger Getagoodbubbler , maybeaplecostomus .
Don 't feed her too much A nddon  ' tfeedhertoomuch .
People will get fat P eoplegetfat . Fish will drown in the leftovers Fish , theydrowninleftoverfood .
Alright alright oceanographers A llrightalready , J acques Cousteau .
I understand Pointmade . That would be Good .
I guess our friend asked you to come to me I  ' mguessingourfrienddid n  ' treferyoutome not for fish farming advice togetichthyologicalad vice .
I 'm looking for someone who can do things flexibly I 'mlookingforsomeonewit halighttouch .
I 'm not talking about the kind in supermarket chains I 'mnottalkingsometeenag ertakingafive - fingerdiscount
I need highly skilled, high-end, discreet.
A real pro .
Would you also put him in a small space Yougottafithiminatight space ?
Shouldn 't I don  ' tthinkso .
Then I know the person you 're looking for I gotjusttheguy , then .
So I say golfing can make a lot of people T hat  ' swhy I saygolfingisacontacts port .
Well done Miss Wexler is really inspiring Greatjob , M s.
W exler . V eryrefreshing . trust me we are glad this case did not go to trial B elieveme , uh , we  ' rehappytogetthisoneof fthedocket .
That 's also not our pleasure. N otasappyasweare .
Well done A gain , greatjob .
Thank you thank you sir T hankyou .
T h a n k   y o u ,   s i r .
Ladies dinner I treat Ladies , dinner  ' sonme .
Kim we knew you were great but didn 't know you were so great Kim , I knewyouweregood , but I didn  ' tknowyouwerethisgood .
I am glad you are satisfied Oh , I  ' mgladyou  ' rehappy .
We couldn 't have succeeded without you We couldn ' thavedoneitwithoutyou.
Hope you understand A nd I hopeyourealize It means there is a lot of work waiting for you in the future thismeansawholelotawo rkcomin  ' yourway .
That 's great Oh , that  ' s - - that  ' sgreat .
It doesn 't sound like great Well, youdon  ' tsoundlikeit  ' sgreat .
I don 't want to be a spoiler I hatetobeabuzzkill , but there is something before we collaborate further butthereissomethingyo uneedtohear
I have to tell you beforewegetanydeeperin. about your former lawyers, Charles McGill, It 's about yourformerattorney, Charles McGill.

What 's wrong with him Whatabouthim ? Charles has made some very serious charges against his brother Jimmy Charleshasbeenmaking someveryuglyallegatio nsabouthisbrother , Jimmy ,
And I happen to be in the same office as Jimmy withwhom I happen to shareanoffice space. Allegations about what?
O f   w h a t ?
Charles thinks that Jimmy thinks that Jimmy is somehowtookcontrolofy ourdocuments
Got your file whilehewasworkingonth emathishome . He thinks jimmy shifted the numbers Hebelieves Jimmytransposedtheaddr essnumbers .
Transposed the numbers ?
How could he possibly do Howwouldheevendothat?
Charles claims that Jimmy took Charlescontendsthat Jimmytookthedocuments pertainingtotheRosellabranch while he was ill, while Charleswasindisposed,
Photocopied and doctored them photocopiedanddoctore dthem. It 's too whimsical T hat ' sprettybaroque.
The important thing here is that I think this thing might get the attention of public opinion is I thinkitcouldmakesomen oiseinpublic.

Soon Soon .
I want to tell you about it without any concealment. I wantedtotellyouthisin thespiritoffulldisclo sure. You 'd better know it from me.I thoughtitwasbetterify ouhearditfromme.
If you have any concerns I fyouhaveanyreservatio nsatthispoint or feel uncomfortable working with me orifyouarenotcomforta blestayingwithme, we can discuss what to do next wecandiscussoptions.
To say that there is something I can 't stand I fthere  ' sonething I cannotabide , is that a man can 't take his own fault it  ' samanwhowon  ' townuptohismistakes .
No matter what McGill is up to now, whatevermud McGillisslinginghe  ' snotgonna made me give up the best lawyer I 've ever seen screwmeoutofthebestou tsidecounsel I  'veeverhad .
This. . .
T h a t ' s . . .
I 'm so happy I 'msogladtohearthat. We thank you for reminding us Weappreciatetheheads-up,
But you can stop worrying about it but you can call this baby puttobed ​​.
Back to the topic of dinnerN owthemostimportantthi ng - - dinner .
Is seven o 'clock ok 7 : 0 0 goodforyou ?
- I 'm fine - great - U h , worksforme .
-   G r e a t .
We discuss the next strategy We  'lltalkstrategy - - First in Colorado or first in Utah Wemoveon Coloradoor U tahfirst ?
Seeyaat 7:00 at seven o 'clock.
McGill Thing T his Mc G illthing .
Are you sure it 's ok You  ' resureit  ' snotgonnabeaproblem ?
I am sure I am .
Absolutely will not involve Mesa Verdeisn  ' tinvolvedinanyway , shape , orform .
That 's good Okay .
G ood . Then I met Then at night , I  ' llseeyoutonight .
Good evening see O kay , great .
S e e   y o u   t h e n .
Export
Well that 's it. O kay , thisisit .
We can turn off all lights and microphones We can run without lights and ndmics .
We 'llcollectallcellphones during your testimony
Collect and save cell phones in one place and hold them forthedura tion of your testimony . Could the clerk of the court The , uh , courtreporter , would it be possible to stay a little farther from the witness stand?
ok we can U m , yeah , I thinkwecanarrange have them in the back of the court havingthem in the back of the court .

Sorry this exit sign 's lights are only reserved for I 'msorry.
T h e r e ' s   n o t h i n g   I   c a n   d o   a b o u t   t h e   e x i t   s i g n s .
This is prescribed I t 'scode. Thanks for all you do I appreciateallyyou ' redoing.
Thank you Thankyou .
can mr allie leave us alone for a while mr .
A l l e y ,   I   w o n d e r   i f   y o u ' d   g i v e   u s   a   m o m e n t .
I want to discuss something with my colleague I  ' dliketogooversomethin gwithmycolleague .
No problem I 'll be waiting for you outside. No oproblem. I 'llbeoutsidewhenyou 'reready.
Howard Howard ?
How are you feeling Chuck Howyoufeeling , Chuck ?
I can cope with the past I 'llmuddlethrough.
Because there are so many questions to ask B ecausethisisalottoask . If you can 't keep going A ndifyou  ' renotuptoit - - justthrowingthisoutth ere - -
then it 's better not to testify maybebeyoudon  ' tneedtotestifyatall .
No I 'm coming No, I do. I 'm the only one who can explain I 'mtheonlypersonwhocana dequatelyexplain
What 's up with that tape is the context of thattape. Otherwise the defense will misrepresent the facts O therwise, the defense ' lltearittoshreds.
The case is already settled on It 's salreadya solidcase.
We have the statement from the Pre-P rosecution D iversion .
There is testimony from me and the private investigator T here  ' smytestimonyand thepri vateeye  ' s .
Maybe you don 't have to come here to suffer this sin Maybethere  ' snoneedtoputyouthroug hthewringerlikethis .
It 's not about me or my physical health. T hisisn ' taboutmeormyhealth.
The focus is on PR T hisisabout PR.
We lost a client We elostaclient .
The reason is that you are incapacitated T hathappenedbecause , while you were . . . incapacitated , so that your brother got yourbrotheraccesseddo cuments that should havebeensec uredat HHM .
What Jimmy is doing is really outrageous What Jimmydid isunconscionable, yes . . . but one of my jobs is upholding the company 's reputation butoneofmyjobsistoaf eguardthefirm 'sreputation.
Now is not the time to worry about reputation T hisisnotthetimetoworr yabouthowwelook.
What we are facing is the big question of right and wrong. T hisisaboutwhat  ' srightandwhat  ' swrong .
I don 't want Jimmy I 'mnotgonnarisk Jimmygetting, what?
Just banned from practicing for a year or two A year  ' ssuspension ?
Maybetwo ? He should be disbarred instead of slightly reprimanded Hedeservesdisbarment , notsomeslaponthewrist .

No Howard is the only way to choose No , Howard . T here  ' onlyonewayforward .
Even if the sky falls, let 's count Letjusticebedone, thoughtheheavensfall.
Sorry for the long wait, very well arranged S orrytokeepyouwaiting.
T his  ' lldonicely . Please convey to the Committee my thanks P leaseextendmythanksto the C ommitteefortheirflexi bility .

Good morning I 'm Robert Alley Goodmorning of the State Bar.
I 'm Robert Alley for the State Bar. Inthematter of James M. McGill, in the case of Mr. James M. McGill,
The State Bar Association intends to certify that it violated the following the State Barintendstoprovethefo lllowingviolations Code of Ethics of the Ethical Code. 16 Article 102 Section 16 - 1 0 2 - -
engaging in conductalaw yerknowsiscriminal in what lawyers know is a crime
is a criminal act wascriminalbehavior . 1 6 Article 8 0 4 Paragraph 1 6 - 8 0 4 - - As a lawyer its criminal act committingacriminalac tthatreflectsadversel y
has an adverse effect on the lawyer 's honesty and trustworthiness on thelawyer  ' shonestyortrustworthi nessasalawyer . Any reasonable person would agree that A nyreasonable personwou ldagree attacking another lawyer in his home thatassaultinganother lawyerinhisownhome
Had a bad influence on mr mcgill 's lawyer status reflectsbadlyon m r .
McGill 'sfitnessasanattorney.16Article 30416-304-- unlawfully altering, destroying, destroying,
or concealing material with potential evidentiary value
Destroyed a cassette tape anddestroyedanaudioca ssette
which contains a passage of him and his brother which contained arecord ingofaconversation
A recording of a conversation between Charles McGill between himself and his b rother , Charles McGill . We will illustrate this recording Wewillshowthatthisreco rdingwasevidence
is the evidence of an ongoing case inanongoinglegalcase. The State Bar considers The State Barbelievesthat, once we have presented the efacts,
The Committee will agree to the C ommitteewillagreethat disbarment
Dismissal of James McGill iswarranted for James McGill.
謝 謝   T h a n k   y o u   v e r y   m u c h .
Thank you Mr. Alley Thankyou , Mr. Alley .
Ms. Wexler M s.
W e x l e r ?
Thank you Mr. Chairman Thankyou , Mr .
C h a i r m a n .
Good morning G oodmorning. I 'm Kim Wexler James McGill co-defense counsel I 'm Kim Wexler, co-counselwith James McGill, forthedefense.
You have all read Mr. McGill 's pre-trial transfer statement You  ' vealreadyread Mr r.
Mc G ill  ' s Pre - P rosecution S tatement . We don 't doubt Weedon  ' tdisputehebrokeintohi sbrother  ' shouse of breaking into his brother 's house, and he regrets it anacthegrets . . . deeply .
But there is another side to this story Butthereisanothersidet othisstory.
No nenotaboutcalculation and ill-intentioned orillintent, It 's about two brothers butabouttwobrothers,
Their relationship after years of entanglement whorelationship , afteryearsofstrain ,
finally break finallybroke .
We believe we eblieve that , after you have the complete te picture , you will understand James McGill you  ' llunderstand James Mc G illisanasset
Is an indispensable member of the legal community. He should remain a full member of the association. A ndheshouldremainafull memberofitingoodstand ing.

Thank you Thankyou .
Thank you Ms. Wexler T hankyou , M s .
W e x l e r .
Okay if you are ready. . . O kay , if , uh , everyone  ' sreadytobegintestimon y . . .

Mr. Allie called your witness Mr. r.
A l l e y ,   c a l l   y o u r   w i t n e s s .
Bang Bang Bang Bang ! Bang !
B ang ! Then he kicked the door T henhekickeddownthedoo r .
Jimmy was so excited that he kept yelling Jimmywasveryagitated.
He ewasshouting . He demanded that Charles He demanded Charles turnover

- hand over the evidence he collected - objection - theevidencehe  ' dbeencollecting - - - Objection .
We have not confirmed that the tapes are evidence We haven  ' t established thetapeis evidenceofanything .
The defence only admitted that it was a property Thedefensehasonlyackno wledgeditasapieceofproperty.
Please let me rephrase Allowmetorephrase. Jimmy demanded that Charles hand over a tape belonging to him Jimmydemandedanaudioca ssettein Charles ' possession, then which Jimmyproceeded,
He replaces the implementation with a poker with the helpofanironfi,
Pryed open Charles ' desk topry from Charles  ' desk . Then he destroyed the tapes He ethenbrokethecassette intopieces
instead confronted his brother andwentontoconfronthi sbrother.
What happened after the defendant destroyed the tape What hathappened after thede fendants mashed thistap e ?
Mr Brightbill and I Mr r . B rightbilland I - -
Is that a private investigator hired by Charles T hat  ' stheprivateinvestigat or that Charleshired ?
Yes T hat 's correct. We think Jimmy may have attacked his brother Head I were concerned that J immymightstrikehisbro ther.

All we involved Sothat 'swhenwesteppedin.
- Thank you Mr Hamlin - You 're welcome - Thankyou , Mr .
H amlin . Certainly . I have no problem with Nothingfurtheratthisti me .
Ms. Wexler M s.
W exler ? Thank you Mr. Chairman Thankyou , Mr .
C h a i r m a n .
You said you knew my client for a while You  'veknownmyclientforsom etime .
How longexactly how long?
N early 10 years .
How did you meet his Howdidyoucometoknowhim ?
His brother asked me to hire him to work in the company mailroom H isbrotheraskedtohireh iminthemailroomatourf irm .
- Then you hired - Yes - An ndyoudid . - Yes . What kind of man did you think he was Whatwasyouropinionofhi mthen ?
I think I thought he was a very positive guy hehadalotof get - up - and - go .

Working very hard Hewasahardworker .
Did you even give him a nickname? You ouhadanicknameforhim , didn  ' tyou ?
'Charlie the Liar' 'Charlie Hustle.'
'Charlie the Liar' 'Charlie Hustle.'
How  'dyoufeelwhenyoufoundo uthe ' dbecomealawyer when you found out he became a lawyer?
Surprised S urprised . He himself graduated from law school He  ' dputhimselfthroughlaw school
Passed the bar exam without telling any partners and took the B arexamwithouttellinga nyofthepartners.
Even Charles E ven Charles . He works in your mailroom H ebootstrappedhiswayin toalawdegree
Also took a law degree alone while workinginyourai lroom .
Have you thought about hiring him as a lawyer Did youconsidertakinghi monasanassociate ?
Some W edid .
But not long B riefly .
You don 't seem to hire him why Sounds like youdidn ' thirehim.
W hynot ? He works so hardWiththatkindofgrit .
To avoid the appearance of nepotism toavoidtheappearanceo fnepotism. We think hiring Jimmy may be detrimental to moralityW efelthiringJ immymightdamagemorale.

Nepotism Nepotism.
You are called 'Hamlin McGill Associates' right? Yourfirmis ' Hamlin , Hamlin , and Mc G ill , ' Right ?
Who  ' stheother Hamlin ?

my father M yfather .
Which partner is most concerned with nepotism Which partner was the most concerned with nepotism ?
Charles McGill Charles McGill.
So it was Jimmy 's own brother who blocked him S o Jimmy  'sownbrotherblockedhim .
Objection to Objection.H owarethehiringpractic esof Hamlin , Hamlin , Mc G ill
What is the relation to this case relevanthere ? Helps to understand the relationship between their brothers It  ' srelevant to understand the relationship betwee nthesebrothers
You can ask Ms. Wexler We  ' ll , uh , giveyousomeleeway , M s .
W exler , but don 't stray too far butdon  ' tstraytoofar .
Charles McGill is not the subject of this hearing. Charles McGill is not the subject of his hearing.
Thank you T hankyou . Jimmy knew his brother was D id Jimyknowhisbrotherwas theone
stop you from hiring him that prevented you fromh iringhim ?
He doesn 't know No .
H e   d i d   n o t .
He ended up at E ventually , hewashired by the firm of Davis &amp; Main .
I 'd be happy to add one more if you want I 'dbehappytosaymoreabou tthat, ifyou 'dlike.
No thanks No o .
T h a n k   y o u .
When Charles  ' conditionappeared ,
Jimmytookcareofhim , didn  ' the ?
Yes I believeo . Jimmy is trying to build his own lawyer business Jimmywasstrugglingtobu ildhissololawpractice , but he has been unmoving andyet , everysingleday , withoutfail ,
Bring food and daily necessities for his brother hebroughthisbrotherfo od , supplies - -
Even his favorite newspaper is evenhisfavoritenewspa pers.
I s n ' t   t h a t   r i g h t ?
Yes H edid . Can you talk about Charles  ' leaveofabsence ?

You know I can 't Youknow I can  ' t .
Yes family and medical leave details are confidential I twasan FMLA leave .
A n y t h i n g   m o r e   i s   c o n f i d e n t i a l .
But you can be sure it 's a mental illness, right? Butyoucanconfirmitwasd uetomentalillness, correct?
Objecting to Charles McGill 's mental health is out of the scope of the Objection!
Charles McG ill  ' smentalhealthisn  ' tatissue . This is a smearing of the Bar Association 's inferior witnesses T hisisasmear jobon the S tate B ar  ' supcomingwitness - -
That 's it nothingmore.
This is not the eligibility hearing Ms. Wexler T hisisnotacompetency he aring , M s. W exler .
Mr Hamlin is not a psychiatrist Mr r. Hamlinisnotapsychiatri cprofessional . You have more experience with him D oyouhaveanyquestionst hatwouldbemoregermane
More relevant questions tohisexperience ?
No No o .
I have no more questions I havenothingfurther .
Please leave the witnesses. Thewitnessisexcused.
Now the Bar Association A tthistime , the State B arwouldlike
I want to show Exhibit No. 5 toenter E xhibit F iveintoevidence .
We ask for a recording of Charles McGill We easkthat Charles McGill 'srecordingbeplayed.
With all due respect I reiterate my objection I  ' mrespectfully renewing my objection .
Less harmful effects than this exhibit is outweighed by howprejudicialitis. IMHO Ms. Wexler Allduerespectto M s. W exler,
The bar thinks it 's important to the hearing but the State Barfeelsthisisfundamen taltohear. We don 't want to leave Wedon ' twanttoleaveanyquesti on
doubt as to the intentions of the parties
Just ruled it was fair whenwedeniedyourmotio ntosuppress. Plus your client 's mischief aside I 'lladd, therough-and-tumbleofyourclient 'sconductaside, we got to know a lawyer weneedtoknowwhetheron elawyer
attempted totamper with another  ' sevidence .

Come to C omehere .
What are you still doing here What are youstilldoinghe re ?
The flight was delayed by F light  ' sdelayed . How long was it delayed ?
I just checked it was forty minutes 4 0 minutes , last I checked .
By notifying me of progress S hit .
OK .
K e e p   m e   p o s t e d .
Line Yes.
Alright Herewego.

Thank you for your patience T hankyouforyourpatienc e .
The Bar Association is ready to proceed .
Sorry U m , beggingyourpardon . Is it okay for the defendant to request a review U m , thedefenserequestsamo menttoreview , ifwecould ?

行   A l l   r i g h t .
When you are ready When you  ' reready .
Thank you Mr. Chairman Thankyou , Mr .
C h a i r m a n .

What is this Whatarewedoing?
We are dragging We  ' restalling .


That 's right. Yes. Yes.
My brother has many admirable qualities M ybrotherhasmanyadmira blequalities . To some extent I admire him I - I nsomeways , I cansay I admirehim .

Too cold Toocold . I love my brother I love my brother .
But Ted Kaczynski 's [terrorist] brother loves him too. But T ed K aczynski  ' sbrotherlovedhim , too .
He also wanted to help A ndhewanted to help .
Too dignified T hat  ' ssanctimonious .
I love my brother I love my brother .
He is a good person He has a good side He  'sagoodperson .
Hehasgoodinhim . But the law is too important B utthelawistooimportan t .

On to Howard Brightthere , Howard !
The law is too important. Thelawistooimportant.
Otherwise how could I possibly say I sureasshitwouldn  ' tbetellin  ' yaotherwise .
But yes this is the truth But , yes . . . it  ' sthetruth .
Did you go to great lengths to humiliate me You  ' dgotosuchlengthstohum iliateme ?
I didit for Kim I didit for Kim !
And you and Howard drink whisky and sit back while you and Howardsataroundsipping scotchandchortling . What Hamlin , Hamlin , Mc G ill - -
Should be called Scrooge Law Firm morelike S croogeand Marley ! Mesa Verde Bank is Kimdeserves M esa Verde - -
Not you nor notyou of Hamlyn McGill Associates , not HHM .
She got it she needed it S heearnedit , andsheneedsit ! I did it to help her I didittohelpher ,
but i really didn 't know it would hurt you that much but I - I honestlydidn ' tthinkitwouldhurtyous obad . I thought you 'd just say ' made a mistake on me ' I thoughtyou  ' djustsay , ' Oh , crap , I madeamistake , '
Then go on with your life this is what a normal person would do andgoonwithyourlife , like a normalperson !
But you are not But , oh , no !
I 'm too naive Wishfulthinking!
So can I tell Howard S o , can I , uh , tell Howard that you are not resigning or retiring you  ' renotquittingorretiri ngorwhatever ?
And is it possible to get these crap off the walls A ndcanwetakeallthisshi tdownoffthewalls ?
I 'll just call Howard I 'mgonnagocall Howard.
Jimmy Jimmy . You just pleaded guilty to a felony You know you justconfessedtoafe lony ?

Well I guess .
But you feel better, don 't you Butyoufeelbetter , right ?


Alright Mr. Alley A llright , uh , Mr . Alley , uh ,
We have to arrange for the next witness weneedtomakeaccommoda tionsforyournextwitne ss .
Is it correct?
- Yes Sir - OK - Yes , Mr . C hairman . - A llright .
Tell everyone that we have to prepare the room F orthosewhodon  ' tknow , weneedtopreparetheroo m . The staff will keep your cell phones U h , theclerkisgoingtocoll ectyour , uh , cellphones ,
watch key fob all electronic devices watches, keyfobs - anythingelectrical. If you don 't want to do it I fyouprefernotto,

Please keep things out of the room thank you pleasesecureyouritems outsidethisroom .
T hankyou . Thank you for your understanding T hankyouforunderstandi ng .
Your phone Mr. Yourphone , sir ?
I stayed in the car I leftitinthecar .



- sorry- sorry- oh .
E x c u s e   m e .
-   S o r r y .
- that 's yours - thanks - T hat  ' syours .
-   T h a n k s .

Please raise your right hand P leaseraiseyourrightha nd . You swear or affirm that the truth is not concealed D oyouswearoraffirmtote llthetruth , thewholetruth ,
Only tell the truth and nothing but the truth ?
Yes I do .

Can you name your C ouldyoustateyourname ?
Charles L. McGill Charles L. McGill.
I 'm I 'maseniorpartneratthel awfirmof Hamlin, Hamlin, McGill, senior partner at Hamlin McGill Associates.
Can the clerk of the court hear Canthecourtreporterhea rme ?
I can hear you sir. Yes, sir.
I canhearyoufine . Mr McGill I try to be brief Mr r. Mc G ill , I  'lltrytobebrief .
we don 't have to dwell on burglary we don  ' tneedtodwellontheburg lary
Or the process of your being attacked ortheassaultthatyousu ffered.
Thank you I appreciate T hankyou . I appreciatethat .
I would like to know about this tape What I would liketohearabouti sthistape .
What forced you to make this tape What compelledyouto make it ? I suspect my brother tampered with I hadasuspicionmybrothe rhadtamperedwithdocum ents
A case file inacase I wasworkingon.
Why would he do that? A ndwhywouldhedothat? Doesn 't sound like much like what a brother did.D oesn 'tsoundparticularlybro therly. I think he wished to tamper with the documents I believeitwashishopeth atthetainteddocuments
would cause the client to become disillusionedwi thmyrepresentation
And before hiring their lawyer Miss Wexler and return to their previ ousattorney , M s. W exler .
Here I want to explain that they got their wishWhich , I shouldnote , ispreciselywhathappen ed .
Against Objection. I 'm not saying Miss Wexler was aware of Jimmy 's actions I 'mnotsaying M s.
W exlerknewwhat Jimmywasdoing or participating in orhadanyinvolvement .
I 'm just pointing out that the results are true I ' monlystatingthatithap pened . Regarding your doubts about James D idyouhaveanyevidence

Do you have evidence to supportyoursuspicio nsabout James? No my brother No. M ybrother,
Leaving aside other things not to say that whateverelsecanbesaid ofhim, canbequitecever.
Covered up his actions very well D idanexcellentjobofcov eringhistracks

Prove that the party committed the above crime this supposedcrimeeven occurred .
I want to hear what he has to say I  ' dliketohearwhathehast osay .
Please continue We 'regoingtocontinue. You can also cross-examine Ms. Wexler Uh, we 'llextendyouthesamelat itudeoncross, Ms.
W e x l e r .
Continue Mr. McGill Goon, Mr. r.
McG ill . As there is no hard evidence Withoutphysicalevidence , I feel that he can be recorded confessing to the crime I felt that arecordedconfession - -
Best chance if I could record it if I couldgetone - wasmybestbet. By itself I knew the tape would not be so well thought Onitsown, I knewthetapewouldbesom ewhatflimsy,
But a start butitwasastart .
A foundationforamoreiro ncladcase. I suppose that Jimymusthavefelt
The tape itself is a strong proof of thetapewasdecisiveevi denceonitsown.
Otherwise he wouldn 't break into my house and destroy it O therwise , hewouldn  ' thavebrokenintodestro yit .
Objection or arbitrary guessing Objection .
M o r e   s p e c u l a t i o n .
How can he know what 's in Jimmy 's head Howcanheknowwhatwasgoi ngonin Jimmy 'shead? The objection is valid we just need to know what 's going on Sustained.
We justneedtohearwhatha ppened, Mr. McGill, Mr. McGill.
I 'm sorry I - I apologize .
I recorded my brother against him I recorded mybrothertobu ildacaseagainsthim . At that time A ndatthetime ,
Can you say you are fully sane would you say that youwer einpossessionofyourfa culties ? Excuse me A llduerespect , but - -
but you sound a little deranged in the recording but youdosoundsomewhat unhingedontherecording .
Yes I can understand Yes , I understand that . But what you hear is the drama Butwhatyouheardwasthea ter .
A performance is A performance , play - acting . I exaggerated the symptoms of my disease I exaggeratedthesymptom sofmydisease
to extract the truth.
Can we talk about your disease Can we talk about your aseforamoment ?
I hope everyone here can agree on it I  ' dlikeeverybody heretob eonthesamepageaboutit .
Of course Of course. Some people call it EHSI tissometimesreferredt oas EHS,
Electromagnetic hypersensitivity electromagnetic hypersensitivity .
I call it acute allergy to electromagnetism I describeitasanacuteal lergytoelectromagneti sm .
It 's not a common condition is it It  ' snotacommoncondition , isit ?
I know it sounds weird and it is. I knowitsoundsstrange. I do.
But thirty years ago no one heard of peanut allergy But 30 years ago , noonehadheardofpeanut allergies . But you admit that no one Butyouadmitthatnoone - -
No doctor has made a diagnosis on you nodoctor - - haseverdiagnosedyou .
AIDS was not diagnosed until 1981 AIDS was not identifiedprope rlyuntil 1981 .
It wasn 't known until 1983 that AIDS was caused by the HIV virus HIV wasn 't known as the causeuntil  ' 83.
These things take time to explain to the doctor as well

Does it affect your ability to think clearly?
Will not only affect my physiology No . I taffects mephysically .
Causes me severe pain I tcausesmegreatpain .
But I 'm still fully awake However, I 'mperfectlylucid. Thank you T hankyou. Mr. McGill I have one last question for you Mr.
M c G i l l ,   I   h a v e   ‭ o n l y   o n e   m o r e   q u e s t i o n   f o r   y o u .
Do you hate your brother D oyouhateyourbrother ?
Don 't hate A bsolutely not at all.
I love my brother I love mybrother .
Jimmy is not bad by nature T here  ' snothingmaliciousin Jimmy . He always likes Hehasawayofdoingthewor stthings for so called noble reasons
to do those bad things forreasons thatsoundalmostnoble . But I know in my heart Butwhat I knowforsureisthatthel aw
The law is sacred and inviolable istooimportanttobetoy edwith . This is the greatest achievement of mankind I t  ' smankind  ' sgreatestachievement the R uleof Law ,
The meaning of the rule of law is that no matter who you are theideathat, nomatterwhoyouare,
Your actions will have consequences youractionshaveconseq uences . And the way my brother treats the law A ndthewaymybrothertrea tsthelaw - -
It breaks my heart itbreaksmyheart.
So I 'm gonna do this T hat  ' swhy I didwhat I did .
Not to hurt him but to protect what I respect N ottohurthim , but to protect something that I holdsacred .
Thank you Mr. McGillThankyou, Mr.McGill.
The State Bar 's cross-examination concluded The State B arrests.

I think we need a pause I thinkweneedtoputonthe brakes .

I 'm sorry my partner attorney and I need time to discuss I 'msorry.
M y   c o - c o u n s e l   a n d   I   n e e d   a   m o m e n t   t o   c o n f e r .
Please lawyer P leasebebrief , counselor as soon as possible.
OK Yes , ofcourse .

She will come to S he  ' llbehere .
Do you want to cross-examine him D oyouhaveanythingforcr oss ?
Can I look at your notes C an I lookatyournotes ?
Of course Yeah , ofcourse . We can . . .
C a n   w e ,   u m . . .
OK Yeah.



Glad you can come to S ogladyoumadeit .

Excuse me, Mr. Chairman, Mr. C hairman, I 'msorry.
may i have a breath may i haveamoment , togetabreath ?
Of course Mr. McGill Oh, ofcourse, Mr. McGill.
Guys let 's take a fifteen minute break U h , folks , let  ' scallthis 1 5 .
Everyone, please return to the court on time to continue the hearing E verybody, pleasebebackandreadyt ogoonthehour.


- Rebecca-Chuck-Rebecca.
- Chuck . Nice to meet you I t  ' sgoodtoseeyou .
I have to say I was a little surprised I havetosay , I  ' mabitsurprised .
Did Jimmy subpoena you D id Jimmysubpoenayou ?
You are not on the witness list You do not have to testify on You  ' renotonthewitnesslist .
Youdon  ' thavetotestify . No no no I am not here to testify No , no , no , no . I  ' mnothereforthat .
Well, what, then?
Chuck Dow wish you could tell me Chuck , I wishyou  ' dtoldme .
I can 't believe what you 've been through I - I can  ' tbelievewhatyou  ' vebeengoingthrough .
How long has it been Howlonghasitbeen ?
You are here to help me You  'reheretohelp .
Because it 's all too stressful for me Becauseallthisissostre ssfulforme .
Is that what Jimmy told you? I sthatwhat Jimmytoldyou ?
He 's worried about you Chuck He  ' sworied about you , Chuck .
Although so much has happened between you I nspiteofeverythingtha t  ' shappenedbetweenthetw oofyou ,
He still cares about your he-hecares. What the hell did he say W hatexactlydidhesay?
He said you were ill U m , well , that you hadbeensick .
Allergictoelectricity to electromagnetic allergies?
He showed me a picture of your home He esentmepicturesofthehouse .
Chuck, my God.
Why didn 't you tell me W hydidn  ' tyoutellme ?
I don 't want to upset you I didn  ' twanttoupsetyou .
Makes you worry W orryyouunnecessarily .
But since you 're here Butnowyou 'rehere.
You also now know A ndnowyouknow .

I came because I felt it should be done
I thought you wanted me to come I thought - - I don  ' tknow - - thatyou  ' dwantmeto .
But I guess I 'll just distract you B ut I guessthat I  ' mmoreofastraction .
So . . . S o , uh . . . I 'll be in town for a few days I  ' mgonnabeintownforafew days ,
I would love to get together with you and I would love tospendsometimewithyo u .
But for now I 'll go first Butrightnow , I - I think I shouldgo .
no no please i want you to stay No o . No , no , please .
I   w a n t   y o u   t o   s t a y .
Really you don 't seem very happy to see me Really ? Youdon  ' tseemhappytoseeme . I am very happy I am .
Just a little accident. That 's all. Justsurprised, that  ' sall.
Please stay P lease , stay .
Are you sure A reyousure ? I am sure Yes , I  'msure .
You have listened to a lot of slander Rebecca You  ' vebeensoldabillofgoods , Rebecca .
I want you to see the truth with your own eyes I wantyoutoseewhat  ' swhat .

She was not what I expected. S he  ' snotwhat I expected .

Is that what you thought she was like Oh , yeah ?
What  ' dyouexpect ? I don 't know just . . . I don  ' tknow .
J u s t . . .
Not so noother .
When this is over she will hate you Youknow , she  ' sgonnahateyouwhenthis isover .
Yeah Yep.

Alright Mr. McGill Allright , uh , Mr .
M c G i l l ,
I remind you to obey the oath I  ' llremindyou you  ' restillunderoath . I understand I understand . This time Atthistime ,
I would like witnesses to be cross-examined by my partner counsel I  ' dliketoturncross - examinationovertomyco - counsel ,
James McGill James McGill.
During this period there was a lot of controversy U h , well , there  ' sbeenalotoffussabouti t ,
But you and I never talked about this tape you made but you and I haven 't everreally talked about thistapeyoumade .
We didn 't have a chance to talk after you broke into my house and destroyed the tape We elosttheopportunitywh enyouburglarizedmyhou setodestroyit .
Makes sense F airenough . That thing is that I was wrong U m , and I wasinthewrongthere . But I still want to hear But , still , I  ' dliketotryandfollowyo urstory
Why and how ofwhyandhowyourecorde dit .
Do you want to say the tape is fake I sthiswhere you claim the tapeisspurious ?
Isn 't it actually your voice T hatit  ' snotreallyyourvoice ?
No that 's my voice N o . T hat  ' smeonthetape .
But I still have some doubts But , still , I have somequestions . For example that tape recorder Like , therecorder ,
It must be very painful for you to touch it, itmust  ' vehurtlike hellforyout otouchthat .
There is indeed a degree of discomfort T herewasa degree of discomfort , that  ' strue .
Where did you hide the tape recorder? A ndwheredidyouhideit ?
so it shouldn 't be hidden in the sofa cushions soitwasn  ' tin the couchcushions , wasit ?
Tuckedunderaspaceblank et .
O u t   o f   s i g h t .
So I 'm sure I won 't find S othere  ' snochance I wouldseeit .
Notwiththestateyourpla cewasin according to the circumstances of your home.
- Right - I think so - I sn  ' tthatright ? - I suppose .
Could you describe the situation to the Disciplinary CommitteeW ouldyouliketosetthesc enefortheDisciplinaryC ommittee ?
Tell them when they are recording Tellthem , youknow , whatyourhouselookedli ke
What is your house like atthetimeoftherecordi ng .
Is the objection relevant to this case Objection . Relevance ?
The environment during the recording has a great relationship with this case.
How can we know the true meaning of the tape unlessyouknowwhatwasg oingonwhenitwasrecorded ?
O verruled . Thewitness can answer the question .
I covered most of the walls with insulation made of tin foil burlap and kraft paper I covered most of thewalls with F oil - S crim - K raftinsulation .
I also hung up some space blankets I alsohunganumberofspac eblankets.
are dense polyester films C ompact M ylarsheets . They help me isolate Theyinsulateandprotect
Mild electromagnetic radiation againstmild electromagneticradiation . So on walls and ceilings A llright , so , shinyinsulation
Hanging with shiny dividers and space blankets andspaceblanketsallov erthewallsandtheceili ng .
I twaslike being inside of adiscoball .
What the hell are you trying to say Doyouhaveapoint ? I 'm amazed Well , I  ' mimpressed
You did so much to get me into a trap byhowmuchworkwentinto entrappingme .
You really tried your best. Youwentallout . I didn  ' tentrapyou .
I just provoked you to admit it I provokedanadmissionin adverseinterest .
That 's not the same thing T hat  ' snotthesamething . How do you know it can be successful Howdidyouknowitwouldwo rk ?

What do you mean What doyoumean ?
How do you know you 'stimulate' I can make it Howdidyouknowyour ' provocation ' would work ? Why do you think some glowing plastic Why  ' dyouthinkabunchofshin yplastic
would make me sayanything ? is it not because you know that
To refute you I can say anything that I  ' dsayanythingtotalkyou down ?
Against Objection.
Ok withdraw O kay . Withdrawn . Let 's go on to say your house L et  ' s - - L et  ' sgetbacktoyourhouse ,
All surfaces were covered with tinfoil everysurfacecoveredin tinfoil.
That 's not crazy at all, is it Nothingcrazyaboutthat , huh ?
As I said I exaggerated the condition As I  ' vesaid , I wasplaying up my conditi on .
Usually my house is perfectly normal U really , it  ' s perfectlynormalhouse .
Do you think your house is normal Y outhinkyourhouseisnor mal ?
Can I ask you to see Exhibit N ine?

Is this your house? T hisisyourhouse , right ?
Yes Yes .
Exposed wires S o , exposedwires . There is a portable stove T here  ' sacampstove .
A kerosene lamp stands on the newspaper T here  ' salanternontopofnewsp apers .
Is this normal Youcallthisnormal ? I call it adaptation I callthemadaptations .
A prophylactic measure for raphysical , medical condition .
D idthedoctorwhogranted me Guardianship
Think this is a physical condition foryouthinkthiswasaph ysicalcondition ?
Against Objection . It cannot be taken as evidence Youcan  ' tintroducea TEG asevidence . And the jury has ruled B esides which , the panel hasalreadyrul ed
Mr. McGill 's mental health is out of the scope of the discussion that Mr. McGill 'smentalhealth is notati ssue. No, the State Baropenedthedoortothis ondirect
It was because the witness talked about his 'exaggerated' condition whenthewitnesstalkeda bouthissupposed 'play - acting.'
So it makes sense for me to keep asking A lllowingmetofollowupon crossisonlyreasonable.
We were talking about We ediscussedthephysical allergy,
rather than mental illness notamentaldisability .
It 's just a different way of saying P otato , po - tah - to . In the final analysis I tcomesdowntothis - - want to understand what I was thinking at the time I nordertounderstandwha t I wasthinking ,
You 're about to see Chuck from my point of view, youneedtosee Chuckthroughmyeyes.
You have to know if I thought that tape was evidence Youneedtoknowif I believed thattapewasev evidence .
And I think this tape just proves one thing A nd I sayitwasevidenceofonl yonething - -
My brother hates me M ybrotherhatesme .
He claimed he deceived me so that I could tell the truth No , heclaimsthattheliedtom etogetmetotellthetrut h .
I tell you A nd I  ' mtellingyou
I lied to my brother to make him feel better
Depends on how we understand Charles McGill 's way of thinking depends howweallunde rstandthemindof Charles McGill. We do promise to give the defense some freedomW ell, wedidpromisethedefens esomeleeway.

You can go ahead and say Youmayproceed.
- Thank you sir - but you pay attention - Thankyou , Mr .
C h a i r m a n .
-   B u t   w a t c h   y o u r s e l f .
Chuck I want to talk about something from a long time ago Chuck , I  ' dliketogobackalittlef urther ,
These symptoms first appeared then talkaboutwhenthesesymptomsfirststarted.
Was it shortly after you just divorced? I twasshortly after youwe redivorced, isthatright?
Yes Yes .
Do you think the stress of the divorce is your cause? Youthinkthestressofthe divorcebroughtontheilness ?
It shouldn 't be that we broke up peacefully at the time. I doubtit. I twasanamicablesplit.
My ex-wife and I still get along well M yex - wife and I arestillongoodterms .
In fact, your ex-wife was present today, right Infact , yourex - wifeispresentwithusto day , isshenot ?
When was the last time you met When wasthelasttimeyout wosaweachother ?
Objection here is not family court Objection. T hisisnotfamilycourt.
We are not here to re-litigate a witness 's divorce We  ' renotheretore - litigatethewitness  ' divorce .
I don 't know what 's the point of asking these I can  ' tseewhatpurposethisse rves . I understand I can . Let me tell you my brother why I  ' lltellyouwhymybrother
Invite my ex-wife to this hearing broughtmyex - wifetothishearing .
She came here 4,000 milesshecame, luredbyconcernforme because she cares about me across 6400 kilometers.
What Jimmy wants to bring up is the last time I saw her What Jimmy  ' sdrivingatisthelastti me I sawher ,
Covered up my illness I coveredupmyillness . I had been suffering from it for a while I  ' dbeensufferingfromitf orsometime ,
But I tried my best to hide the fact from her but I wenttogreatlengthstoc oncealthatfactfromher . I 'm sorry I deceived you Rebecca I 'msorry I deceivedyou , R ebecca .
I don 't want you to underestimate me I didn  ' twantyoutothinklessof me .
Now Jimmy is debunking my secrets in front of you N ow Jimmyhasoutedmeinfront ofyou .
Do you know why Youknowwhy ?
Trying to mess me up T orattleme . He knows I 'm still right . . . He eknows I stillhavea . . .
My ex-wife still has deep feelings lotof , feelingformyex - wife .
He wants to break me with this He  ' shoping this will breakmedown .
Spread salt on my wounds S plitmeapartattheseams ,
Like a murderer confession in Detective Mason likeamurdererconfessi ngonanepisodeof ' P erry Mason . ' Sorry to disappoint you Jimmy Well , I  ' msorry todisappointyou , Jimmy .
Have I answered yourquestions toyoursatisfaction ?
Do you have any other questions? Do youhaveanythingelse?
Yes I have Yeah , I do .
Before you said there are other diseases Earlier , you talked about otherdi seases .
Like you said P hysicalconditions , you said .
So if you were suffering from . . .
S o , okay , ifyou  ' dhad , um - - I don  ' tknow - - lung cancer would you tell Rebecca lungcancer , wouldyouhavetold R ebeccathen ?

If so maybe I fthathadbeenthecase , maybe .
I might do that. I mighthave.
Is there any difference? So howisthisdifferent?
Mr. McGill, please skip Mr. McGill.
M o v e   i t   a l o n g .
You don 't have to answer this question You don 't have to answer that. I want to talk about the substantive issue I wanttogetdowntobrasst acks.
I want to hear very detailed details I want tobevery , very specific here .
What does it feel like to have this disease T hisillness , whatdoesitfeellike ?
You said it was painful You mentioned it  ' spainful . That 's right I tis . It makes me short of breath and short of breath
Makes me feel the pain of ten thousand arrows piercing my heart andpain , burningpain .
This pain devoured me T hepainspreadseverywhere re .
Sounds terrible does it still hurt S oundshorrible . Doesithurtrightnow ?
yes it still makes me feel uncomfortable T here  ' alwayssomediscomfort , yes .
Modern society is inseparable from the use of electricityE lectricityiseverywher einthemodernworld. But I am grateful for the B ut I very muchmuchappreciatethe indulgenceofthepanel that the jury will give me today
Understand and accommodate fortheiraccommodation heretoday.
I can get over I canhandlethisfine.
So you don 't feel Right , so , with the lightsout , youdon  ' tfeelthem ?
If there is no current, I fthecurrent  ' snotflowing , no .
Sorry for not turning off the exit lights Oh . S orryabouttheexitsigns .
I don 't think they can turn it off for you I guesstheycouldn 'tkillthoseforyou.
It doesn 't draw much current and it 's far away from me
Strength decreases with distance pertheinverse - squarelaw.
Line is strong O kay , whoa ! Inverse square . . . I am not a physicist Inverse - square - - I  ' mnotaphysicist .
Can you use such academic words? C ouldyoudumbthatdownas hadeforme ? The farther away The fartherawayitis ,
The stronger the source is needed to produce the effect thestrongerthesourcen eedstobetohaveaneffec t .
Got it Got it Got it Got it. Got it
Then hold it close to you and touch your skin and I gotitclosetoyou , closetoyourskin ,
Will you feel it you  ' dknow ? Yes I would feel it I wouldfeelit , yes . Can you feel it now
Is the current coming from any particul ardirectionrightnow ? Such as U h , fromthatbackwall or over there or , uh , fromoverthere
Or from the floor orupthroughthefloor?
Can you tell us where the nearest power source is now C anyoutelluswherethene arestsourceisrightnow ?
Jimmy do you have something in your pocket Jimmy , doyou have somethinginy our pocket ?
Yes actually I have Yes , I do , asamatteroffact .
It 's my mobile phone M ycellphone . You should be able to perceive From this distance , you shouldfeelit ,
but you don 't, andyoudon 't,doyou? mr mcgill you should leave the electronics out mr.
M c G i l l ,   y o u   w e r e   w a r n e d   t o   l e a v e   y o u r   e l e c t r o n i c s   o u t s i d e .
Nevermind It 's sallright.
Nevermind It 's sallright.
May I take a look May I ?

As I thought there was no battery in it Justas I thought . T here  ' snobatteryinhere .
You removed the battery You removed the battery .
What a shameful little trick, isn 't it T hat  ' sasorrylittlerick , isn  ' tit ?
Yes you found Chuck Yeah , yougotme , Chuck on the spot.
D e a d   t o   r i g h t s .
I removed the battery I removed the battery .
- objection - objection valid - Objection .
- Sustained . You have almost asked Mr. McGill Y - You  ' vetakenalltheleewayyo u  ' regetting , M r .
Mc G ill . Wrap up Wrapitupfast quickly .
Jimmy God , Jimmy .
Don 't you believe it 's true now D on  ' tyuknowbynowthisisre al ?
I can feel the current I feelthis.
This is the physical response to external stimuli I t  ' saphysicalresponsetos timuli .
It 's not some quirk I t ' snotaquirk . ​​What the hell do I have to do to prove to you What do I havetodotoproveittoyo u ?

I don 't know Chuck I don  ' tknow , C huck . You can reach into your breast pocket C ouldyoureachintoyourb reastpocket
tell me what 's in there and tellmewhat  ' sthere ?
What 's the trick Whatnow ?
Can you tell the judge what that was C anyoutellthecourtwhat that was ?

- A battery - Mr. Chairman . . .
-   A   b a t t e r y .   -   M r .   C h a i r m a n   - -
- please- do you know the gentleman in the back - P lease . - Do yourecognizethatmani nback ?
His name is Hugh Babineaux and he is my witness Hisnameis Huell Babineaux .
H e  ' sonourwitnesslist . You bumped him on the stairs Yo ubumpedintohiminthes tairway . He testified to put this fully charged H e  ' lltestifyheplantedthi sfullychargedbatteryo nyou an hour and a half ago
The battery is on you overanhourandahalfago.
One hour and forty-three minutes H ourand 4 3 minutesago .
One hour and forty-three minutes Thank you Mr. Babno Anhourand 4 3 minutes .
T h a n k   y o u ,   M r .   B a b i n e a u x .
And you don 't notice A ndyoufeltnothing.
No no no No , no , no .
No , no . It 's a trick it has to. . . I t  ' satrick .
I t   h a s   t o   - -
Enough is enough. Enoughisenough.
I don 't think Mr McGill 's mental illness is the problem I submit that Mr r.
M c G i l l ' s   m e n t a l   i l l n e s s   i s   a   n o n - i s s u e .
- Even if he is schizophrenic - schizophrenic. . . - I fhewereschizophrenic . . . - S chizo - -
Nor can it obliterate what the defendant has done before. . . . . . itwouldn  ' ttakeawayfromthefactt hatthedefendant
I 'm not crazy I amnotcrazy!

I 'm not crazy I amnotcrazy .
I know he switched numbers I knowheswappedthosenum bers .
I knew it was 1 2 1 6 I knew itwas 1 2 1 6 .
One after the Magna Carta was signed.
How could I possibly make such a mistake A sif I couldevermakesuchamis take .
Absolutely not N ever . N ever !
I 'm just . . . just can 't prove I just - - I justcouldn  ' tproveit .
He covered his tracks H-H-H ecoveredhistracks.
He also asked the dummies of the copy shop to help him lie He egotthatidiotatthecop yshoptolieforhim .
Mr. McGill, you don 't have to... .
M r .   M c G i l l ,   p l e a s e .   Y o u   d o n ' t   h a v e   t o   g o   i n - -
Do you think this is a big deal? Youthinkthisissomething ?
Do you think this kind of fraud is bad Youthinkthisisbad , this - - thischicanery ?
He 's done even worse that billboard He  'sdoneworthe . T hatbillboard !
Are you saying that the man just fell right off A reyoutellingmethatama njusthappenstofalllik ethat ?
No o .
H e   o r c h e s t r a t e d   i t !   吉 米   J i m m y !
He pooped on the skylight He edefecated through asun roof !
I saved him but I regret it A nd I savedhim , and I shouldn  ' thave .
I took him into my law firm I tookhimintomyownfirm .
What was I thinking? What was I thinking?!
He just wouldn 't change He  ' llneverchange .
Unrepentant He  ' llneverchange .
Since he was nine years old he has always been this virtuous E versincehewas 9 , always thesame .
Couldn 't stop myself from touching the cash drawer. C ouldn  ' tkeephishandsoutofthe cashdrawer.
But we Jimmy is not that kind of person Butnotour Jimmy .
Couldn 't be our precious Jimmy C ouldn  ' tbeprecious Jimmy !
He is the stealing addiction S tealingthemblind .
And this kind of person became a lawyer An ndhegetstobealawyer ?!
What the heck Whatasickjoke!
I should have stopped him when I had the chance I should have stopped him I hadthechance !
You have to stop himA ndyou - - youhavetostophim!
you. . .
You - -

I apologize I apologize . I failed to stabilize my emotions I lostmytrainofthought .

Lost my mind I gotcarriedaway.

Do you have any other questions? Do youhaveanythingelse?

No I finished asking No o . Nothingfurther . Safety Exit
