Looking back on the previous situation, I bought it before I saw the house. You are so bold

- We know it 's true when we see the ad- (sometimes)
Don 't you ever find it strange that the child I 'm carrying is yours?
Only your lawn needs to be mowed three times a week on Wisteria Lane
I 'm going to kill you (The Truth About Our Loved Ones)
You told Peterson 's wife not to give me a promotion
I 'm quitting, I 'm staying home as a stay-at-home dad
we need to talk
go back to your workplace
(will cause you harm)
I have a heart attack
Your surgery will go well
Hello
R ex died ten minutes ago
I regret that
Delfino is going to kill my dad
Now I 'm going to kill Delfino
(Wisteria Lane everyone knows it) (I da Greenburge loves wine)
(She was drunk at the knitting club) (She was drunk in front of the traffic control department) (Even when she first went to the Meiyimei Church, she was drunk) ( ( a sect) )
(I da tried to quit drinking many times)
(But she couldn 't do it) (On this night) (In desperation, she looked up to the sky and challenged God)
(Let him curb her alcohol cravings) (I da lucky) (God heard her prayers)
Z ach you listen to me
do not want
Now let 's see how you can do it



Bango don 't
B a n g o
(It was at that moment that I da finally realized)
(God can act mysteriously)
(but can also be very direct)
(I 've been dead for 1 year) (a lot has changed on Wisteria Lane)
(The child plays a new game)
(The community has moved in with new neighbors)
(The old house has been replaced with new clothes)

(And the tragedy also staged a new one)
(in a house) (a widow prepares to inform her friend of her husband 's death)
(But she doesn 't plan to make a call before that time)
(As if life could go on like this)
I have to comb my hair
Yeah, but your problem isn 't your hair. Officer Susan came for your confession.

Is this what Zach Young did?
it 's not that she fell
Biting my lip was an accident, okay, tell me what happened
I don 't know, I was feeding the dog
- what? - While feeding the dog I turned Z ach Young right behind me
you fell
- He pointed a gun at me - the doctor won 't let you take it out
I hope you can understand that Z ach had a difficult time
- He 's got emotional problems
But he didn 't want to hurt anyone
what is he waiting for you to come back to kill you
Did he shoot you when you got home?
The truth is that Susan shot that because I was fighting Zach in case he shot you
oh blood
Let 's take the confession later, okay, she 's in a mess now
I think I can speak for her
It could not be better
- Wishing you a speedy recovery Ms Mayer - Goodbye
ah it hurts
- I 'll get you some ice- ok
Susan complained that the kid was a little too excited
So what do you mean the whole thing was just a spat
yes yes
Do we have to sue? It 's not 'must' but with guns involved you should think about it

J o h n !
- how did you get in - i know where the spare key is
- Have a drink - I 'm pregnant idiot
I washed it with carbonated water
you know what you did you got carlos doing 8 years in jail for that scene in court yesterday
yeah i know you 'll be mad at me
But you calm down and think about it
It 's just the two of us now. How good is that?
Did you bring your luggage?
He 's in jail, we don 't have to hide
We can communicate normally
It 's good for all three of us
three people? What benefit does carlos get?
- I mean my child - how do you know it 's your child
I don 't even know
I don 't want to know because it doesn 't matter
what do you mean you don 't love me
I liked you before you told my husband we had an affair
Since
less fascinated

- hi- hi oh why let them do finger painting before breakfast
Now I 'm in charge of cleaning so I said it 's okay?

you 're right sorry
Hey, I thought the meeting wasn 't until 1 o 'clock. I 've got a lot of work to do before that. Let 's borrow a decent scarf for Bree.
buy a lipstick that suits me

- mom mom look- no no no no
Nobody touches mom, okay? i love you i love you finger painting
But if you touch me with your little dirty hands
I 'll chop them off
go and play
It 's fine

- a little nervous? - Who? I?
I haven 't worked for 7 years I 'm a middle-aged woman working in an industry where youth is worth more than anything
- You say I have nothing to be nervous about - You have experience and you are shrewd
You can definitely get the job done.
thank you no i cant . . .

you kinda . . so . . .
OK, thanks
come on my phone
L ynett hi it 's me Bree
Hope I didn 't hit it too early eh?
Oh of course you can borrow that scarf
I 'll iron it for you
Well I have something to tell you Re ex passed away

Aren 't they going to have surgery? What 's up
Seems like Reex 's heart stopped beating
oh my god when will we see Bree
She said she 'd be calling, she 's busy with funeral arrangements or something
I don 't think she 's very busy.

hey what are you doing here
I 'm waiting for Reex 's mother she 'll be here soon
dear we are sad
Oh, do you guys want soy milk? I found this in the morning when I cleaned out the fridge
No one drinks at home except Reex
I just bought it on Friday and I don 't want to throw it away
Pity
oh baby
Darling, don 't hold on like this
No no I can 't break down now
why
you know
B r e e ！
Parking is this house this is . . .
Yes this is Reex 's mother

too hard to believe
just a nightmare
I can 't live
can 't live
Looks like it 's been 7 years since you last worked
What 's the matter, want to take a break?
I 'm at home with the kids, I 'd rather have a rest
- Boy or girl? - girl
- And 3 boys - 4 children? Yeah of course they won 't get in the way of me getting the job done
Because from now on my husband is home with the kids
I know I can 't be busy outside the house
So I decided to be alone. I don 't want to be that kind of woman -- because I have to take the kids to the doctor.
Or go to a kid 's gig and push the job to a colleague
I 'm tired of firing squid
I see what you mean N ina but I won 't be like that
I won 't bring home affairs to work, will you be willing to have those sad little faces?
Are you kidding me?
Here 's adults in heaven talking about adults
No yelling, no vomiting, no booger under the table, you drag me out, and I cry and cry and won 't go
Always on call for weekends and holidays
Well Ed has to make a final decision
Come back tomorrow at 3pm
ok that 's great thank you
Lynette come early to prove it to me
Okay
Impossible Daddy wouldn 't have a teddy bear
Of course he has his name Doolittle
Your dad takes it with him wherever he goes

your tea Phyllis

Oh look Bree
This is the tie that R ex wore when he graduated from prep school
I think he should bring this, I mean at the funeral
P hyllis this is orange
It 's his school 's colors, green and orange. He 's going to be buried in a blue suit that day.
Or he could wear other colors
Still don 't but thank you
Do you keep dad 's comic books?
oh yeah i didn 't throw anything
Look, I even keep the pornographic magazines hidden under his mattress
He thought I didn 't know I knew everything
Looks like dad likes big boobs
Yeah, so when he married your mother I was so surprised

You 're not going to talk to me anymore, are you?
Okay, then I won 't say it

Okay! I stole something
It 's not a good thing, and I have no light in my face
But it 's no big deal
Nobody is dead
Oh don 't act like a martyr Carlos
A slap doesn 't make a sound
Your endless business trips left me at home alone
So it can be said that you also cheated
It 's just that your little lover is work
Don 't go ok, I 'm a little bullshit sorry
Carlos don 't come back I want to start over
we 're gonna have kids
Haven 't you always wanted to be a dad?
Carlos wait I said I 'm sorry I love you
what do you want from me
I want you to do a paternity test

hello mrs applewhite my name is breevandekamp
this is my daughter Danielle
- hello- hi
Hi I 'm Matthew this is my son
I should have come earlier
But unfortunately someone in the home is outdated recently
my dad i 'm so sorry
My dad passed away too and I know how you feel
thanks
Anyway, I 'm sorry I 'm afraid my visit was for some personal purpose. Our church organist went on vacation.
E die B ritt said you used to be a pianist
I will be honored to play for you
why don 't i get some sheet music later we can choose the following
Thank you, I 'm relieved
- oh this is for you - you are so kind
Bree widowed women should help each other
goodbye

Pretend your father passed away? Don 't you think it 's a little fake?
I just think this will help us to lie, isn 't it?
I just want to get close to them
baby i know you mean it
But in the future, the cleverness will be left to me to play.


When did we install the Desai security system?
No, it 's just to scare Zach in case he comes back
I told Mike I didn 't sleep last night and he brought me this
he 's so thoughtful
He 's driving around with the police looking for Z ach now
- Is it- is bent on sending that kid to prison for him
Tomorrow at school you have to let everyone know
we installed this new expensive security system
- Mom - Find a way to mention it in the conversation
- let them all know - I want to tell you something
- Emphasize that we have motion detectors - stop listening to what I 'm saying
Yesterday I heard Mike tell the police he didn 't want to sue Zach
He talks like it 's all your fault
My fault?



hello i need a paternity test
OK, then we 'll arrange an inspection for you, no, no, I don 't need an inspection
I 'm pretty sure I just wanted to comfort my husband
So you can give me a copy of someone else 's test results
I can make my own
I got photoshop for christmas
oh ok you look crazy
I think you must have had a few special situations.
Just because I like to show myself doesn 't mean I 'm going to commit adultery
Feel sorry


Paternity test results?
I understand that I am as real as you
I just found out that my doctor made a mistake and gave me a lesbian egg that was supposed to go into her lover
Now my husband panics
He thinks our kids will be gay
Well, our situation doesn 't look quite the same.
But would you like to have a cup of coffee and talk about it?
ok thank you
Well women should help each other
Don 't let a broken piece of paper ruin our lives
Yes

Apparently I 've known R ex for years
But if I want to write a compliment, I still want to hear more from my family.
Oh, what kind of opinion do you want?
he means some good stories
do you mean that pastor uh yeah but also need . . . i knew you were going to need some help
So I didn 't sleep last night
Think back to some interesting things and moments
Can make people feel the person of Reex
God how many pages did you write
1 5 pages

You don 't need to write anything more Pastor
There are some anecdotes out there that are priceless
Phyllis These are all things before R ex went to college.
what 's the matter
Don 't you think it would be better for the pastor to talk more about his married life in his eulogy?
Oh yeah of course
Of course the pastor will mention that part
Mentioning is not enough that will be the main part of him
In fact I think 3 R ex childhood anecdotes are enough, seems fair enough

It 's fine if you think it 's suitable
I just think since we 're going to focus on a certain period in his life
Why not choose the happiest time of his life?
Let 's choose the flower of the day
I know lilies are more traditional
but i think i can get you some white roses
Pastor, if you don 't say something about her overly hurtful comment
I 'm about to get mad, I don 't think she meant that
- I know what I 'm saying - ladies rex the happiest time was not his childhood
He enjoys being a husband as well as being a father and he may indeed be a happy father
But your marriage is a mess Ph hyllis , just speak up if you want to
now he is dead
He will never have the chance to be happy again

You 're not invited to funerals anymore - you 're not serious are you - yeah I 'm serious
I will hire security
Security guard with stick
they 'll beat you with a stick
Bree , it 's just a moment of grief, pastor, if you 're not on my side, I swear
I won 't have a funeral at your church
- Bree ! - I 'm not kidding
I 'll get out of religion right now and make your head spin






Susan, I heard about zach
Are you all right? - Is good Mike here? - In the house

Omg. You must be freaking out
I mean he put felica in the hospital bruised
- Did he swing you with a pistol? - No
Oh come on tell me - did he slap you - no
Don 't get me wrong, I 'm glad you 're fine. It 's just normal when someone kidnaps someone.
They 're always going to be violent
It wasn 't like that

- Didn 't even kick you a few times - E die . . .
Someone looking for you
- Hi, how are you? - very good
I heard some rumors
Said you wouldn 't sue Z ach
is it true
right
oh i kinda . . . don 't quite understand
listen to me if we make this big
he will go to jail
He 's got a gun pointed at me in the face, so I think it 's fine for him to go to jail
I 've been in prison and he can 't take it
- Who cares? - I care
you should care more about me
I 'm your girlfriend and we 're going to live together
He 's just a neighbor and you don 't know him
As far as I know, I know enough that he 's not bad by nature
Mike he tried to kill you but he didn 't
you never asked me why zach killed you
Aren 't you curious? Does it matter?
Zach said you kidnapped his dad said you were going to kill him
i didn 't kill paulyoung
I know you don 't but tell me why zach thinks you do
i found some evidence that paul killed deirdre
16 years ago deirdre gave birth to a child paul and maryaliceyoung kidnapped the child
keep him as your own
De eirdre came to wisterialane and found the child he wanted back to her
Then Paul killed her?
in fact maralice

Oh my God
M i k e ?
i took your call
is the police
I 'm Delfino Really?
ok i 'll be there in 20 minutes
Zach is dead
They asked me to identify the body


thanks for coming
His dad is missing
we don 't know who to call
are you ready




it 's not zach
Are you sure
He held a gun at me for 6 hours
I know what he looks like


- Can we have a few words in private? - Of course.



- Z ach is your son, isn 't it? - right
I 'm pretty sure how long have you known
what paulyoung told me
D eirdre was pregnant before I went to prison
Later she said she had a miscarriage, I guess she lied to me, I understand
when i took paul to the desert i was furious i was bent on making him suffer like they did to deirdre
but then he told me
he and maryalice are raising deirdre 's kids my kids
All of a sudden my anger disappeared
no more thoughts of doing stupid things
I 'll take a taxi home first, okay?



Grandma is leaving, you know, you have to talk to her
I won 't talk about it if you heard what she said to me then
I know she 's ruthless towards you
But she 's family and we have to live with it
let her say goodbye to daddy
She was so cruel to me I don 't want to see her at the funeral
Mom, I 'll never forgive you if you don 't let grandma attend the funeral.
Did I use your help?
You know very well that the rex and my marriage where daddy wants grandma to be there is not a happy one

But for 18 years I 've given my all
You should respect me for this
Of course you worked hard and I respect you too
Then why did you say that to me
I just think it 's easier to get angry with you
I can 't get mad at rex anymore
I mean how could he just leave like this?

I want you to come to the funeral
it 's so important to me bree
Thank you


Find someone to help me carry my luggage


Okay, let 's go to the living room, Tom?
what

What 's wrong with you
I stretched my back, I just played handstand with the parker
all right, lift your feet
how is it better darling can you postpone the interview
I don 't think I can take penny like this, don 't come with me, I don 't have time to call
And I made a promise to the woman that I wouldn 't interfere with my work because of the kids.
But this promise is stupid enough
I still remember that year when you were in Tusun (city) on a business trip, I had a high fever, but I still insisted on taking the children for Halloween

Dear
It 's no use Tom being a mother is like being an emergency room doctor
Wake me up without days off

Okay
gosh are you crying
Forget it
I 'm fine, let 's go, let 's go
oh it 's dying
Give them some color and see baby
you







Hi Mrs Scavo, you can go in and wait
- they 'll be there soon - good
listen to me
- my name is S tu - S tu
You should look like a smart and responsible young man
You must love children a lot, am I right?





This is E dferrara this is lynettescavo
Thank you for giving me this opportunity
nice to meet you please take a seat
thanks
we have to hurry
I need to catch a flight at five o 'clock
I got celtic venue tickets
nice resume you worked at donahues you know last year i slaughtered them on oslo candy account

Have you done a lot of copywriting? yes but when i went to work at cennandsimmons my scope of work broadened a lot
Electricity. . .
See. . .
And . . .
broadcast . . .
billboard
forgive me
Excuse me
what happened
can 't figure it out
S tu you are an idiot
You 're an idiot, pure idiot
Hi
hey guys i want you to meet penny
She is my source of inspiration
Do you bring your child to the interview? - I swear it 's just this time - of course it 's only this time N ina it 's alright
But can you quiet this little lady?
Can you give me two minutes as long as I change my diaper? I 'm sorry I have to catch a flight

Well . . . I 'll just multitask. I think so. Good job with your company.
But if you want to get to the next level, there are two things you need to focus on
First you gotta win some big prizes
Do some P.S.A.S public service or something like that
Because whether the customer admits it or not
They really care about your trophy case
second site
It 's the first thing the customer sees
Your website is too difficult to operate and you don 't have a sitemap
People who are not computer literate can 't browse your website at all
third
no third
Okay, I 'm going to say this
All right
you are hired
- Really? - Across the hallway is your office. I have to go.

oh great
ok really i 'll clean it up

In black and white, you are optimistic, it is your child


why don 't you smile
not enough
What Father 's Day card would you like?
You know that the most important thing to me is loyalty
You 're still fooling around behind my back
You know the last thing I want is children
It 's not the same thing that you still set a trap to get me pregnant
You 're damn right you 've gone too far
We 're not good men and women, are we?
We weren 't oh when we got married
I thought we would be happy
Me too
On the bright side we are still rich thank god

I thought later

I was a little rude when I was in the morgue

When you told me that zach was your son I panicked and forgot to congratulate you and congratulate me?
Yeah I know how much you 've always wanted to have a baby
You now have thanks. Obviously I 'm shocked

But no matter how you look at it, it 's good news
What 's wrong with you, it 's natural you want to
develop a good father-son relationship with him and that takes time
- a lot of time - susan and among all the troubled youth in the world
zach is the kid I can 't get along with the most
i can 't let him near julie
So what I 'm trying to say is
we can 't live together anymore
but i 'm happy for you
It 's a good thing you have a son
Can 't
no
I am sorry
I
Bye now



Today we gather here
Come to praise the life of Dr. V ande Camp
what did he bring when i left him an hour ago
His tie is ralphlauren (fashion brand)
But this is what R ex wants
He loves his prep school life
but no matter what he 's wearing
R ex always with irresistible enthusiasm
Uncompromising determination . . .
While we mourn rexvandekamp
we thank god
Thank you that our grief is not like those hopeless souls
Thank you for serving God in our hearts
etc!
Don 't cover the coffin




bring me your tie
what
give me a tie
give it to her

you look so noble


That 's how it seems to be maralice to keep zach from being taken away
Killed his biological mother oh my god
I mean I knew maryalice must have committed suicide because of something very serious but didn 't think so
Can you imagine living with that guilt isn 't it weird paul and maralice all these years
We 've been living with this secret, we don 't even notice it, I don 't think
I mean how much do we really know our neighbors
We can see their lawns are well mowed and know they bring trash cans into the house but as long as they do that we won 't ask any more
Because as long as they 're good neighbors
We don 't care what 's going on behind the door (it 's been a year since I killed myself) It 's worth thinking about, isn 't it?
(a lot has changed on Wisteria Lane)
( new flowers )
( new house )
(and new neighbors) (everyone 's ideal kind of good neighbors) (live next door)



Another hymn?
I know it 's kind of ridiculous
But playing those tunes at the funeral got me emotional
This is your grandma 's favorite
You didn 't forget the butter, I make the trays every night
isn 't it? sorry
Oh look, you put a flower
think it would be nice
How am I so lucky to have a son like you
you always think of us
That flower is a small gesture of kindness
You thought no one would notice
but you did it anyway
Explain that the godson is well
Yeah, thanks to your competent mother
thank yourself
I 'll serve the tray
you have a gun


you are so kind
