0 0 : 0 0 : 0 2 , 3 1 0 - - &gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 0 3 , 8 2 0 It 's going to be freezing outside, so you want me to warm up for the two of you . . .
Original translation with bilingual subtitles
Please visit www . YY e T s . com for the latest serial overseas movies and TV dramas. For exchange and study only, commercial profit is prohibited
No I want to get in the tub before I freeze my toes

it 's so bright
Yeah, the new neighbors installed the lights

Are you going into the water?

No, I don 't want to undress in the spotlight
This girl 's body can only be seen by candlelight
wow neighbors
We haven 't met. My name is Andy.
Good luck to you
Your new balcony is a bit of a glimpse of mine.
You guys can think about planting some trees and we can see everything
You can see it, but it doesn 't mean you have to see it
can you please turn off the light
Sorry for the motion sensor light
It will shut itself off soon, and you can stay still for a while.

what should we do about this
I think we 'll just wait until the lights turn off by themselves and I 'll have a hot, unmoving sex with you
Don 't move, it 's time to play
Translating the land outside the law, Sai Taigong is silent as Hai Sai Taigong is alone and drunk proofreading translation permission Sai Taigong
In the later period, Jia Sen’s daughter is gone and come back? Wang Ke teaches you to make a fortune in silence, director of Sina Weibo @saitaigongsheng
live
Big
burst
fry
Season 14, Episode 14
His new balcony overlooks my jacuzzi and there 's nothing we can do about it
So if the kids are fine, you can also give them sedative motion sickness pills.
Why am I sharing this with you, you 're a tongue-in-cheek

we 're not done talking
Howard 's failed relationship
I have a crisis involving the Nobel Prize to resolve.
Has the situation changed since the last time you said this?
- no- is there anything you can do
- No- then shut up or wait in the car

excuse me
Remember you guys came to see my cool new laser?
That 's right, then I 'll get in the car and wait.
The best thing about it is that it uses europium as the . . .
Andy said if we want privacy we should plant some trees
The only way I know to plant a tree is to donate a dollar and someone is planting a tree for me somewhere in Israel
Closer to home because it is based on the element of europium . . .
A meteorite I found needs help
I 'd be happy to help
It 's not you, I 'm looking for Raj
I really need the help of an astrophysicist


This is exactly the same scene in one of my dreams
Except in that dream you were Gal Gadot [beautiful actress]
I don 't have any dreams, neither in sleep nor in real life.
Anyway...
I X-rayed this meteorite and it feels like it has some sort of organic quality in it and I 'd like to invite others to see what they think
No problem, let 's go and see
Well I 'll just leave it here to show Howard . . .
I also want to see

Okay, thanks for coming here
They 're so cool

I 'm not sure if we 're here
- Is this the City Precinct? - Yes
Or 'district' as we call it here

we don 't call it that

It was Linda who just spoke
Ignore her, she 's old at a certain 'period'
What can I do for the two of you?
Our neighbor added a balcony with a view into my backyard and we wondered if we could do anything to stop him
Then you really came to the right place
A lot of people deal with this kind of thing online but I always say there 's nothing better than a human touch
don 't worry
I won 't really touch you
We 've had an educational seminar for this
We just want some privacy in the backyard
you know . . . to . . .
Maybe we should do it online
No, it 's a place where you can share with peace of mind
Stop saying 'district'
So is there anything we can do
Of course, do you know if they have permission to add balconies?
I don 't know. We still hope you can help us check.
I could indeed just need you to fill out a form
We have Armenian Chinese here
Tables in Cambodian, English, Persian, Korean, Spanish and Vietnamese
Obviously we want an English version
We do not allow preconceptions
Another insightful seminar on this
Do we just need to fill out that form?
Not only do you have to fill it out first and then take it to the building permit bureau
If your neighbours don 't have a permit you can file a formal complaint but if they have a permit you have to file that the balcony has
Evidence of obstruction of interest, encumbrance or encroachment of land
And you have to decide which one
Because those are three completely different forms
I 'm starting to feel like it 's too much work and it 's not worth it.
Yes, that is to say


- are you all right - all right
That 's good because you just got this row of Batman.
sorry i . . .
Now you also bought Aquaman Good Sight
If you want cold medicine
Stewart has a full line of a certain brand of cold medicine containing a rare misprint from 1996
What can I say I 'm a collector

Thanks but I 'm fine, it 's probably just an allergy
- hello everyone - here you come

Say it first
If Aquaman Wet Wasn 't Special Marketing
Leonard sneezed on it
- Are you sick - it 's probably just an allergy
you listen to me
This meteorite that Burt found is awesome
We did a spectroscopic analysis of it. . . there 's definitely a lot of mystery in it
Well . . . you can cut it open with my new laser if you want.
Thanks for the kindness, but Bert has this water-cooled diamond saw
ok but with my laser you get thinner slices so the sample quality is better
You don 't mean to cut open a meteorite, do you?
Didn 't you learn any lessons from the comics?
space virus alien

All I sell here are bloody warnings.
Calm down, Stewart
you 're a little nervous
Does he have any nerves
Or is he the only one with a sane mind there?
It 's great that they can find each other
Yeah, by the way, do you want to use my laser?
Sorry this is Bert 's project
He wants to do it his way so . . .
Row
It 's fine
I just think it 's kind of stupid not to have a laser
It 's as stupid as unleashing a space plague, but what do we know?
do not understand anything
We spent half a day soaking in the city planning bureau today and nothing was solved
We have to go back again tomorrow
Planning Bureau? You two are so happy
This guy asked me to go buy ice cream and talk about her day
Spoiler alert she 's okay
Where is it? I 'm stuck in the elevator
I may have missed a little detail
That 's when my ice cream bottom started leaking
We have to download those forms and fill them out
We all understand that you are very happy, stop showing off.

yeah, don 't be happy
Is one of the forms numbered 5 9 9 B/C?

If so, what a typo?
I have no idea
Okay I don 't want to spoil anything but you guys better start practicing your 'humble name'
Sheldon if you like this kind of stuff
- why don 't you go with us - or for us
are you sincere
It 's not too late, you can 't take back my promise

Amy 's feeling trapped in the elevator might be your peak mood today.
What about Raj?
He 's working with Burt on a project
Guess they 're using a stupid diamond saw to cut through that stupid meteorite

- Are you all right? - All right, just a little runny nose
Possibly a small cold
hand soap
hand soap
hand soap
hand soap
Does anyone want to refill hand sanitizer?
really bad
I know it must be more efficient to use my laser
They will waste a lot of meteorites due to cutting losses
I feel bad that your friend doesn 't play cutting with you
Don 't talk like you 're coaxing a child
It means grey
Then why not just say 'grey'?
Are you sure you 're not just jealous?
No way my way is better but they don 't even think about it
That 's their loss, you go to bed first
- I 'll go out and get you some medicine. - No need.
Stewart gave me a little while I was at the comic store
don 't you take the medicine from Stewart?
Doesn 't every medicine matter to him?
he has a lot
How big is his pillbox?
Then you go to bed first
i sleep on the sofa tonight
Don 't, don 't, don 't you go to bed
That 's even better. Happy dream slug
See what I mean?
Yes
This is textbook land grabbing.
I 'm sure it 's because I have that textbook
what about the first edition
See what happens if you move
oh my god you 're not fooling
If that 's light, it 's 10,000 lumens of light
As the saying goes, when life gives you lumen light, you make lumen water

is this a joke
Yes
The joke comes from the luminous flux unit 'lumen' sounds like 'lemon'?
Yes
so funny
What is the scale of building setbacks in your area?
I do not know
When you build this platform, it will be written on the license.
This platform my dad built
We didn 't apply for a license
It 's going to happen
what do you mean
I 'm standing on a permissionless platform
Sheldon has been covering for years and it 's fine.
Why didn 't the inspector raise a warning when he came to your house to inspect the bathroom renovation?

You 're not telling me I 've ever showered in an unchecked bathroom, are you?
Did you take a shower in our house
you let me hold your baby what do you want me to do

Knowing the face but not the heart
You know their hearts, Sheldon
But is it true? Do we really know people 's hearts?
Yes
Amy, they 're rule breakers
Do you know what we should do with rule breakers?
Complaining to your partner constantly until your partner can 't bear to drive into the opposite car
You can 't cross the double yellow line
Do you think it 's the movie 'Human Removal Project'?
So I don 't think you 're going to help them anymore
I want to help them help them fall into law-abiding arms
You can 't report them
The city government will let them tear down all the renovations and re-build it
By then your friendship with them will be ruined
What can I choose the law is the law
Sheldon, I beg you, don 't do this
Do you know who wouldn 't apply for a license for the platform?

Animals have no platform
is that right then i send you a word beaver
Bertraj


Can 't believe they 're going to use this junk diamond saw
damn
Line up here for you to see
'Humble Name'
- next - hello
hello welcome to district
so funny
I also have a joke in return for you
Lumen water
Maybe I 'm wrong. How can I help you?
If I know someone is violating building regulations
should i report them
This question is interesting
I know because on the one hand
Confucius said that our responsibility to those close to us is greater than our responsibility to the society as a whole
But on the other hand Socrates said that we must obey all laws even unjust ones
Besides, if we treat breaking the rules as child 's play
should I . . . when will it end?
For me it 's 5 o 'clock
I don 't know what to do
I can only tell you the building regulations are for the safety of all
You mean I have no choice but to report them
I didn 't say it but would you say it
Don 't forget your 'mere' jokes, but I have a side
That 's not a joke at all

Is that Linda in the back?
Yes
Are her menopausal hot flashes any better?

what do you do leonard
to show you this is a better way
Stop what 's inside is dangerous


and beautiful
what is this
How are you
I 'm fine just feel a little...
Hungry

stop eating bert
keep eating bert

- Leonard - what 's up

you have a nightmare
thank goodness
I dreamed of eating my two friends
It should be a friend and an acquaintance
Bert is a good friend too.

let me see if you have a fever
burns badly
omg are you ok
Depends what color my eyes are
i don 't know brown
not green etc. brown

good i woke up
Andy is looking for you
Hello
what 's the matter
can you come over
Shelton platform is safe and you can walk up

Hurt people to be careful, liver thumping
what 's the matter
I went to the building permit bureau to report you
Are you kidding
but i didn 't report
I found the unwritten rules of friendship while filling out the form than the city of Altadena
The written regulations of the zoning and planning department are much more important
Do you need to be moved?
I 'm sure you 'll be happy to hear when I 'm there
I checked that your neighbor 's balcony is indeed encroaching on your land.
My urge to report you was going nowhere so I gave him a hard report and what did they say
he has to dismantle
Did the good guys win?
I don 't know if I can call you good people
You imposed the law on him but you deliberately did not obey the law yourself
All right
So the immoral person wins
obviously yes
Now who of you take me home
I want to use my toilet
What 's wrong with my toilet
sorry i want to live
do you have time
Leonard, I told you, we don 't use your laser
all we need is terri bullard saw
This is the name I named the saw with the homophonic name of the star
no i want to apologize for what happened yesterday
I think I 'm jealous
Sheldon and Amy could win a Nobel Prize now you guys have such a cool meteorite project
- really you are jealous of us - yes

I even had crazy dreams in which I ate both of you
Really
I know it 's exaggerated

who did you eat first
you
very good

so comfortable
Do you think he knows we gave him out?
- Who cares - I care that the wife I 've met is nice
sorry for the voice neighbors
It does not matter
Do you know Sheldon Cooper?
Unrecognized
Is it my imagination or is the store empty for a few hours?
It 's eerily quiet
no one on the street
really weird
do you think the same as mine
They cut the meteorite and unleashed a cosmic plague
exactly
i locked the door
ok what do we do
If the worst happens and we 're the last two big living, we 'll have to . . . we 'll have to rebuild civilization
do you have any special skills i can draw

And you
i can play the clarinet
I don 't know
blow for ten years

May also rely on the two of us to reproduce the earthlings
I have no opinion

do you want to start
wait, i 'm going to brush my teeth first
Sorry we are closed
Close of business
I will give you bad reviews online
