0 0 : 0 0 : 0 1 , 0 0 0 - - &gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 0 3 , 0 0 0 Foreword She is his wife and he deserves to know all the facts
She deserted her husband and son I will never forgive her
This is an old-fashioned question, isn 't it?
How well do we want to know our neighbors?
You 're going to cancel the meeting with the lawyer and go to a marriage counselor
- I 'm Mike D elfino - Susan Mayer I live across the street
If you want to date him you should ask him out
I 've been hoping he 'd come and invite me I hate the way you talk to me
I 'm so sorry I spent $15,000 on your diamond necklace

- So do you love him? - Of course.
So what are we doing here? Why are we doing this?
Because I don 't want to wake up one morning suddenly wanting to slap my head

After my death I hand over the parts of myself that I no longer need
my desires beliefs ambitions doubts . . .
Every trace of human nature is discarded. When I traveled through the afterlife, I found
That allows me to travel light In fact I only have one thing left
It 's amazing how my memory looks back at the world behind me
I remember everything
every detail
Like my friend Bree V an D e K amp I remember her relaxed calm smile Her graceful hands
her graceful gentle voice
But what impresses me most about Bree is . . . R ex that 's cute isn 't it . . .
The fear in her eyes Bree has begun to realize that her world is falling apart For a woman who is perfect in everything
that is unacceptable
R ex R ex you should be up
It 's not yet dawn
please hurry up if the kids see you sleeping here they will start asking some questions

let them ask i don 't mind anymore
But I mind they shouldn 't be under the pressure of our marital problems and we should at least try to be decent while we work through these things

oh yes decent
I keep forgetting to be decent
Oh R ex you look tired
I can not sleep
This damn thing is so uncomfortable so why don 't you move back upstairs to our bedroom?

Bree We are consulting a marriage counselor
I don 't want to be misunderstood
only. . .
I miss you
I know
Of course if I can 't figure out a way to fall asleep quickly
I 'll be exhausted and forced to move back upstairs yeah Bree scared of a lot of things
But if there 's anything she 's not afraid of . . .
That 's the challenge
Honorary production
Translation: hepburnlss Proofreading: hepburnlss

Nice little photo from Season 1, Episode 3
Another ordinary day as usual at Wisterialane
Started with a cup of coffee and a morning paper, wait for me . . . while Lynette was reading the economy
Gabrielle plans fall acquisitions
Bree was thinking about interior decorating ideas Susan browsed the front page and saw some
something that caught her attention


what time is it?
Don 't be such a jerk, I brought some snacks here
Lynette these cards are sticky
I know that P reston took three diamonds and scraped the jam out of the jar
Too 'good' fortunately we still have 49 cards to play
- hi sorry i 'm late - hi
By the way, Susan and I are telling everyone that I want to have a dinner party
- Really? - Of course
We 've lived here together for so long but we 've never done a big thing together
I think that 's a good idea
Paul doesn 't like having a lot of people at home, but I 'll do it anyway.
When will it be done?
How about a month later?
That is, will everyone be free on the 16th?
I have no problem what should we prepare?
Oh no, I 'll prepare this time
I 've been looking forward to this opportunity to invite you all over
I 'm so glad it finally came true
that would be great
Hi
i know her dinner party
How could we forget this?
We didn 't forget that the dinner was cancelled just with the death of the hostess
L y n e t t e
It 's not that I 'm being rude, it 's just the truth
It 's sad that Mary Alice was so looking forward to this dinner
I think we 'll keep doing it
Are you serious? Wouldn 't that be vulgar?
No, that can be considered our memory of Mary Alice. It used to mean so much to her.
we can have a nice night
Well, well, I just happen to have some new flour that I haven 't had a chance to show.
L y n e t t e ?
- Count me in - I make braised lamb shanks
count me
So how many people will attend?
Seven three couples and Susan, okay?
Doesn 't sound like a big, big problem
- Oh? - Who else do you want to invite?

i have an idea
a dinner
Honey maybe I 'm working late D illman 's advice is a mess
no no you promised to be at home every night this week
I 'll try my best but I can 't guarantee anything it 's business
The prince said this and drove the horse away into the sunset.
It 's true in the movie
Do you know what your problem is?
You are so nervous you should go to a spa or go shopping
find a way to relax


Hey ?
Where are you ?
take algebra class
Are you free at 4 o 'clock?
I 'm not sure I 'm going to race track after class
Okay, get here asap
my husband said i need to relax
Do you want me to wear my tracksuit like last time?
if you can
A dinner party ?
yeah that would be interesting
Bree is in charge, everyone will come
You know what, I haven 't had time to unload my luggage yet, honey
I 'm just um I just want to be quiet for a few days
Oh Tom, there will be wine and snacks at dinner, adults without children, and silverware

Remember silverware?
Can you help me get this in, honey?
Did you hear what I just said? yeah sorry i just... i 'm so tired
Three cities in six days . . . my head is big and I 'm not ready for a dinner party
I 've found a babysitter
Can it still be cancelled?
Please let us stay at home tomorrow night we can buy a bottle of wine and rent a tape
And I- I just want to be with the girl I love the most
This is what I thought
I was so looking forward to spending a night away
i know sweetie i 'm sorry but . . .
I 'm so tired
Do you remember the days of working 60 hours a week?
A dinner party? Do I have to go?
Since it 's us hosting I 'd say yes
By the way you can 't drink at dinner
Why not? Because every time you drink you start talking more
I don 't want people to know we were consulting with Dr. Goldfine
If you can deal with them half the time you spend covering them up . . . don 't drink a drop
This - this is ridiculous
And what about our tennis lessons?
Your nurses may already be wondering why you 're absent three times a week
That excuse for taking tennis lessons looks good
Well, in our tennis lessons... how are we doing?
My backhand is improving fast but you still have a big problem with your serve
Of course a dinner party ?
Tomorrow night so can you take Julie one more day
Okay, but just one day, Brandi and I are leaving on Sunday for a week in the woods
What wood hut?
Brandi is looking for a place away from the hustle and bustle
E scrow just closed yesterday
You have the money to live in a wood cabin but don 't have enough money for child support?
Check has been mailed
oh no not yet
I found my mouthguard and I can go
Stop arguing, we 've been treating each other as kindly as possible.
Like I said just now, stop fighting

sorry Brandi
do you mind . . .
Oh well
Wait a minute Susan you 're right there you can pick it up
I can but she throws things
Please don 't be rude and pick up that damn can.
no way
I 'll pick it up
Darling, don 't get involved
All right
This is a typical relationship between you and me.
Oh, I 'm sorry, that 's a joke too?
You know what you can pick up that damn jar yourself
yes die to you
Do you want me to pick it up?
Um. . .
Mrs Warmington said she was looking for her mum 's obituary but couldn 't find it
Did you put it in the newspaper?
Z ack I 'm thinking about other things
But how can you not get an obituary? People will think we don 't care about her
I don 't think people have a lot of ideas
Don 't worry you never talked about her
She died a month before you completely forgot about her as if she wasn 't there at all
It 's too early to talk about this
Maybe when you die
I won 't make an obituary for you
That 's up to you
If you could live longer than me
Mom it 's no big deal
Carlos and I will come to the baptism
That 's fine, that 's fine
You follow Aunt Maria and I 'll take Nana to church
take off your clothes
Um
Okay, I have something to hang up the phone, right now, mom
Okay, you 'll tell me how to go later. Bye
Hi, how was your school day?
got an A in biology exam -
real ?
great let 's see what you 've learned
Who is that ?
I have no idea
Hi !
Did Mike say something?
No but you should really see his expression
I 'm sure it won 't be that bad
I mean he 's coming to the party, right?
I left three messages
oh he won 't come as i thought
I 've said anything bad except that I don 't spit. Oh my god I hate myself for doing that.
It seems like every time I get within 10 feet of Karl and I become like a monster
You know what that doesn 't change until you fix your problem with him
What? You said you wanted me to forgive him?
This pain has been with me for too long without it makes me feel lonely
Have a pet dear
goodbye
- motherfucker . . . - it was a business meeting
Is a fraternity reunion area manager company manager in charge of sales

Margarita Wine Cigar Sombrero
All right
What do you want me to do darling watch cable TV all day in the hotel? Not only when I say
'We were invited to a party' Don 't use the hard work of a 60-hour week as an excuse
Put on a nice dress and take your wife out for a good time


ok you 're right
let 's go to that party
Nope, I 've canceled the babysitter. Okay, let 's do it next time.
Have a dinner party?
I don 't even have time to wash my face
Don 't you know what I think?
I 'm going to attend this
You can stay at home and take care of the children
OK
i can do it
thanks
Gabrielle spent the morning searching for the mysterious little girl
Unfortunately the mystery was solved too early
Hi
What are you talking about ?
Have you seen Ashley?
I found it!
Baby, this is Sheila Bukowski, our neighbor, they just moved into Miller 's old house
I 'm so sorry my daughter threw the ball in your yard
oh oh no . . . it doesn 't matter
nice to meet you A shley
She 's shy and doesn 't talk much
Yeah, but I can tell she 's active in her head
Very happy to see you
come on A shley
Private talk? I don 't understand why we should have a private talk?
Talking alone allows us to address each of our personal issues
oh i don 't have any personal problems
My only problem is that my husband is leaving me and how do I fix it if he is not there?
I have something to say to Dr. Goldfine and I don 't want you here
Why not? I 'm your wife you can say anything in front of me we just need a few more conversations I 'm sure we can . . .
Damn Bree
No amount of talking is useless
Our problems can 't be solved by talking
Shall we do this?
R ex you come half an hour ago
Bree, you 'll be fine in half an hour, doctor
If he wants to talk about adultery, prostitution or internet pornography
I really hope you can scold him harshly
Hi A shley
Remember me? We . . . we met earlier
Oh
You are such a little artist
what are those . . . flamingos ?
no
They 're so pretty they look like they 're kissing
The funny thing about kissing is that . . . it 's not just for husbands and wives
Sometimes we kiss mom or grandfather
Sometimes we even kiss our dog hehe
Sometimes we even kiss our friends
It 's like a high-five with your lips, right? Hehe
hmmm . . . hi Ash
I saw this in the mall
i think you might like her she 's hawaiian and her name is princess Kahalua
I think that means 'small waterfall' or 'big pond' or whatever
All right
So we 're even, right?
All right
Nice to have fun with your new buddies
Let me know if you want anything else
what i really want is
a bicycle
where did you find it ?
she killed herself with this
why do you keep it?
why ?
Because I think maybe we 'll need it one day
For what? Self-defense
i want to talk about my mother
You should take medicine
Let 's talk about mom
Hi Zack
Hope it doesn 't get in your way. Is there anything Mrs. Van D e K amp can do for you?
I want to invite you and your father to dinner tomorrow
I don 't know where he is now oh sorry to inform you so late but we 're not sure if you and your dad are in the mood for a social event
But we 're organized in honor of your mother
Really? Yeah, just relax together
We 'll have a bite to eat and talk about some interesting things about your mother
Z ack . Are you all right ?
嗨 B ree
oh hi paul i just . . .
I heard
Thanks but we already have plans for tomorrow
Oh what a pity
ok i gotta go
Thank you Mrs V an D e K amp
For what Zack?
In memory of my mother that night Paul gave his son something to soothe his nervousness
The next day Gabrielle gave her new best friend something to ease her nerves
Gives you high spec 3x shifting aluminium frame with ribbon on handle and a bell

You 'll find this royal blue matches your pretty little eyes
my eyes are green
Yeah but no one will notice when you 're galloping
it 's yours darling
have a good time
what? what 's wrong?
I don 't know how to ride a bike what?
So why do you want a car?
you can teach me
someday soon
Why can 't it be now?
After talking to Lynette, Susan decided to look at her old photo album
She began to see herself in new eyes
And those pictures didn 't make her happy
hello i 'm Karl please leave a message
hi Karl it 's me i hope you are um listen we need to talk
Maybe when you bring Julie over tomorrow
we can talk for a while
something important
to Brandi for me . . .
say hello
Call me
Susan is proud of himself
She was finally able to let go of her anger
maybe just . . .
almost able
The kids get hungry at 5:30
So put the fish sticks in the oven at 5 o 'clock
- Bake for 30 minutes - I see you 've said it thrice honey
good if the food is late only god can help you good I don 't need an instruction manual
It 's not brain surgery
for god 's sake they 're just kids
P reston can you come over here? ok dear
You know how we eat dim sum right? Yes we have to eat it after 5 o 'clock because sugar makes us high
Yeah but tonight there 's no restraint
Make sure you share it with your brother
thank you mom




don 't look at your feet don 't look at your feet
Look at the road Look at the road
OK
keep balance keep balance
Okay that 's it! Well done!
Okay stay on the right side be careful not to hit the car
Watch out for cars! Watch out for cars!
Oh my god
Oh! Are you all right? Yes again
My heels are broken (I can 't play with you anymore)
how about tomorrow ?
you can 't be here tomorrow you should go to school
I 'm homeschooling I 'm always free
It was at that moment that Gabrielle realized that this cycling lesson was far from over
coming !
Karl what are you doing here? I asked you to come tomorrow
You said you wanted to talk about what sounded important
Tomorrow! I 'm just wrapped in a towel
We have been married for 14 years
I know what 's going on down there
I 'm not ready, I was going to have everything I wanted to say ready
Brandi and I have plans for tomorrow
I suggest you just improvise
hmm ok so so Karl . . .
I was thinking about what happened in the driveway yesterday
I- I just don 't want to... I don 't want to live like that I don 't want to be like that
And I think if the two of us you know if we can have a nice chill out . . .
I want you to apologize Karl what?
I want you to apologize for ending our marriage like this
you were never responsible for your actions
I don 't know what to say Susan
What does it mean to obey your will?
i 'm in love with someone else
When you 're already married to someone else, do it your way
Yeah I want to hurt you in my heart but I can control myself I- I really don 't want to go back to that unpleasant situation
I suggest you ask for some help if you want
do you know
I don 't need an apology
i don 't want anything from you
you are humiliating yourself
You are the one who won 't be humiliated, Karl Why don 't you understand? You left your wife and daughter behind
People will think you 're a scum and not me
So worry about yourself, I 'm fine
I can walk down the street with my head held high
As the sun slowly sets over Wisterialane
At a loss, Susan racked his brains to figure out how to get back to his home.

lying naked in the bushes of her house
Susan thought this might be the most humiliating moment of her life
Susan ? She was wrong
Um what are you doing?
locked myself out . . .
Red bare ground
Oh and then I fell again How are you now?
very good
I just came back
I 've been out all day and just saw your message about dinner
Well, if that invitation is still valid, I 'd like to go.
It was a date. I um. . .
I guess I can dress however I want
yes yes . . . feel free to dress as you like
Thank you for helping me open the door. Can you forget what happened just now?
decide as things go
If you 'pin' yourself there you might want to wear a pair of gloves . . . or a pair of pants so it doesn 't sting
Well I know that 's interesting in theory
But I don 't want to joke about it just yet so please don 't joke
hey where have you two been?
Well, Susan can 't find anything to wear
Oh is that so?
Pretty much the kids are jumping up and down? Um
Nice I think you 'll have a way to put them to bed Tom
I said Tom for god 's sake they 're just kids
hi are you all right ?
Yes I - I went jogging today
I think I 'm running a little too much oh you might not be wearing the right shoes
yeah i thought so too

Gabrielle said you and Bree have classes three times a week
Well I 'm considering whether to start playing tennis again I mean that sport is awesome

Oh, yes
My smashing technique needs some tweaking
Can you give me your coach 's phone number? Of course I 'll give you later which club does he work for?
Um. . .
we- we didn 't actually go to tennis lessons carlos
you didn 't go?
That 's made up Bree made this up to cover up the fact that we were consulting a marriage counselor
B r e e   . . .
B r e e . . .
He 's been asking about tennis coaches
Bree and I are consulting with a marriage counselor
Now everyone knows our secret
Has the sky fallen?
Has your life become a mess?
please take your place
start serving

It 's now 55 degrees with a 4 mph northwesterly wind
We now switch to Rich who is covering us live from Westbrook
Had a horrific discovery in Westbrook today a box was found by a local businessman and his grandson while fishing in Rockwater Lake
Investigators found what looked like human skeletons in a wooden box
A police spokesman said the body was . . .





ok i think i should break the silence here it 's no big deal you guys are consulting a marriage counselor
Do you know what shame is? I tell you what shame is
I locked myself out completely naked and happened to be spotted by Mike
Oh my gosh when did it happen?
just before the party today
What can I say? happened to come across
I think I 'm the most outrageous being kicked out of Disneyland for indecent behavior
What? When is this happening?
Things got out of hand on Mr. Toad 's Wild Ride when Tom and I first got married
Are you kidding me? Of course we don 't walk down America 's Main Street like criminals.

Since we are doing sincere repentance
Carlos and I broke a waterbed at Cancoon
How did you do it?
He used to have a fetish for heels on high heels
I just want to make it clear . . . she wears them
R ex cries after ejaculation


Do you think we left too early?
I think we left too late
So is R ex going to leave home permanently?
I have no idea
God I don 't want that
Their relationship is always a bit tense but I 've never seen them like that but then again, how can I judge people?
You mean you shouldn 't comment on others in a similar situation ?
You know I 'm just annoyed with Karl
He treated me so badly in those last days
I can 't shake that feeling maybe he did you a big favor
What 's the meaning ?
Let 's think of Karl as the beginning of a marriage . . . like boot camp makes you better prepared for your next marriage
M i k e . . .
About seeing me naked I . . .
I don 't . . . I just wanted to thank you for being such a gentleman
oh i 'm not a perfect gentleman i might have sneaked a peek
Good night
Well what I see deserves a . . .
Oh



Hi
How was your evening?
We 've got a bunch of little terrorists, you know that, right?
Oh you 're not having a good time?
Okay, I said you stop pretending!
I know you gave them cookies
Oh anyway who screwed up?
P o r t e r
Oh
How was your um dinner? Had a dinner but not so happy
Ahhh what 's wrong? I don 't know Re ex told everyone that he and Bree were consulting a marriage counselor
And she 's taking revenge for exposing Reex 's old story. I don 't want to talk about what she said right now.
As a result he left in a rage
Looks like there will be trouble in heaven too
Honestly I 'm not surprised
why ?
I don 't know I just never thought they were really happy
Are we happy?
OMG OMG I saw that expression on Reex 's face all the time and he left like that
some night
If I had sex with that woman I would probably cry too I mean you see a guy being humiliated like that and you wonder why he just let her go
Trust me if a woman humiliates me in public like that
uh . . then she 's done
where are you going ?
I would stay at the motel intercontinental hotel where the price is more affordable and close to your work
very good
I 'm packing your swimsuit
There 's a swimming pool there I know swimming makes you feel relaxed
What do you say when our kids ask me where I am?
Um. . .
I 'll tell them you went to tennis camp
I 'm kidding
Yeah, I know
ok
Of course if you forget something you can come right back and get it
ok i will call your r ex

in college when we first started dating
people are jealous of us
we are a great couple
Everyone knows we have such a wonderful life. Why is it like this now?
'Cause you won 't even let me pack my suitcase







ok bye have fun
Hi
where are you going ?
Wait a moment
mother ?
Don 't worry I won 't add fuel to the fire
Hi Brandi, can you move it a little?
Move it a little thanks. What are you doing?
I 'll be fine soon Brandi I 'm sorry I treated you the way I used to be
I 've been mad at both of you before
Now I realize I can 't live in anger anymore
So whether you apologize or not
I 'm back on my feet



Mrs Mayer ?
B randi B randi get in the car to Mrs Mayer
please call me Susan
I just wanted to let you know that what happened between me and Karl got a little out of hand

Because I thought your marriage was over
anyway i just want you to know i 'm sorry i 'm really sorry
thanks
Although from the mouth of an unexpected person
Susan finally got the apology she wanted
hey i 'll get those
You 're wearing a really big hat yeah listen the kids are watching the video
That means we only have about 4.5 minutes before they find a live broadcast.
I think we should use this time as much as possible
By reliving the night with your friends ?
L y n e t t e . . .
I 'm trying

You look ridiculous in that hat
Sexy funny ?
Maybe
I accept this . . .
Maybe


You have to know that this problem is not something you can solve overnight
I know
aha
Looks like we have an audience
let them see
as long as they don 't try to intervene




Doctor Goldfine
Bree We didn 't have an appointment to meet now? I don 't have time to make an appointment

R ex moved out today oh so sorry to hear the bad news
But unfortunately my reservation is full now
I don 't take up a lot of your time it 's just that you seem more to my situation than myself
know more i just want to . . .
Bree we can 't talk about this right now If you could tell me what he told you I could fix it

I can 't do that, it 's totally unprofessional
why can 't you . . .
My next appointment is coming and you must leave
Doctor Goldfine please
Wait a minute I 'll go talk to my client

Bree scoured Rex tapes to find out why
She did find out why
But it 's the cause of a completely different problem
I totally understand
I . . . I 'll be fine right away

Bree sorry he can 't wait
But I can see you first at 8 tomorrow morning
8 o 'clock
sorry to bother you
goodbye

yes i remember the world . . . every detail
And what impressed me most was how scared I was at the time
What a waste. You see, life in fear is not life at all.
I wish I could tell this to the people 'behind me'
But would that work? Probably not. I see now . . .
There are always people who dare to face their fears . . .
And there will always be people who choose to escape the pretty little pics from Season 1, Episode 3
