


 Elsie , what 's the matter ?
 Elsie !
 So , Watson .
 Hmm .
 You do not propose to invest in South African securities ?
 How on earth do you know that ?
 Now , confess , you are utterly taken aback . I am !
 I should make you sign a paper to that effect .
 Why ?
 Because in a few minutes you will say it is all so absurdly simple .
 I should say nothing of the kind !
 You see , my dear Watson , it is not really difficult to construct a series of inferences , each dependent upon its predecessor and each simple in itself .

 If , after doing so , one simply knocks out the central inferences and presents one 's audience with the starting point and the conclusion , one may produce a startling , though possibly a meretricious , effect .

 I can tell by an inspection of the groove between your left forefinger and thumb , that you have decided not to invest your small capital in the gold fields .
 I can see no connection .
 Very likely not ; but I can quickly give you a close connection .
 Here are the missing links in the very simple chain :
 You had chalk between your forefinger and thumb when you returned from the club last night .
 You put chalk there when you play billiards , to ease the cue .
 You never play billiards except with Thurston .
 Now , Thurston , you told me , four weeks ago , had an option on some South African security which expired in a month , and which he desired you to share with him .
 Your checkbook is locked in my drawer , and you have not asked for the key .
 So , you do not propose to invest your money in that manner .
 How absurdly simple !
 Quite so .
 Every problem is absurdly simple when it is explained to you . Bum , bum , bum , bum .
 Holmes , why are you so cheerful ?
 You 're unemployed , you have no case to solve .
 Now , normally that produces black moods and the infernal lethargy of the cocaine bottle .
 You have not used the logical principles which I constantly expound .

 Sherlock Holmes is cheerful , so , Sherlock Holmes must have a case .
 Pa !
 See what you can make of that , friend Watson .
 Why , Holmes , it 's a child 's drawing . Ah , is that your idea ?
 Well , what else should it be ?
 Well , that is what a Mr. Hilton Cubitt , of Ridling Thorpe Manor , Darbyshire , is anxious to know .
 That conundrum came by the first post , and he is to follow by the next train .
 Hilton Cubitt .
 No , no , I have already looked him up , Watson .
 His family has owned land in Darbyshire for over 500 years , so I presume that Mr. Cubitt is as respectable as he is worthy .
 With a fresh face , an open countenance , and wearing a brown bowler hat .
 Oh , no , you cannot possibly know that . Really , Holmes ?

 Uh , you will stay and keep a record of the case ?
 My dear fellow .
 Thank you , Mrs. Hudson . This way , Mr. Cubitt .

 Mr. Sherlock Holmes . Hilton Cubitt .
 And this is my friend and colleague , Dr. Watson .
 Dr. Watson , sir . How do you do ?
 Do sit down , Mr. Cubitt .
 Thank you .
 So , what do you make of it , gentlemen ? This thing .
 Have you had time to study it ?
 Absurd little figures dancing in a line , it 's a childish prank .
 Why do you attach importance to something so trivial ? I don 't , Mr. Holmes .
 I -- I never should .
 No , it 's -- it 's -- it 's my wife , you see .
 She --
 Go on , Mr. Cubitt , you 're with friends .
 But it 's -- it 's frightened her almost to death .
 She says nothing , tries to appear normal , but I 've never seen anyone so upset .
 In white chalk on a garden seat , it is a precise copy ? Oh , it 's as exact as I could make it .
 I did think it might be the stable boy , but the lad denied it .
 If there 's any danger threatening my wife , Mr. Holmes ,
 I 'd spend my last penny to protect her .
 Do sit down , Mr. Cubitt .
 Do you smoke , Mr. Cubitt ? Uh , yes .
 Uh , no , no , no , I won 't , thank you .
 Tell us about your wife , Mr. Cubitt .
 Well , uh , I 've always lived in Darbyshire ,
 Ridling Thorpe Manor , near Matlock .
 I was a bachelor and thought I 'd remain one until three years ago I came down to London on a visit .
 It 's a rare thing for me , but -- well , I had a mind to see the Queen 's Golden Jubilee .
 I put up at a boardinghouse in Russell Square , because Parker , he 's the vicar of our parish , he was staying there .
 There was also a young American lady staying there ,
 Patrick was her name , Elsie Patrick .
 We were both alone , and we became friends , did the sites and that .
 At your expense ?
 Certainly not .
 Are you suggesting --
 No , he 's not , Mr. Cubitt , not at all .
 Was this Miss Elsie Patrick in London merely for the Jubilee ?
 No , no , no , she 'd been here some time .
 She 'd tired of America , traveled about , and finally settled in England .
 Well , not to make a labor of it , before my holiday was over ,
 I was as much in love as any man ever has been .
 To my surprise and joy , she -- she reciprocated my feelings , and we were married .
 Excellent .
 Quietly , in a -- in a Register Office .
 You think I 'm mad , Mr. Holmes , taking a wife in such a fashion , knowing nothing about her ?
 Explain , Mr. Cubitt , and come to the point !
 Oh , uh , yes , in fact , it was on the very day of our marriage .
 Nothing could have made me unhappy , nothing on that day .
 But now I look back , it was odd .
 Elsie ?
 There is something I have to say to you , Hilton .
 We don 't want to be late , my dear .
 I 've put it off till now .
 But I must still give you the chance to change your mind .
 Elsie , what in the world ?
 Let me finish !
 And what I say , I do mean .
 I love you dearly , but you know nothing of my life before we met .
 I never asked .
 One of the things which has made me so fond of you .
 If you marry me , Hilton , I promise you marry a woman who has nothing personally to be ashamed of .
 But you 'll have to take my word for it , and allow me to be silent forever as to my life before we met .
 If that 's too much to ask , then you must go back to your Darbyshire and leave me to the lonely life in which you found me .
 It 's little enough to ask , and I shall never let you go .
 These have been the happiest three years of my life .
 And when did the first cloud cover the sun of this great happiness ?
 You have a way of putting things , Mr. Holmes .
 And you have a way of prevaricating with your answers , Mr. Cubitt .
 Well , it was , uh , some months ago , May in fact .
 Hilton ? !
 Hello !
 Here , in the drawing room !
 Well , what do you think ?
 Yes , great improvement !
 Thank you , Saunders .
 I met the postman , saved him a journey .
 Here 's a bill .
 Here 's one for you , an American stamp , Chicago .
 Oh !
 I hope lunch is ready , I 'm ravenous .
 She burned the letter , unopened ?
 Yes , I don 't know why . Of course you don 't .
 America is her past , and the subject of a solemn promise .
 Yes , but she 's not had an easy hour from that moment .
 If only she 'd trust me .
 Now , I have every faith in her , you must believe that .
 Whatever there was in her past , I 'm sure it 's no fault of hers . And the dancing men ?

 Oh , yes , well , I thought she was getting over the letter , and then these -- these drawings appeared .
 It 's just a childish scrawl , but it made everything worse than before .
 Well , I couldn 't just leave it .
 And it wasn 't the sort of thing I could take to the police for they would have laughed at me , so I 've come to you .
 Don 't you think , Mr. Cubitt , that your best plan would be to make a direct appeal to your wife , and ask her to share her secret with you ?
 A promise is a promise , Mr. Holmes .
 If Elsie wishes to tell me , then she will .
 But I have no right to force a confidence .
 However , I do feel entitled to take my own line , and I will .
 Then I will help you with all my heart .
 Have you seen or heard of any strangers in the neighborhood ? No , no , I haven 't .
 Some of the farmers take in lodgers , but I 've not heard of any lately .
 Then I suggest that you return to Darbyshire , Mr. Cubitt , and keep a sharp lookout .
 And make an exact copy of any fresh dancing men that may appear .
 Thank you , Mr. Holmes . I will .
 Oh , and Mr. Cubitt , this letter which started your wife 's torment , you are quite certain that it was from the United States ?
 Yeah , the postmark was Chicago .
 Goodbye !
 And don 't worry .
 It 's perfectly natural she should receive a letter from America , she 's from America .
 Yes , but it is not natural to throw it onto the fire unopened .
 Ah .
 It 's beginning to look like semaphore .
 You have read my monograph on secret ciphers ?
 Some of it .
 I found it rather heavy going .
 It evidently has a meaning .
 If it is purely arbitrary , it may be impossible to solve .
 However , if it is systematic , we should be able to get to the bottom of it .
 But we need more messages , and preferably long ones .
 Well , I doubt if Hilton Cubitt would agree with that .
 Walker ,
 do you know anything about this ?
 No , sir .
 I 've not been out in the front all day .
 Has Mrs. Cubitt been out here ?
 I 've no way of knowing , have I , sir ?
 When I 've done this , I want you to wash it off , and tell no one about it , and then come to me .
 I shall have an urgent letter for you to post .
 Elsie ?
 Elsie , what are you doing ?
 I was looking for you .
 I thought I heard the door .
 Have you been out today , out of the house ?
 Hilton , come to bed , everything will look better in the morning .
 Will the drawings look better ? !
 Will the dancing men look better ? ! Why do they fuss you so ?
 Fuss me ? !
 They 're just a joke , a bit of mischief !
 The moon 's high .
 Where I come from , they say a moon like that drives you crazy .
 Why don 't we travel , Hilton , why don 't we go away ?
 I love this place as much as I love you .
 Hilton --
 What did you see ?
 Nothing , nothing at all !
 Please , dearest .
 Hilton , I beg you !
 There 's somebody outside .
 Hilton !
 Hilton , wait !
 You 'll come to harm !
 Or are you afraid he will come to harm ? !
 These two are identical . Yes .
 Well , I had that one washed off , then it must have reappeared .
 You know , it 's a pity you didn 't get a closer look at this chap .
 If only she hadn 't tried to stop me .
 I 've never been angry with her before , but she knew who was out there , of that I 'm sure .
 And she knows what these figures mean .
 Was this a mere addition to this , or did it appear to be entirely separate ?
 That was on a separate panel of the door .
 Well , I know what I 'm going to do ,
 I shall go home , sit with half a dozen of my lads in the shrubbery , and if this fellow calls again , give him such a thrashing he 'll leave us alone in the future .
 Well , that would be one way .
 Mr. Cubitt , this case is too deep for such a simple remedy .
 I must go now if I 'm to catch my train .
 I 'd not leave Elsie alone at night . Elsie !
 Quite right .
 Good day , Mr. Cubitt .
 We will join you in a couple of days , and be patient !
 Good bye , Dr. Watson . I 'll find my own way .
 Bye .
 You weren 't exactly sympathetic .
 He doesn 't come to me for sympathy .
 It is a considerable challenge .
 I shall work better for silence .
 Oh , well ,
 I dare say I can find something quiet to do .
 Whoa , sit .
 Where did you find this ?
 Down by the garden bench .
 Will that , uh , mean you 'll be wanting me to take another letter for London , sir ?
 Very well .
 I 'll have to get a move on if I 'm gonna catch the last post .
 Walker , just do what you 're told !
 Yes , Watson ?
 Uh , I thought you might like the Times , Holmes .
 What do you make of my progress ?
 Well , it still doesn 't mean very much , does it ?
 Quite enough for me to send a telegram to the United States .
 What on earth does that mean , " ABESLANE " ?
 Watson , if this is E , flag denotes the end of words .
 Mm , this grouse is superb .
 Mrs. Hudson has really surpassed herself this time .
 What time is the last train to Matlock ?
 I 'm afraid we 've missed it .
 Holmes , I do wish you would try and eat a bite .
 I just need an answer to my telegram from America , and the story is complete .
 Abe , I wanna stay , and I 'm going to stay . What about your friends in Chicago ?
 What about your family ? !
 Friends do you call them ; killers , robbers , extortionists , some family .
 But you and I were engaged !
 I 'm sorry , Abe , my father forced me into it .
 How could I be happy with you in that life ? !
 Please go away , please , I beg you . You beg me ? !
 Yes .
 Hilton is such a good man .
 It would break my heart if scandal ever touched him .
 Here 's money , it 's all that I have .

 No !
 You 're coming home ! No ! You 're coming home !
 No !
 What the --
 No !!

 Watson ?

 What the devil is going on ?
 An answer to your telegram ?
 No , it 's another letter from Hilton Cubitt .
 " ELSlE
 PRE- P ARE . "
 Mr. Holmes , sir .
 Thank you .
 It 's from Wilson Hargreave , of the Chicago Police Bureau . " In reply to your inquiry ,
 Abe Slaney is one of the most dangerous men in Chicago . "

 Come along , come along .
 There 's a cab !
 Ridling Thorpe Manor , gentlemen ?
 As fast as you can !

 How do you know ?
 Bet you 're the surgeon from London , sir .
 I beg your pardon , what makes you --
 She 's not dead yet , sir .
 You may be able to save her , but she 's for the gallows .
 The gallows ? !
 Right , sir , she murdered her husband .
 Inspector of Police , and Doctor of Medicine , I perceive ? Yes , indeed , Inspector Martin , Darbyshire Constabulary .
 And I am Dr. Carthew , the surgeon .
 This way , gentlemen .
 This is Mr. Sherlock Holmes , and I am his friend and colleague , Dr. Watson .
 Mr. Holmes , but what do you know of this business ? !
 A good deal .
 Mr. Hilton Cubitt was my client .
 But the crime was only committed at 3 : 00 o 'clock this morning . How could you hear of it in London and get to the spot as soon as I ?
 I anticipated it .
 We came in hope of preventing it .
 Then you must have important evidence of which I am ignorant . Only the evidence of the dancing men .
 The dancing men ? I will explain all that to you later .
 Since we are too late to prevent this tragedy ,
 I am anxious to insure that justice is done . Will you associate me in your investigation , or will you prefer that I should act independently ?

 I should be proud for us to work together , Mr. Holmes .
 But I must warn you , there seems very little to investigate .
 Mr. Hilton Cubitt has been shot through the heart and he 's dead .
 And Mrs. Cubitt ?
 Seriously wounded .
 The bullet passed through the front of her brain , and she 's still unconscious .
 Excuse me , gentlemen .
 Only one gun has been found , lying on the floor between them .
 Two bullets have been fired .
 With respect , Mr. Holmes , it seems quite clear that Mrs. Cubitt murdered her husband and then turned the gun upon herself .
 But they were a most devoted couple !
 The murder room is through here , Mr. Holmes .
 No , I would like to start by interviewing the servants .
 And I beg you , nothing , absolutely nothing is to be moved .

 Is this the way to the kitchen ?
 I should think it must have happened about 3 : 00 o 'clock in the morning , sir .
 Where are your rooms ?
 On top , sir . The attics !
 I was awoke by this terrible bang , an explosion is the only word .
 And about a minute later --
 It was less than a minute . -- there was another bang , only not so loud .
 What did you do ?
 We came downstairs , sir , expecting to find Mr. Cubitt up and about , chasing burglars or the house on fire , or --
 And the bedroom door was open .
 We looked in but the bed was empty so we came on down .
 There was smoke , and the smell was worse down here .
 Smell ?
 Ah , you mean of the gunpowder ?
 I suppose it was , sir , yes .
 Now , you say the smell was worse downstairs .
 Could you also smell gunpowder upstairs ?
 Yes , sir .
 I commend that fact very carefully to your attention , Inspector .
 Mrs. King ,

 would you like to sit down , Mrs. King ?
 Now , was the library door open when you reached it ? Open , yes , sir .
 We could see the candle alight on the table and so we came in .
 Then , oh dear , as terrible a thing as ever I saw or ever fear to see .
 She was terrible wounded , sir .
 She was moaning and groaning , then she sort of collapsed on the floor and she hasn 't said anything since .
 Saunders ?
 We moved her to her bedroom , sir , and sent Fred Walker for the doctor and the police .
 And there was no sign of a break- in , or of an intruder ?
 No , sir .
 And all the doors and windows was locked , as we had left them when we went to bed .
 Inspector ...
 Oh , yes ...
 Apart from poor Mrs. Cubitt , nothing else has been moved ?
 No , sir .
 No , we 've touched nothing , Mr. Holmes .
 Thank you .
 Then I think we can proceed .
 Almost instantaneous death , presumably . Mm , straight through the heart .
 The bullet 's still there .
 What about the bullet that wounded Mrs. Cubitt ? That 's still in her , as well .
 It will take hands more nimble than mine to move it .
 Is this Mrs. Cubitt 's handbag ? Yes , it is , Mr. Holmes .
 At least twenty 50- pound notes , a bribe that failed .

 So , two bullets fired , two wounds inflicted , as you said .
 Yes , Doctor .
 Then how do you account for the bullet that has so obviously struck the window frame ?
 By George , however did you see that ? ! Because , Dr. Carthew , I looked for it .
 Wonderful , why , the bullet 's still there !
 So a third shot must have been fired . Which means that a third person must have been present .
 Exactly !
 When you came into this room last night , you say that the door was ajar ; was not that window also open ?
 I don 't know , sir .
 No , sir . It was shut .
 Saunders , will you and Cook wait in the library , and you , Walker .
 Dr. Carthew , you may remove the body .
 It was Mrs. Cubitt herself who shut that window .
 If Saunders and the Cook smelled smoke and gunpowder upstairs , then there must have been a strong through draft .
 Otherwise , it would not have spread so quickly through the house .
 We know that door was open , that window , too , must also have been open , but only for a short time .
 Why only for a short time ?
 Because the candles have not gutted .
 There is no trail of wax .
 Wonderful , wonderful !

 If the late Mr. Hilton Cubitt fired the bullet which pierced the window frame , he must have been aiming at someone who was standing either inside or just outside the window .
 Oh , thank you , Inspector .
 Which means that the bullet which killed Mr. Cubitt could have been fired by --
 Inspector , your thoughts and mine agree entirely .

 This is the cartridge case of the bullet which killed Mr. Hilton Cubitt .
 Holmes , if three shots were fired , why did Mrs. King and Saunders only hear two shots ?
 They were telling the truth , but lied without realizing it . I 'm not sure that I follow you .
 You remember what Mrs. King said ,
 " I was awoken by this terrible bang , an explosion , it is the only word .
 And then a minute later there was another bang but not so loud . "
 The first bang was two shots , fired almost simultaneously ; one from the window , which killed Hilton Cubitt , and one from Hilton Cubitt , which missed and went into the window frame .
 And the third shot ?
 The saddest of all , Mrs. Cubitt , self- administered in her despair .
 Now , do any of you know of an inn in the neighborhood called Elrige 's ?
 There 's a farmer of that name , lives some miles off , in the direction of , uh , Milbrook .
 Is it a lonely farm ?
 Very lonely , sir .
 Then it is just possible that the news of what happened here last night has not reached them .
 Maybe not , sir .
 Excellent !
 Walker ,
 I want you to take this note to a Mr. Abe Slaney of Elrige 's Farm .
 Do not say that the note is from me , and make no mention of what happened here last night .
 Now , you understand ?
 Yes , sir .
 Thank you , Walker .
 I am expecting a visitor in answer to my note .
 Now , Saunders , he will ask for Mrs. Cubitt . I want you to show him into this room .
 I want this house to look quite normal , and you must not give anything away of what has happened .
 Very good , sir .
 Now , I suggest you return to your duties .
 And , Dr. Carthew , I suggest you return to your patient .
 Oh , Mrs. King , your mistress is quite innocent .
 But how did you break the code ?
 Well , you see , the rules which guide us in deciphering all secret writing depend on the fact that E ,
 E is the most common letter in the English language .
 So , you see , we were very fortunate that Mrs. Cubitt 's name was Elsie , and that it featured in the second message , which gave us not only the E , but the L , the S and the I.
 Now , next , it seemed likely to us that two of the messages were appeals of some sort to Mrs. Cubitt ...

 ... by adding the T and the G , the message reads :
 " AT ELRlGE 'S , COME ELSlE . "
 Well , if this Abe Slaney is indeed the murderer , we must make an immediate move to arrest him .
 Calm yourself , Inspector .
 I expect him here at any moment .
 But why should Slaney come here ?
 Because I have written and asked him .
 But won 't his suspicions be roused ?
 Will he not try to escape ? Saunders ?
 Excuse me , sir , there 's a gentleman approaching the house .
 Do you think he 'd be armed ?
 He 's a fool if he 's not .

 Good day , sir .
 Is Mrs. Cubitt at home ?
 I 'll inquire , sir , if you 'll step inside .

 What name shall I say ?
 Tell her it 's an old friend .
 She 's expecting me . If you 'll wait in the library a moment .

 Well , gentlemen , it looks like you 've got the drop on me , but what the hell is going on ?
 Abe Slaney , I believe .
 What if I am , and who are you , anyway ?
 My name would mean nothing to you , though I suspect that of Wilson Hargreave of the Chicago Police Department , will .
 Ah , I see that it does .
 Mr. Slaney , you should know that Mrs. Elsie Cubitt is very seriously ill .
 I don 't believe you .
 This is some cheap trick .
 Mrs. Elsie Cubitt wrote me a note just an hour ago , a note that only I can understand .
 What one man can invent , another can discover :
 " I 'M HERE , ABE SLANEY . AT ELRlGE 'S , COME ELSlE . " And your last note to her :
 " ELSlE PREPARE TO MEET THY GOD . "
 And this .
 You wrote that note ? But you were lying about Elsie .
 Slaney , when you shot and killed Hilton Cubitt ,
 Elsie Cubitt , in her despair , attempted to kill herself , and is now at death 's door .
 No .
 No , I gotta see her !!
 I gotta see her , I love her , for God 's sake , Elsie !!
 I love you , Elsie !!
 Elsie , Elsie !!
 I believe that she fled from America to avoid you .
 Because you followed her and made her life a misery , she now lies under grave suspicion of murdering the husband she loved .
 The least you can do is to clear her of that .
 I guess the very best case I can make for myself now is to tell you the absolute , naked truth .
 It is my duty to warn you that it will be used against you .
 I guess you probably know that Elsie 's father 's the most powerful man in Chicago .
 One of the most powerful criminal men in Chicago .
 It was he who invented the dancing men . We used it as a code in the old days .
 I 've known Elsie since she was a child .
 She was promised to me .
 I may have threatened her , but I wouldn 't have touched a hair on her pretty head .
 But you 're right , she hated the whole Chicago business . That 's why she ran away to Europe .
 It was only after her marriage to this Englishman that I was able to find out where she was .
 I wrote to her , but I got no answer .
 She burned your letter .
 She was happy in her new life in Darbyshire .
 I came here to England to take her home ! I sent her notes .
 I did everything I could to coax Elsie away , then my temper got the better of me and I began to threaten her .
 But yesterday she sent me a letter !
 She said she would come down when her husband was asleep and speak to me through the end window if I would go away afterwards and leave her in peace .
 Can I make you see ?
 I 've never been so happy as I 've been here with him . I love him .

 Abe , I wanna stay , and I 'm going to stay . What about your friends in Chicago ?
 What about your family ? !
 Friends do you call them ; killers , robbers , extortionists , some family .
 But you and I were engaged !
 I 'm sorry , Abe , my father forced me into it .
 How could I be happy with you in that life ? !
 Please go away , please , I beg you . You beg me ? !
 Yes .
 Hilton is such a good man .
 It would break my heart if scandal ever touched him .
 Here 's money , it 's all that I have .
 Now , please go away .
 No !
 You 're coming home !
 No !
 You 're coming home !
 No !
 What the --

 No !!

 I think we 've heard enough for the moment , come along . Can 't I see her before I go ?
 Nobody can see her , even we have not been given that privilege .
 Mr. Holmes ,
 I hope that if ever again I have an important case , I shall have the good fortune to have you by my side .
 Good afternoon , and thank you .

 Holmes ?
 Hmm .
 What did you write in that note ?
 See if you could read it .
 " COME- HERE- AT- ONCE , "
 " COME HERE AT ONCE . "
 How absurdly simple .
 And so the dancing men , which had so often been the agents of evil , were finally used on the side of justice .
 Abe Slaney was condemned to death at the Darby assizes , but his sentence was changed to penal servitude in consideration of mitigating circumstances in the certainty that Hilton Cubitt had fired the first shot .

 Mrs. Cubitt made a complete recovery , and lives still at Ridling Thorpe Manor .
