Sherlock Holmes
Season 1 Episode 2
little man dancing
What happened to Elsie?
Elsie!
then Watson
Um ?
Are you not going to invest in South African securities?
How did you know ?
Admit it, I surprised you
I am amazed!
I should let you take a pen and write
- Why? - Because soon you will say
it 's so simple
I wouldn 't do that! You see, my dear Watson, it 's not so difficult to deduce a piece of reasoning
as long as they are linked
And each link maintains its own simplicity. If only the middle reasoning process is removed after completion, only the beginning and conclusion can be told to the audience.
it will be amazing
In fact, the effect of mystifying
I don 't see how they are related
It seems so
But I can tell you right away that the close connection between the two is the missing link in this simple chain
when you came back from the club last night
There is white powder on the tiger 's mouth. You only use the white powder when you are playing pool to prevent slipping.
You never play pool with anyone other than Salston
And this Salston, you told me four weeks ago that the privilege to buy a certain South African security was about to expire in a month.
Wants you to buy with him your checkbook is locked in my drawer
And you didn 't ask me for the keys so you 're not going to invest in the mines there
It 's so easy!
indeed so
It becomes very easy once the problem is explained to you
Bang Bang Bang Bang Holmes Why are you so happy?
You are currently unemployed and have no case to file
It usually leaves you disheartened and let cocaine numb yourself
you didn 't use logical reasoning
This is what I say over and over again
Sherlock Holmes is happy so Sherlock Holmes must have a case
Snapped !
See what you can research my old Watson
Hey Sherlock, it 's just a kid 's doodle
Is this your opinion ?
What else would that be? That 's exactly what a man named Hilton Kubit, from the Liddling Hill Country Estate in Darbyshire, desperately wanted to know.
The riddle arrived with the morning mail and he 's coming by the next train
Hilton. Kubit
No, I 've already checked this guy out, Watson.
His family settled in Darbyshire five hundred years ago, so I guess Mr. Cubitt is a man of considerable stature.
He has a ruddy appearance and a magnanimous appearance and wears a brown bowler hat.
Ah no you can 't know this
Is it Sherlock Holmes ?
You will leave a record of the case, right?
my dear buddy (what else?)
thank you Ms Hudson
Mr. Kubit, please
i am sherlock holmes
Hilton. Kubit
This is my friend and colleague Dr. Watson
hello dr watson
- please take a seat, Mr. Kubit - thank you
So what have you guys researched? This thing... ?
Have you already researched it?
Funny dancing villain looks like a child 's prank
How can you take such an insignificant thing seriously?
not me mr holmes
I . . . I won 't be my wife
she. . .
Go ahead, Mr. Kubit, you 're with a friend
But this picture . . . it scared my wife to death
She didn 't say anything about trying to be normal but . . . I 've never seen anyone so upset
Is it reproduced exactly with white chalk on a garden chair?
This is what I copied as much as possible I thought it was the groom but the guy denied it
Mr. Holmes if any danger threatens my wife
I 'm willing to go bankrupt to protect her
Sit down, Mr. Kubit
- Do you smoke, Mr. Kubit? - Uh.
no no no thanks
Tell us about your wife, Mr. Kubit
Well I 've always lived in Darbyshire
Lidling Mountain Village Estate adjacent to Matlock
I was alone and thought it would go on like this until I came to visit London three years ago
It 's not that often but . . . I want to meet the Queen 's 50th anniversary celebration
I 'm temporarily living in an apartment building in Russell Square because our parish pastor Parker lives there
There 's a young Miss America there
My name is Patric Elsie. Patric
We are all single and become friends
go around, etc.
Are you responsible for all the expenses?
of course not
You think . . . no he doesn 't have Mr. Kubitt 's meaning at all
Is this Miss Elsie Patrick 's appearance in London for the 50th anniversary celebration?
No no she 's been there for a while
She got tired of traveling all over America and settled down in England
Before the holiday is over, I 'll be completely
madly in love with her
To my surprise she . . . she responded to my feelings and we got married
Great
Worked quietly at the registry office
You 'd think I 'm crazy Mr. Holmes got married so quickly and didn 't know anything about her
Go on, Mr. Kubitt 's point!
Oh ok actually something happened on our wedding day
I 'm glad that nothing disturbed my happiness that day
It 's just kind of weird looking back now
Elsie ?
Something I have to say to you Hilton
We don 't want to be late, darling
I dragged my mouth until now
But I have to give you a chance to change your mind
Elsie
- What 's the matter? - Let me finish!
All I want to say comes from the heart
I love you darling but you know nothing about my past
I didn 't think to ask
That 's what makes me love you so much
If you will marry me Hilton, I promise you will marry a woman who has nothing to shame him
But I can only tell you so much allow me to keep silent about everything before I married you
If these conditions are too harsh then you go back to your Darbyshire and let me go on with my lonely life
It 's not too demanding, I 'll never let you go
The past three years have been my happiest time
When did the first dark cloud cover your happy life come?
You really have a set of questions when you ask Mr. Holmes
You really falter when answering questions, Mr. Kubit.
Well it was a few months ago in May to be exact
Hilton?!
Hi !
Here in the living room !
Well what do you think?
What a big improvement!
thank you sanders
I bumped into the postman so he didn 't come here
bill
There is a letter to you U.S. postmark Chicago
Oh !
I hope lunch is ready I 'm so hungry
She burned the letter and didn 't even open it?
yes i don 't know why
Of course you don 't know that America represents her past
And that solemn promise, yes, but she never had it easy after that
If only she trusted me
I absolutely trust her, you can trust that
No matter what kind of past she has, I 'm sure it 's not her fault
What about these dancing little people?
ah yeah when i thought she cared about that letter anymore
These . . . these doodles appear like children 's handwriting but make things worse
I can 't let go
And can 't take them to the police they 'll laugh at me so I 'm here to ask you for help
Mr. Kubit, don 't you think the best way is to ask your wife directly
Let her share her secret with you? A promise is a promise Mr. Holmes
If Elsie was willing to tell me she would
But I have no right to force her to confess
But I feel like I have a right to act on my own so I did
Then I 'll do my best to help you
Have you seen or heard of strangers in the community?
no i don 't have some farmers who let passersby boarding but i haven 't heard of that lately
Then I suggest you rush back to Mr. Cubitt, Darbyshire
Take good care of your surroundings If these dancing little people reappear, copy them accurately
thank you mr holmes i will
Ah, and Mr. Kubit 's letter that tortured your wife must have come from America?
yes postmark is chicago
goodbye !
don 't worry
It was only natural that she should have received the letter from the United States
She 's American, yes, but it 's not normal to throw it into the fire without dismantling it.
what
I 'm starting to think they 're a bit like code words
Have you read my book on passwords?
read some
I think it 's getting harder and harder
Apparently there 's a mystery in it
If it is purely arbitrary, it is impossible to solve the mystery
But if it 's organized, we can get to the bottom of it
But we need more information, preferably longer
I don 't think Hilton Kubit would approve
Walker
Do you know what these things are about?
no sir
I haven 't left the front yard all day
Did Mrs. Kubit come out?
How would I know, sir?
When I copy them you wash it off for me Don 't tell anyone come to me directly
I have an urgent letter for you to deliver
Elsie ?
Elsie what are you doing?
i 'm looking for you
I heard the door open
Did you leave the house today?
Hilton, go to sleep. It 'll be fine tomorrow morning.
Are those graffiti okay?
Are those dancing little guys all right?
Why do they make you fuss?
Let me make a fuss? They 're just a joke and a prank!
the moon is so high
In my hometown people say a moon like this will drive you crazy
Why don 't we travel Hilton? Let 's get out of here?
I love this place as much as I love you Hilton . . .


what did you see? nothing nothing
please darling
Hilton I beg you
someone outside
Hilton !
Hilton wait!
You will be in danger!
Or are you afraid that person will be in danger?!
These two are exactly the same
Yes this one I had someone wiped off and it reappeared
It 's a shame you didn 't get to see the man
If she hadn 't tried to stop me
I 've never been mad at her before but I 'm sure she knows who 's out there
And she must know what these little people mean
Is this part attached to the top? Or is it completely separate?
is painted on another separate door panel
I know what to do
I should go home and wait in the bushes with six of my buddies if that guy dares to show up again
Just beat him up and he won 't harass us again
This is one way Mr. Kubit 's case is far from being solved by this simple means.
I have to catch the train
I don 't want to leave Elsie home alone at night
Elsie e !
That 's right, go ahead, Mr. Kubit.
We will come to you in a few days, please be patient!
Goodbye Dr. Watson
no need to lead the way bye
You are not sympathetic
He didn 't come here for sympathy
it 's a big challenge
Better let me study it quietly
Oh fine
Of course I can find something quiet to do
call . . . stop

where did you find it? under a garden bench
Does this mean you want me to send another letter to London sir?
very good
If I 'm going to catch the last mail train, I better hurry up
Walker, don 't meddle!
Is that you Watson ?
Er, I think you probably want to read the Times Sherlock Holmes s
What do you think of my progress?
Hmm. . . still don 't see the point, does it?
But it 's more than enough to send a telegram to America.
What exactly does this mean ' ABESLANE ' ?
Watson, if this is an 'E' then the flag is the end of the sentence
Mmmm . . . this grouse is delicious
What Mrs. Hudson did this time was really good.
What time is the last train to Matlock ?
I 'm afraid we 've missed
Sherlock Holmes, you really should have a bite
I just want the answer that went to AT and the story is complete
Abby, I 'm going to stay, I 'm going to stay
What about your friends in Chicago?
what about your family
But you and I were engaged!
I 'm sorry Abbie, I was forced by my father
How can I be happy living that kind of life with you?!
please go please
you beg me?!
Yes
Hilton is so kind I 'd be heartbroken if there was a scandal that humiliated him
here is the money
all my savings

Do not !
You must go home!
- No! - You have to go home! No! What happened . . .

Do not! !

Watson ?
What exactly happened?

Your telegram response? Not Hilton. Another letter from Kubit
" E L S I E "
'PRE - PARE' ('Prepare')
'Elsie get ready to meet God'
- Mr. Holmes - Thank you
It 's a reply from Wilson Hargrave of the Chicago Police Department
' Here is your reply: '
'Abby Slany is one of the most dangerous men in Chicago'
drive . . drive . . .

There 's a carriage for hire
Are you going to Li Deling Mountain Village, gentlemen?
The sooner the better!

How did you know ?
I guess you are Mr Surgeon from London
Say it again what makes you think... . .
She 's still breathing, sir, maybe you can save her, but you 're just sending her to the gallows

The gallows?! Yes sir she killed her husband
I guess one is a detective and the other is a forensic doctor?
Yes, Detective Martin of the Darby County Sheriff 's Department to be exact.
I 'm Dr. Kaxiu, a surgeon.
Here, gentlemen, is Sherlock Holmes and I am his friend and colleague, Dr. Watson.
Mr. Watson
How did you know about this?!
A good deal Hilton. Mr. Cupet . . . was my client
But the murder happened at three in the morning this morning
how did you hear it in london
Showing up at the same time as me again? I knew we were here to stop it from happening
Then you must have some important evidence that I don 't know
Evidence is just little dancing people
- Dancing villain? - I 'll explain it all to you later since we didn 't have time to avoid this tragedy
Then I must get justice done quickly
Would you like me to join the investigation?
Or do you prefer me to act alone?
It is my pleasure to work with you Mr. Sherlock Sherlock
But I must warn you hilton who doesn 't seem to have much to investigate. Kubit died after being shot in the heart
What about Mrs. Kubit?
hurt badly
The bullet went through her forehead
Still haven 't woken up
I 'm sorry gentlemen only found a gun lying on the floor between them
A total of two shots were fired
With all due respect, Mr. Holmes is clearly Mrs. Cupet who killed her husband first.
and then shot himself
But they are a loving couple!
On the way to the murder scene, Mr. Holmes does not
I want to start by asking the servant I ask you anything
don 't move anything
Is this the way to the kitchen?
I think it must have happened at three in the morning sir

where is your room ?
Mr. Top is in the attic! I woke up to the horrible sound of gunfire
can only be described as an explosion
About a minute later . . . not a minute . . . another gunshot but not as loud as before

What did you do next? We went downstairs to find Mr. Kubit
Chasing a burglar or a house on fire . . .
But the bedroom door is open
We went in and saw that the bed was empty so we went downstairs and there was smoke
The smell downstairs is even worse
smell ?
Ah, you mean the smell of gunpowder?
It should be Mr. Yes
You said the downstairs smells worse
Did you smell gunpowder upstairs?
Yes, sir
I ask you to pay extra attention to this, Inspector
Kim Taita
Would you please sit down Mrs. Kim
Was the door open when you got to the study?
is open sir
We could see the candles on the table so we walked in and oh my gosh
This is the most horrible scene I 've ever seen
she was badly hurt sir she was moaning in pain and then she was paralyzed on the floor
never speak again
Sanders? We moved her to the bedroom Mr.
Then sent Fred Walker to call the doctor and the police and there was no sign of a break-in or an intruder ?

no sir all windows and doors are locked
the same as when we left before bed
police officer . . .
Oh yes . . . except for poor Mrs. Cupet
Nothing passive anymore?
no sir no we didn 't touch anything mr holmes

Thanks I think we can investigate further
Almost died on the spot, so to speak.
Hmmm . . . the bullet that went through the heart is still in there
What about the bullet that wounded Mrs. Cupet?
She also needs a pair of more dexterous hands in her body to be able to take out the bullet.
Is this Mrs. Cupet 's handbag?
yes mr holmes at least £50
Failed to buy
shot twice
As you said left two wounds
Yes Doctor So how do you explain this bullet that is apparently stuck in the window frame?
Indeed! How did you find out?!
I 'm just looking for it because of Dr. Kaxiu. Great, why are the bullets still in there!
So there must have been a third shot.
That means there must be a third person present
Exactly! When you entered this room last night
You said the door was ajar, didn 't the window open?
i don 't know sir
no sir it 's closed sanders please wait in the study with the cook
And you, Dr. Walker Kashou, you can carry the body away.
It was Mrs. Kubit who closed the window herself.
If Sanders and the cook were upstairs and smelled gunpowder then there must have been a strong draft.
Otherwise it wouldn 't fill the house so quickly
We know the door is open and the window must be open
But only for a while
Why only for a while?
because the candle didn 't go out
No dripping wax
Fabulous Fabulous !
If Mr. Hilton Cubitt then fired a bullet and hit the window frame, he must be aiming
The person standing either by the window inside the house or just outside the window
Thank you, Inspector, that 's the bullet that killed Mr. Kubit
maybe. . .
Your thoughts on the intruder are exactly the same as mine
This is the shell of the bullet that killed Hilton. Kubit
If Holmes fired three shots, why did King and Ms. Sanders only hear two shots?
They tell the truth but they don 't know it 's not the truth
I don 't understand what you mean. Do you remember what Mrs. Kim said?
'I was woken up by a horrific gunshot and an explosion'
'That 's all I can say' 'A minute later' 'Another gunshot but not as loud as before'
The first shot was actually two but almost simultaneously. One shot from the window killed Hilton. One shot from Hilton. Kubit
But what about the third shot that went into the window frame?
That was the saddest part of Mrs. Kubit . . . killed herself in desperation
Now do any of you know there 's a little inn near here called El Ridge ?
This is the name of a farmer who lives a few miles away
is . . . um. . . in the direction of Millbrook
Is it a remote farm?
Mr. very remote, that could have happened last night
haven 't gotten there yet
yes sir
Great! Volker
I want you to put this note
Don 't say I sent the note to Mr. Abbie Slanney at Elridge Farms
Don 't even mention what happened last night
do you understand ?
yes sir thank you volker
I will wait for a visitor to respond to my note
Sanders, he 'll say it 's for Mrs. Cupet
I want you to bring him to this room I want this house to look business as usual You can 't say anything about what happened

ok sir
Now I suggest that you go back to your posts and Dr. Kaxiu also invites you to go back to your patients
Ah, Mrs. Kim, your mistress is absolutely innocent.
But how did you break the code?
Well, you see the key to cracking all ciphers
is on the letter 'E' E is the most commonly used letter in English
So you see very fortunate that Mrs. Cupet 's name is 'Elsie' and was mentioned in the second comment
Not only told us ' E ' but also ' L ' ' S ' and ' I ' in our opinion these two comments are
Mrs. Kubit is inextricably linked . . .
After adding 'T' and 'G' the message is:
' ELRIGE IN ELRIGE COVER ELSI ELSIE '
If this Abbie Slani is really a murderer
Then we must act as soon as possible to arrest him
Calm Inspector
I guess he 'll be there anytime
Why did Slani come back here?
Because I wrote a note for him to come
But wouldn 't he be suspicious?
Won 't he run away? Sanders? Excuse me sir, a gentleman is coming here

Do you think he has a weapon?
He 's an idiot if he doesn 't

Good morning sir
Is Mrs. Cupet at home?
I 'll let you know, sir, please come in first

Whose name should I report?
Say it 's an old friend she 's waiting for me
Please wait in the study
Well gentlemen it seems I hit your gun
what is going on ?
I believe you are Abbie Slani
Who are you if I were? My name means nothing to you but I doubt Wilson. Hargrave
Chicago Police Department, you 'll get the impression that it does.
Mr. Slaney, you should know that Elsie Cubitt is dying

i don 't believe you
It 's a prank, and Ms. Kubit wrote me a note an hour ago.
A note that only I can understand Since someone invented it, someone can understand it
'I arrived at ABESLANEY at ELRIGE over at ELSIE'
And your last message to her was: 'ELSIE GET READY TO MEET GOD'
and this
Is that the note you wrote?
But you must be lying to me when you say Elsie is dying
slani when you shot hilton . kubet when elsie despaired and attempted suicide
It 's hell closing now
Do not
No I want to see her!
I gotta see her I love her for God 's sake Elsie!
I love you Elsie!
Elsie Elsie!!
I believe she escaped from America to avoid you, but now you 're following her and making her miserable and suspect
Everyone thinks she killed her beloved husband You can at least clear her of suspicion
I think the best thing to do now
It is to tell you the truth as it is. I have a duty to warn you that what you say will become evidence in court.
I think you must already know
Elsie 's father is the most powerful man in Chicago and one of the worst criminals in Chicago
he invented the dancing little man
In the past we used it for passwords
Elsie and I were childhood sweethearts
She was betrothed to me I might threaten her but I would never touch a hair on her pretty head
But you 're right she hates what 's going on in Chicago
That 's why she fled to Europe after she married this English man
I just found this place I wrote to her but no reply
she burned your letter
She felt happy in Darbyshire
I came to England just want to take her home!
I left a message to her and tried everything I could to coax her back, but then I became anxious and started threatening her
But last night she wrote me a letter!
She said she 'd go downstairs to the last window to talk to me when her husband went to bed and wanted to convince me to leave forever and let her live here in peace
Can 't I make you understand?
I never thought I 'd be so happy with him
I love him
Abby, I 'm going to stay, I 'm going to stay
What about your friend in Chicago?
What about your family?! Those so called friends
They are all murderers, robbers, blackmailers, what kind of family are they?
But you and I were engaged!
I 'm sorry A be, I was forced by my father to live that kind of life with you, how can I be happy?!
please go please
you beg me?!
Yes
Hilton is such a kind man
If there 's a scandal that humiliates him, I 'll be heartbroken, these are the money
All my savings please go now



Do not !
You must go home!
No! You have to go home! No!
what happened. . .

Do not! !
I think we 've heard enough. Let 's go
Can I take another look at her before I leave? No one can see her, not even us
Mr. Holmes
I hope in the future when I take over the big case
And this good luck has you by my side
goodbye thank you

Holmes ?
Um. . . ?
What did you write on the note? See if you can read it
'standing' 'carved' 'over'
'come' 'come right now'
how simple
These dancing little people used to be used for evil
This time it was finally on the right track. Abi Slani was sentenced to death at the Darby Circuit Court and later commuted to a prison term.
because of mitigating circumstances
It was indeed Hilton Cubitt who fired the gun first. Mrs. Cubitt made a full recovery and is still living in the Lidling Mountain Village.
