I miss you too, sweetheart
Okay, I have to hang up. See you tonight?
Bye-Bye
don 't you hang up
Hey ?
Dude, I 'm so glad you finally got a girlfriend, but do you have to say such nasty things in front of us bachelors?
In fact, it may be necessary
There is an economic concept called status goods
It means that an item can only be appreciated by the owner
because it doesn 't belong to anyone else
The term was coined by economist Fred Hirsch in 1976 to replace
The more accessible but less precise neener - neener (a child 's nasal murmur)
It 's not that my happiness is not built on the misery and loneliness of my good friend Thank you
Although I want to tell you that I don 't mean to show off at all, that 's impossible
Who is miserably lonely?
I
i used to be like you then i had a girlfriend
Hey, how are you and Bernadette going to spend your first Valentine 's Day?
I 'm going to bring out all my housekeeping skills
P . F .
C hang 's has a special package for couples at 39.95 (a famous American chain of Chinese restaurants)
There are egg roll ravioli and bottomless casserole, and you can take a photo with the marble horse at the front door.
Another origin of Valentine 's Day in the West, given that San Valentino was a Roman priest in the third century and was beheaded by a sinking stone
A more appropriate way to celebrate would not have been that night
Take your girlfriend to see a brutal murder?
I understand what you mean, but since there are other options
Jews always choose their meal
Uh does anyone want to know this year 's Valentine 's Day
I want to live like every year before
Go to the supermarket and buy a roast chicken
Take it home, stand by the sink and swallow it whole
And gnaw with claws like beasts
Well, that sums it up to a marble horse, a fool 's opinion, a lonely man and his lonely dick, okay?
Oh yes, and me, no one asked me? Well we know you 're going to say love love to P enny
I didn 't want to tell you this
It 's okay, I don 't mind hearing about your love life
It 's his who blows my mind and guess who the school is sending to Switzerland
Attending the CERN workshop on February 14 and visiting the supercollider? Professor Norton, God knows how he could be
He hasn 't published anything since he won the Nobel Prize
Actually, Professor Norton can 't go. He hurt his back while climbing.
I heard he got hurt while climbing on his new girlfriend
Just the big girl from the channel 2 weather forecast, right?
- That 's the one - so they let me go in his place
Go to Switzerland or go to the big sister of the weather forecast?
Go to Switzerland and bring someone with you!
- Oh my god! - No way man! - So cool!
I 'm so happy I don 't want to ask them why they chose you
I 'll run home now and pack my things

Why didn 't you take Penny with you?

I just want to take Penny there
Oh, then there will be a good show when you get home

Honorary production
Translation: Xia Sheng Fan Extra Thin M andita Charlotte Proofreading: Arie Rui

Season 3 Episode 15



Does S heldon have time? Of course my good friend please come in
Do yourself a favor which ski hat looks like the Super Collider?
S heldon I didn 't plan to take you to Switzerland
You must have taken me there, or who else?
- Penny - What? It 's ridiculous
P enny has no interest in subatomic particle research
Yes, but that 's Valentine 's Day too.
We can go sightseeing and skiing and love in front of a roaring bonfire
under the snow-capped Alps
But Penny has no interest in subatomic particle research.
Sorry Sheldon Sorry? I 've dreamed of going to see the Large Hadron Collider since I was nine
Well, I 've dreamed of spending Valentine 's Day with my girlfriend since I was six years old. I 'm ashamed of you!

That 's not a scientist 's dream at all!
Well, what 's the big surprise for me?
coming soon
This tray contains clues to how we 're going to spend Valentine 's Day
oh wow let me guess this has milk chocolate cheese fondue



My lactose intolerant boyfriend is going to eat all of this
Then I climbed on his back and lifted off to the moon ?


no
But it 's a plane
ok umm . . .
let me cut a slice of swiss cheese with this swiss army knife


You can eat it with 'Miss Swiss' cocoa powder



ok i think switzerland should be the focus

Are we going to Disneyland for a Matterhorn sleigh ride?
(Roller coaster) Is this a plane ride?
Are we going to Disney World for a Matterhorn sleigh ride?
(Florida) no
ok dear at first i thought it was a bit interesting not now
We 're going to Switzerland to see CERN 's supercollider!
And ski we can ski we 're going to ski in switzerland?! uh you can ski and I 'll fall but yeah
We can spend Valentine 's Day in Switzerland
Oh my goodness Leonard! That 's great!
Don 't be in such a hurry
You slow down the lights of Rabeliechtli P enny
Rabbi what? Ra abeliechtli means
Refers to the traditional lighting that is hand-carved from root vegetables
to celebrate certain festivals in switzerland
And you can 't make it for two reasons: these festivals are in the fall
Two: You can 't go to Switzerland
S heldon I didn 't tell you I took P enny
I 'm afraid not, do you recognize this?
Don 't take roommate agreements
It 's the roommate agreement. I call your attention to appendix three of the friendship clause.
Forward Commitment Article 37 'If one person is invited to visit
The  'Large Hadron Collider ' is now under construction in Switzerland
He should invite another friend to go with him.' Oh my god
Did you really write it in the agreement?
Yes, we also made a pact if one of us won a MacArthur Award.
Or what if someone gains superpowers or even gets bitten by a zombie?
Even if I do become a zombie he can 't kill me
Is there anything to do with your girlfriend?
That seems a bit far-fetched.
S heldon are you really going to force me?
My daily life is strictly according to the protocol
even if i don 't care
I will still greet you every day
I don 't practice biochemical warfare on a whim after 10 p.m.
I also gave up my goal of mastering pan-singing techniques
I know I shouldn 't ask but is that . . ?


If I can practice it should be much stronger than now
S heldon I know there is an appointment
If you really become a zombie, I promise I won 't kill you, I 'll even let you eat my head
But I just want to take Penny to Switzerland
- Are you determined? - That 's right.
It 's not over yet, is it?
what you think ?




It 's quite busy this morning, huh?
Will it rain?

How do I feel about using potato salad as panties today?
Well I know you 'll be happy only by playing your driving games so come on
yes
the game is called traitor
Let me talk about three historical figures
You rank them by the severity of their betrayal
Benedict Arnold (joined the British Army during the Revolutionary War) Judas and Dr. Leonard Hofstadter
Do you think me, Arnold and Judas have a match? Well, Judas at least knows to hang himself
S heldon let me go can 't you think how important this is to me?
second round :
Leonard H ofstadter Darth Vader (Anakin Skywalker) Rupert Murdoch
Murdoch?
Fox chopped  'Firefly ' he was Fox 's boss
Hint: He and Darth Vader


Sorry I couldn 't be with you last night. I had a date with Bernadette.
I know my brother is also on Twitter
What did you do after that? Why didn 't you nuke a taco
Pray to the Hindu god U rvashi that you have a bad stomach
Your little general is as limp as wicker
Did you see Sheldon? Didn 't he get mad at you about the supercollider?
He thinks I betrayed him, what would you do instead of you?
I will take Sheldon to Switzerland
- Seriously? - Absolutely
and leave him there alone



What came from here?
i see
30 pieces of silverware






Good morning man what 's the matter? I made you a hearty breakfast
juice coffee
And some pancakes in the shape of your favorite fictional characters
Look this is Frodo ('The Lord of the Rings') You made Frodo pancakes?
yeah i used coconut shavings for his legs
If you need to empty your bladder before eating
I can temporarily requisition this washed beret to keep your food warm
What is your intention?
Sorry for my recent rude behavior, I calmed down and thought about it, and then I started to understand
Friendship is not a contract in black and white
It is the result of two people respecting and caring for each other
Salted Butter Bread? Thanks
taste good
What you eat is respect and love
And about a pound of fat butter
After you finish breakfast we can watch the final season of 'Babylon 5' with a guided commentary track You don 't like watching 'Babylon 5'
It really sucks as both a drama and a sci-fi movie, and it 's hopeless to imitate it so deliberately
But you like it, you are my friend
ok great
Still not taking you to Switzerland
Depend on

don 't give you Frodo
OK
alright, you 're welcome
I think you know what I 'm here for, I always feel like I 'm here to study the flaws we find in humans and report back to your alien leader
so funny
Extraordinary intellect, in your opinion, may well come from an alien planet
Then I 'll make it clear
I think you know the purpose of coming to the laundry room
Is it better to practice guttural sounds?



not bad
but my real purpose
will be shown in this short PPT
turn off the lights


Reasons why Dr. Sheldon Cooper should visit CERN and the Collider in Switzerland:
Slide presentation by Dr. Sheldon Cooper
Oh my god, standing here is a gifted particle physics researcher
His research made him perfect
People 's perception of the changing universe
referring to me
And here 's a waitress brushing her teeth with her fingers
It means you are embarrassed, are you trying to please me? Please ask questions after the presentation
This is the supercollider at CERN in Switzerland
It took decades to plan and build. It 's a mecca for physicists all over the world. This is a bath shop on Colorado Avenue.
They sell scented soaps and body washes some of which contain glitter
Now let 's compare who is more suitable to go
Okay, the speech is over, and I still have five slides.

S heldon this is Leonard 's decision
He invited me to Switzerland and I plan to go
very good
have fun
You 're about to experience what I 've been dreaming of for ten years
I just hope you can appreciate the importance of it
and appreciate its extraordinary significance

I 'm going to talk to Leonard
Really ?
real
If it 's that important to you you should go oh P enny thank you you 're welcome
Since I rarely hug I rely on you for expert advice on how long to hug
- I think that 's about it. - Great
Bye-Bye
You know what? Even though I don 't have a girlfriend, I can still have a great Valentine 's Day
Believe me I can 't I tried it earlier
No no I want to live my own day
First I will go to a spa in Koreatown
Steam, steam and massage
Then I stopped at a pet store and let the puppies lick me



S heldon I want to talk to you ok my friend
Would you like some C holermus crepes?
- What? - C holermus
A traditional Swiss breakfast I am tuning my gastrointestinal system for the exotic Swiss dishes
You don 't go to Switzerland!
oh i will go
Didn 't P enny tell you the good news? She told me that you fooled her behind my back so that you could go with me instead of her

Yeah, that 's the good news. It 's me who was invited.
I decide who I take I choose P enny not you
Howard please dim the lights I have a short slide presentation
I don 't need to see what your statement is. The discussion is over.
Your answer is a bit ambiguous, should I go or not? S heldon tell you I won 't take you even if I go by myself

really? yeah really
you left me with no choice
From now on you 'll be my roommate instead of my friend
I 'm sorry you think so
I don 't think you realize the seriousness of the consequences Leonardo
Then can you give me some hints?
With the expiry of our unanimously friendly ordinance
If I 'm invited, you 're no longer eligible to accompany me to go swimming at Bill Gates ' house.
wow this is not good


Just think this time tomorrow we will be spending our first Valentine 's Day in Geneva, Switzerland !
Yes !
For this reason, I also went shopping and bought special underwear.
Got thermal underwear? Because it 's going to be cold there
Think again about Leonard
Take care (German is often used for sneezing) or as the Swiss say (German is also spoken in Switzerland) Do you have a cold?
Probably an allergy
Do you want to take allergy medicine? I have a full range here
Prescription Drugs Over-the-Counter Drugs Foreign Products Domestic Products Experimental Drugs
Is there any one that works? No, I 'll be enthusiastic

Penny?
How are you ?
Do I sound like 'all right'?
Don 't come in! What 's the matter with you?
I 'm having a 'tea party', what else would I do?
I think I might have the flu
or the plague
We have a nine o 'clock flight tomorrow. Do you think you 'll be better by then?
Because I was already dead by then!
Hey S heldon ?
Listen, Penny is too sick to go to Switzerland.
If you are still interested, please come with me
Great! I 'll pack my bags right now
immediately
Yo, isn 't that a cholermus pancake?
give you soup
- Chicken? - Yes
- The one with the 'little star'? - Yes
Is it heated to 180 degrees?
I 'll fall on your lap and you 'll be able to answer me
You don 't have to be so mean
I am sick
I 'm sick too
what about me
I just don 't understand how I got sick
I have always been health-conscious
I sanitize my hands frequently and generally avoid contact with others
S heldon I don 't know what to say to you
Oh Penny thank you !
You 're welcome
It 's you !
I have touched you!
happy Valentine 's day
Oh god, look at this room!
Champagne !
Rose! And little chocolate!
This will be the best Valentine 's Day ever!
hmmm . . . i forgot about these things
But I will never forget
Season 3 Episode 15 Ended
