0 0 : 0 0 : 0 8 , 4 5 0 - - &gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 1 2 , 3 5 0 'Crazy' Magazine 'Playboy' Eighteen Bans


Jimmy , how  ' sthatsweepin  ' going ?
Sweeping it, DadG oin  ' good , pop .





How are you H i . H owareya ? Hello sir Hello , sir .
Don 't know if you can do me a favor U h , I waswonderingifmaybeyo ucouldhelpme .
what 's the matter Yeah ?
I drove into town this morning Well , I drove intothecitythism orning . Usually I take the train but today was in a hurry U - usually , I takethetrain , but I wasinjustsucharush
rushing to buy some medicine for my son freddie togetsomemedicineform yson , F reddie .
He has epilepsy He ehasepilepsy . He hadanattackthismorni ng this morning, but duringhisfit,
Overturned the medicine in my wife 's hand heknockedthebottleofm edicineoutofmywife  ' shand
smashed all over andjust - - bam , onehugepuddle .
Too bad T hat  ' sterrible .
Long story short I drove into town Well , longstoryshort - - drove intotown , took all the money on me to buy medicines bought the new medicinew iteverylastnickelinm ypocket ,
Then my car broke down and thenmycardied .
Oh my god this is true. . . O h , god , that  ' s - - that  ' sjust , uh . . . I know I know .
It 's raining overnight, right? When henitrains , itpours , right ?
I tried the ignition and it didn 't work I - I tried theignition , justnothin  ' - - notfiring .
A nd , anyway , now I  ' veconvincedmyself Before I bring the medicine home that F reddie  ' s gonnahaveanotherseizu re
Freddy 's epilepsy could come back anytime before I getbackwiththemedicine. I would be grateful if you could help me S o , i - ifyou can helpme , I wouldbesograteful .

I can check the car for you Well, I couldcomeoutandcheckyourcarforya.
Maybe it 's just a spark plug problem You ouknow , maybeit  ' sjustasparkplug .
I have a box of spark plugs in my pantry I - I - I gotaboxofplugsbackint hestockroom . Thank you I appreciate that T hanks , and I - I appreciatethat ,
but if you could give me five bucks . . . but ifyoucouldpossibly justspare $5 instead . .
Okay five dollars Yeah, $5.
If I could I - ifyoucanspareit .


Yes of course Yeah , okay , sure .

Dad come here D ad , c  ' mere !
Come by C 'mere!
Dad this is a scam like that beggar last week Dad , it  ' sarip - off , just like that bumfromla stweek .
Jimmy Jimmy . Every hustler in town knows E verygrifterintownknow sthat
Here is a good place to defraud alms thisisthespottocomefo raneasyhandout.
' Cheat Stick ' Where did you learn the word G rifter ? W hereintheworlddidyoul earnthatword ?
D ad , hisstory  ' sbaloney .
He probably doesn 't have a son at all He eprobably doesn  ' tevenhaveason . He is blackmailing you He  ' sconningyou .
Jimmy in case you 're wrong Jimmy . . .
W h a t   i f   y o u ' r e   w r o n g ?
so Y - youknowwhat ?
I 'm sorry to trouble you, I 'll go now S orrytobotheryoufolks .
I - I ' m   g o n n a   g e t   o u t t a   h e r e .
- I 'm here. . . - No no no- I - I  ' mgonna . . . - No o , no , no , no , no .
- Dad - no no trouble - D ad . - No , nobother .
Comeon. Now, here.

I 'll give you ten dollars T here  ' s $ 1 0 foryou . Sir you . . .
S i r ,   y - y o u ' r e   - -

Really generous T hat  ' s - thatissogenerous .
Is it okay? O fcourse , and - - andyouknowwhat ?
Maybe can you start the car for you How? Maybewe  ' llgetyourcarstartedfo ryou , okay ? Come on Jimmy , help me watch it for a while C omeon , Jimmy . Justmanthetill , okay ?
I 'll be right back A nd I  ' lljustbebackinajiff , okay ?

How much is a kohl cigarette Howmuchforacartonof K ools ?
Four bucks 4 bucks .
Good one Y eah , gimmeacarton .
Pay first Moneyfirst .

Come on two Gimmetwocartons.
Oh my gosh, gosh.
The spark plugs are clearly here. Thesesparkplugs areback heresomewhere. Just give me a minute. Justgivemeonemoreminut e, okay?

Come on Comeon.

There are two kinds of people in this world, wolves and sheep. T herearewolvesandsheep in thisworld, kid.
Wolvesandsheep - -
Figure out what kind of Figureout whichoneyou  'regonnabe you want to be.

Wait Wait.
J u s t . . . J u s t . . .
Okay found O kay , I - I found the , um . . .
Did he leave D idheleave ?
Did he just leave Oh, did he just leave?
Predecessor S ir!


Dead Lawyer Season 2 Episode 7 Original Translation Bilingual Subtitle Translation T he Walking N erd Meow Ball Ball Floss
translation joy _ bwl yogurt xiling broken branch almond
Proofreading murmur don 't let me disturb you D on  ' tletmeinterrupt .


Sorry are you ready S orry . Youready ? Let 's go and get this over with Hey , comeon .
L e t ' s   g e t   t h i s   o v e r   w i t h .
Timeline Jiang Jiang Menglong
Thank you for taking the time to meet us T hankyouforseeingus .
We don 't want to delay too long We edon  ' twannatakeuptoomuchof yourtime , the director of the later day, Xiaoxin murmured
I 'll get straight to the point so I 'llgetrighttoit.
I regret to tell you that after recalling U m , I regrettoinformyouthatwiththebenefitofhindsight, open WeChat and scan the QR code on the left or search the official account: American drama exploded to know the latest film and television news subtitle information
Mr. Ermenshot decided to slightly revise the statement Mr. r.
E h r m a n t r a u t   w i l l   b e   a m e n d i n g   h i s   o r i g i n a l   s t a t e m e n t   a   t a d .
- a little bit - a little bit - A tad ? - A weebit .
He decided that he could no longer be conscientious
Said the gun found at the scene was the claim that the gunfounda tthescene belonged to Tuco Salamanca.
- whose gun was that - who knows - S o , whose gunwasit ? - W ho  ' stosay ?
Do you know how many guns there are in Albuquerque? Y ouknowhowmanygunsther earein A lbuquerque ?
So many S o . . . alot .
Is it your gun? Mr. Ermenshott Wasityourgun, Mr. r.
E hrmantraut ? He didn 't say that No , he  ' snot saying that . Can Mr. Ermensott say it himself C anwehearit from Mr r .
E h r m a n t r a u t ?
The gun is not Thegunwasn 't Salamanca 's.
I only know so much T hat  ' sall I cantellyou .
You turned out to be his Y outoldusitwas.
You said Salamanga took out a gun at you Youaid S alamancapulleditandpo inteditatyou .
He doesn 't have Well, hedidn 't.
- Why did you change your statement - Good Citizen - W hyareyouchangingyours story ? - G oodcitizenship .
There is only one person 's fingerprint on the gunL ook , therewasonlyonesetofp rintsonthegun - -
Salamanca 's .
How could the gun not be his How  ' sthatgonnahappenifitw asn  ' this ?
I can 't ask my client about this, right T hat  ' snotreallyformyclient tosay , now , isit ?
He is not the identification expert He  ' snotaforensicsexpert .
Who knows maybe W hoknows ? Maybeit , uh ,
fell from apassingbird  ' sbeak ,
Mr. Salamanga caught the gun and wanted to throw it away, and Mr. Salamancacaughtitandtriedtothrowitaway.
I mean there are so many possibilities I mean , thepossibilitiesareen dless .
Did Salamanga threaten you Mr. Umenshott Did S alamancathreatenyou , Mr .
E h r m a n t r a u t ?
We want to keep him off for a few more years W ewannaputthisguyawayf oryears .
The gun is the most important thing you know
Do you want him to come out sooner and hurt you again Yougonnaletthispersonv ictimizeyoutwice ?
Forget about the gun, okay? Forgetaboutthegun, allright?
The gun was not Salamanca 's Thegunwasnot Salamanca 's.
If you take guns as evidence I fyoutrytointroduceiti ntoevidence , Mr. Ehrmantraut will help the defendant to defend Mr. Ehrmantraut will make himselfavaila bletothedefense ,
He will clarify right and wrong and he will set there cord straight, straight and unambiguous categorically and unequivocally.

Did he threaten you or bribe you Didhethreatenyouorpayy ouoff ?
Enough is enough. Let 's go. O kay , that  ' sit .
W e ' r e   d o n e .   O k a y .   L e t ' s   g o .



You are not wrong You  ' redoingtherightthethi ng . This T his S alamanca character ?
Simply madman Maniac .
I myself I hadmyown . . .
I 've dealt with him. . . thingwithhim . I didn 't say I didn ' twannasayitbeforebeca useofconflictofintere st because of conflict of interest, but he 's a lunatic yaddayadda , but , yeah , he  ' snuts .
He tied me into the desert I 'mtalkinghehadmehog - tiedinthedesert
Put a gun to my head withaguntomyhead .
Broketwoguys  ' legsrightinfrontofme . Broketwoguys  ' legs rightinfrontofme in my face . If I didn 't convince him he might just take them . . .
I f I hadn 'ttalkedhimdown, heprobablywould 've .. .
Make people unforgettable ah notsomethingyouforget .
Why are you telling me this? A ndyou  ' retellingmethiswhy ?

Don 't be too hard on yourself D on  ' tbetootoughonyourself .
People say prudence is like they say , discretion is the better part of valor . I would do the same for me I would  ' vedonethesamething .

Today I will help you not to charge Hey , today , it  ' sonme - - nocharge .
You take the next elevator, Y outakethenextone .
Charge as usual A ndbillme .

ungrateful Ingrate .



Hello Jimmy Hey , Jimmy .
Did you tell Howard Didyoutell Howardyet?
I can 't say I can 't really talk right now.
You didn 't tell him Youdidn  ' ttellhim .
I can 't say No o , and I won  ' tuntilit  ' srock - solid ,
Wait until the offer letter is received likeoffer - letter - in - handsolid .
When will you get the offer letter When henareyougonnagetthat offerletter ? I  'mguessingnext T hursday ,
After interviewing with partners A ftermyinterviewwithth epartners .
- That 's just a process - almost - Y eah , but that  ' sjustaformality , right ? - Basically .
Hope is I hope . What conditions are offered to you What  ' stheofferyouthink ?
I mean real I mean , brasstacks . Not as good as your Well , it  ' snotgonnabeasmuchasyo urdealat Davis &amp; Main ,
But after two years can be a partner but they 'll make mepartnerintwoy ears, and at HHM it takes five years or never asopposedtosomewhereb etweenfiveyearsandneverat HHM.


Not bad N ottooshabby .
Also help me repay my law school loan Y eah , and thenthere  ' smylaw - schoolloans .
How much more thousands of dollars Whatisthat - - acouplegrandbynow ?
Only a few thousand would be fine. I wish .
I had other expenses I hadtofinancethewholethingwas still taking mailroom wages andwasonlymakingmailr oommoney.
Fifteen thousand left to pay I  ' vegot like $ 1 5 , 0 0 0 left .
Sweikartwantsyoubad really wants to poach you S chweikartwantsyoubad , huh ?
But Jimmy But , J - - but , Jimmy ,
Did you have something you needed ?
If not, just call and ask No , no . I wasjustcheckingin .
See you later U h , I  ' llseeyoulater , okay ?
If you do well I fyouplayyourcardsright .
Bye Bye .

Omar where are you O mar , whereareyou ?
O mar , wouldyoubesokindastot akealetterforme ?
' Dearest Clifford ' is not too much ' Dearest Clifford . . . ' No , that  ' stoomuch .
'Dear Clifford' 'D ear Cliff . . . '
Do you think it should be called Clifford or Clifford W haddayathink - - C liffordor C liff ?
I don 't know what letter to read I don  ' t - - it depends on what thelet teris .
It 's alright, just read and write. T hat  ' sfine . Treatyourself .
Dear U h , ' D ear . . . ' W hoeveryouputin .
Next 'My heart is heavy like' C ontinuing - - uh , ' M yheartisheavyas - - '
No it sounds like a physical condition No o , thatsoundslikeamedica lcondition .
'It 's with a heavy heart' Okay' I tiswithaheavyheart, 'O kay ?
'It is with a heavy heart that I send to Davis Maine' I tiswithaheavyhearttha t I tendermyresignation
' Formal submission of resignation ' ' to Davis &amp; Main . '
'Submit' is better than 'Submit'.' T ender ' isbetterthan ' Submit , ' Y eah ?
Do you say Resignation ? Yes Yes , sir . ' Submitted to Davis Main . . .
S o , ' Tender , ' Blah , blah , blah , ' T o D avis &amp; Main . ' Days at work here' Thesehavebeen , uh ,
' was the most professionally fulfilling period of my life ' ' someofthemostprofessi onallysatisfyingdaysso fmylife . . . '

what 's wrong What  ' swrong ?
Is it a bit too much Doyouthink I  ' mlayingitontoothick ?
No . . . No , um . . . I just didn 't expect you to be so pissed off here I justdidn  ' trealizehowunhappyyou werehere .
Not by gasN otunhappy , perse .
Rather . . unhappy Morelike . . .
N o t   h a p p y .

I didn 't see I hadnoidea at all. Not your fault buddy I t  ' snotyourfault , buddy .
You are very capable. I t  ' sjust - - you  ' retop - notch .
Where did we write W herewerewe ? But you worked so hard to get it all It  ' sjusty - you worked sohardtogeth ere ,
If you give up now you will lose a lot andit ' ssomuchtogiveup - -
Just say your perks I - I mean, theperksalone. Yeah Yeah.
The apartment does . . . nice T hepartmentis , uh . . .
Y eah . And the car A ndthecar . That car is overall pretty good Forthemostpart , carisprettysweet .


There is also a signing bonus A ndthebonus .
The bonus has arrived Thebonusisadonedeal .
They already gave me the check I t  ' s -- they already cutmethech eck .
Bonus I can keep I gettokeepthebonus . Unless you resign Notifyouquit .
Resign within a certain period of time I remember you is within a year B eforeacertainterm - - I thinkyoursisayear - -
You have to pay the money back you have to pay the money back.

Yes. . .
I t ' s ,   u m . . .

Crawling .. .Y eah, uh, um ...
Right here. . . U h , uh , yeah , it  ' s , uh . . .
It should be here I thinkit  ' sright , uh , there .
I look at Yeah .

Omar this O mar . . . T hatwhole , uh ,
letter - of - resignationthing
I 'm not serious about not counting a word that - - I didn  ' tmeanthat , notaword .
I. . .
I . . .
I 'm just I-I 'msoincredibly
Too much stress stressedout.
Too much stress I 'mstressedout.
And frankly A ndfrank - - tobehonest , to adapt to Davis Main 's work rhythm itasbeenmoreofanadju stment
It was more difficult than I expectedhereat Davis &amp; Main .
So I kinda don 't tell people what I just said A ndso I just - - don  ' trepeatwhat I saidtoanyone .
I just felt something was wrong I figured somethinghadtobewrong - -
It must be wrong because you like working here I mean , reallywrongbecauseyou likeithre , right ?
I love it to death. I just lost my mind for a moment I t - - callit ? A momentarylapseofreason .
We A ndbutjust - - let 's forget about it Let 's justrewindthetapeand , youknow , forgetthishappened .

No problem absolutely don 't say M um  ' stheword .
No oproblem . I feel better Yeah , I feelbetteralready . Sometimes I have to say something out loud I - - youknow , sometimes , you have to say something outloud
Just realized how ridiculous that sounds tohearhowcrazyitsound s .
Thank you OmarT hankyou , O mar .


Albuquerque twenty-six miles


Jimmy McGill Jimmy Mcgill

Nice to meet you Al G reattomeetyou , A l .
- Nice tie - thanks - N icetie . - T hanks .
Alright Allright .
Let 's get started Let 's getstarted , shallwe ?


What are you doing Whatareyoudoing ?
Doug got a juicer for the office Hey , Doug ! Gottajuicerfortheoffice !
Jimmy is too loud Jimmy , it  ' sveryloud !
- Brian comes in - our client is outside - Brian , comeonin !
-   W e   h a v e   c l i e n t s   o u t   t h e r e !
- Ok two cups right now - Jimmy - Sure , youcan ! T wocomingrightup ! - Jimmy - -
Sometimes too much jam will block Sometimes, itgetsalittlejammed.
You have to force it like this Youjustgottoforceit .
Y e a h !
Oh my gosh, shit!

Shit splashing all over the place S hi--I 'm--I 'mspreadingitaround.
- did it splash on you - no - D id I getyou ? - N ah .
OMG Jimmy F or C hrist  ' ssakes , Jimmy !

B ackwardsonly - - solobackward - o , yeah ?
Because of this, there is the principle of suction leverage. Because , uh , you  ' vegotsuctionthatway , leverage .
This is Physics I t  ' sphysics - - elphysico !
Mr. Clifford wants the floors clean Oh , D on C lifford wantsshisfloors clean - -
Clean and clean limpio, limpiar.
Do you understand [the above dialogue mixed with Spanish] U h .
Dude I 'm Michigan D ude , I  'm from M Michigan .
So you can 't understand a word of what I just said. S oyoudon  ' tunderstandaword I  ' vebeensaying .
Well Well . . .
Good night Goodnight .
Come and try to suck upside down No o , youtry .
B a c k w a r d s .


Sorry Excuseme.
Please pay attention to Can I haveeveryone  ' sattention , please ?
Can you all hear it? E veryonecanhearme?
G ood . Frankly I never thought of Frankly , thisisnotaconversatio n
In my own career to give this speech I everthought I would have in myprofessi onalcareer , but I noticed butit  ' sbeenbroughttomyattention
toilet out of condition thatwehaveanongoingsi tuationinthewashroom.
Some people do not flush S omeoneisnotflushing .
Once is an accident and twice is also O nceisanaccident - - maybeeventwice.
Three times to form a pattern Threetimes - - no , that  ' sapattern .
And it 's not pissing yet A ndwe  'renottalkingaboutanum berone.
Yes thank you Erin Yes . Thankyou , E rin .
I 'm not here to embarrass anyone Now , I  ' mnotheretoshameanyone - -
I don 't even want to know who did it but . . .
N o r   d o   I   e v e n   w a n t   t o   k n o w   w h o   d i d   i t ,   b u t   - -
Clifford is what I did U h , Cliff , itwasme .
Jimmy I said I don 't want to know Jimmy , I justsaid I didn  ' twanttoknow .
We need to save water Hey , weneed the water . I heard the water level in Santa Fe I readsomewherethatthe Santa Fewatershed
This year fell five centimeters isdown twofullinchesthisyear. Every time you flush the water E verytimeyouflushatoil et ,
All wasting a gallon of water a gallon youwastegallonofwate r - - agallon !
What better way to save than not flushing Whatcouldbegreaterthan this?
Those are low flow toilets Jimmy T hey  ' relow - flowtoilets , Jimmy .
From now on you have to flush F romnowon , flush .
Low - flow - - that  ' sgood .
Great idea Goodthinking.


What sound Whatisthat?

Jimmy , what  ' sgoin  ' oninthere ?
Jimmy Jimmy !
Can you hear through the door Oh , youcouldhearthisthrou ghthedoor ?
I didn 't notice sorry I didn  ' trealize .
I  ' msorry . What are you doing What do you think you  ' redoing ?
I accepted your suggestion U h , I took youradvice .
I 'm releasing stress I 'mblowingoffsteam.
Release pressure B lowingoffsteam ?
Yeah like you play the guitar Yeah , yeah , likeyouandyourguitar , youknow ?
I have to say you 're right U m , I gottosay - - you  ' reright .
This is very helpful for stress relief I mean, itreally helps with stre ss.
The sound is not very good but I just learned I know I don  ' tsoundverygood , but I  ' mjustlearning .
I heard that the key is to keep this airbag inflated I heard thatthekeyisyouh avetokeepthisbaginfla ted .
Enough Enough ! Put it down quickly for me Putthatdown . N ow .
You come to my office I wantyouinmyoffice .

You win Youwin .

What do I win What do I win ?
You were fired You  ' refired .
What Clifford if it 's because of that bagpipe . . . What ? C liff , ifthisisaboutthebagpi pes - -
Not because of that bagpipes. It 's not about the bagpipes.
Of course it 's because the bagpipes are Well, ofcourseit 'sthebagpipes.Because the bagpipes are because it 's not flushingIt 'sthebagpipes,andit 'sthenotflushing
Also because of your . . . dazzling so-called suit
Because . . . because you want to keep your winnings I t  ' sabout - - it  ' saboutyoukeepingyourb onus
All because of this T hat  ' swhatthisisabout .
You 've been brushing up on contract law lately, haven 't you been brushingupon your contractlaw , haven  ' tyou ? You obviously want to get out of here Youwantouttahere , clearly ,
But you can 't resign or the bonus won 't be guaranteed Butyoucan  ' tjustupandquitandexpe cttokeepyourbonus .
If I fire you for your misconduct A ndif I fireyouforcause - - I should fire you while you 're doing the commercials . . .
L ike I shouldhavedoneforthe TV commercial - - The bonus also has no A gain , nobonus . But However ,
If I fire you not for cause but for beinganall - aroundjackass . . . you get it Y eah . . H urrayforyou .
I f   y o u   t h i n k   t h e r e ' s   b e e n   s o m e   m a l f e a s a n c e   h e r e   - -
O h , saveit .
I could argue with you but I don 't want to waste time for you I couldfightyouonthis , butyou  ' renotworthmytime .
I 'm sorry you think so I 'm sorryyoufeelthatway.
I 'm going . . . pack up I 'lljust, uh . . . packup .
First . . . do well First . . . D omethefavor
Don 't take me for a fool ofnottreatingmelikeaf oolforonce .
Tell me what 's wrong with me T ellme - - howexactlydid I mistreatyou ?
What the hell did I do to make you do this to me Whatdid I doodeserveiskindofbe havior ?
We have given you the opportunity to encourage you to develop We egaveyouopportunities , encouragedyoutoexcel .
It is equipped with a car and a room for you, Wegotyouacar , anapartment . There is also a rosewood desk H ell , thatcocobolodesk .
Have you ever seen a desk like that here Doyouseeadesklikethati nhere ?
You are not seriously considering Younevergavethisachance at all.
why ?
I tried to make it work - - really , I - I did .
I just . . . don 't fit here I 'mjust . . . asquarepeg.
If you already knew why did you take the job I fyouknewthat, why did you take the job?
I 'm sorry I 'm sorry.
How much is that desk Howmuchwasthedesk ?
Seven thousand $ 7 , 000 .
I 'll write you a check I 'llwriteyouacheck.
Casually though I don 't know what to use Fine , forwhatevergoodthatdo es .
Take your desk out of here Takeyourdeskandgetout.
Clifford anyway I think you are a good man Hey , Cliff , forwhatit  ' sworth , I thinkyou  ' reagoodguy .
Anyway I think you 're an asshole F orwhatit  ' sworth , I thinkyou  ' reanasshole .


Mr. Hamlin, sorry to inform you that I will be resigning



The door is open U h , yeah , it  ' sopen .

- Jimmy - can I talk to you - Jimmy . - Hey .
C a n   I   t a l k   t o   y o u   f o r   a   m i n u t e ?
Does Howard know you 're here? Does Howardknowyou  ' rehere ?
Of course not knowing the God I slipped in, no. I snuckin.
ok but hurry up Well , uh , yeah , butmakeitquick .
Actually, can we go to the conference room to talk actually , canwe , uh , talkintheconferencero om ?
why ?
This is more formal. I t  ' sjust more appropriate .
No one 's going to have a meeting before four I 've seen U m , noone  ' sgonnaneedittill 4 : 0 0 - - I checked .
Okay P lease ? Up to ten minutes 1 0 minutes , tops .
You first please A fteryou .

Take a seat Haveaseat .
what . . what 's going on What - - whatisgoingon ?
Say S pillit.

Okay O kay . Sweikart Cokely will help you pay off your debt to Hamlyn McGill S chweikartand C okelywillpayyourdebtt o HHM
and promote you to partner after two years and make youapartnerint woyears , correct ?
Apparently yes. It is so agreed that T hat  ' sthedeal , yes .

What 's wrong? Would you consider a better job opportunityW ouldyouentertainabett eroffer ?

Who gave Hamlyn McGill Associates From romwhom - - HHM ?
I From .
I 'll make you a partner tomorrow I 'llmakeyouapartnertomo rrow.
Take this as a proofC onsiderthatproofofconcept - -
Wexler-Mcgill, partnersatlaw.
You and me together Youandme , together .
Sweikart can help you pay your debts I can also I f S chweikartcanpayyourde bt , socan I . Plus my signing bonus A ndwithmysigningbonus ,
You can start from scratch with you  'llhaveacleanslate.
The future is infinite. Thesky  ' sthelimit .
Hey, we 're good together.
This you know Youknowthat. Still hesitating what S o , what  ' sstoppingus ?
Be your own boss L et  ' sjumpinwithbothfeet , beourownbosses ,
Build our future buildourownfuture together.
'Be Your Own Boss' 'B eourownbosses.'
Where are the clients from Whataboutclients ?
You just signed Mesa Verdejust signedwithyou , didn  ' tthey ?
It 's hard to poach them. I t 'llbeahardselltotaketh emwithme.
Then find another Mesa Verde Bank S o , then therewillbeanother M esa Verde .
It 's all up to you Kim T hatwasalyou , Kim . How hard can you sign this and another Youdiditonce .
Y o u   c a n   d o   i t   a g a i n .


You talk easily You makeitsoundeasy . Not this man in front of youN o . You  ' retalkingtoaguy
But the wholived in the backofanailsalon who lived in the nail salon for many years.
Of course it 's not easy. It 's definitely a lot of effort and sweat. No , thisisgonnabeawholelo tofblood , sweat , and tears - -
At least at first it must be tough atleast , atthestart . But in the end we will have our own business Butintheend , we  ' llhaveapracticethatis 1 0 0 % of ours ,

Well worth that  ' sworthit .
It is also possible to fail empty-handed O rwefail and endupwithnothing .
You 're right it 's a gamble Well, you  ' reright - - it  ' sagamble .
It 's a big gamble I t  ' sabigone . Yes but you bet on yourself Yeah , but you  ' rebettingonyourself ,
As far as I can see you have a good chance of winning and from where I sit , theoddsareinyourfavor .
You are an excellent lawyer You  ' reanamazinglawyer . This is your chance to show the world that .

Then why don 't I go to Sweikart S o , whynotgoto S chweikart ? They also make me a partner They  'llmakemepartner ,
And their law firm has a good reputation for reliability and theyareasolid , respectablefirm .
There is no denying that Youcan 'tdenythat.
You shouldn 't be content with such a lateral move, Youdeservemorethanjust alateralmove.
This is Bottomline - that  ' swhat S chweikartrepresents .
He 's just another Howard Hamlin. He 'sjust H oward Hamlinbyadifferentname.
You keep talking about me and Sweikart Y oukeeptalkingaboutmea nd S chweikart .
What about you and Davis &amp; Main ?
I resigned today T hat  ' sover .
I   q u i t   t o d a y .
Strictly speaking I got fired Well, technically, I gotfired.
What 's wrong W hathappened ?
Dislike each other and have been long since I twasmutualandalongtim ecoming . This job was not suitable for me from the beginning T hatjobwasnevertherigh tfitforme .
This is T hisis .
If the two of us are going to be law firm partners I fwe  'regonnabelawpartners , there is one thing I need to confirm I needtoknowonething .

What kind of lawyer would you be Whatkindoflawyerareyou gonnabe ? I don 't mean what you 're going to specialize in I mean I don  ' tmeanwhatkindoflaware yougonnapractice .
I mean will you follow the rules areyougonnaplayitstraight , or continue orareyougonna . . .
Play all kinds of tricks becolorful ?
I 'll play by the book and never out of line I 'mgonnaplayitstraight, rightdowntheline.
I would be very careful I  ' mgonnadotevery ' I , ' and I  ' mgonnacrossevery . . .
T here  ' snopointinmedoingthis if I can  ' tbemyself .
E verytime I trytodothingssomeonee lse  ' sway,
I 'm going to screw things up itblowsupinmyface.
That 's the case at Davis &amp; Main . T hat  ' swhathappenedat Davis &amp; Main .
See how it turned out Lookhowthatturnedout.
I almost ruined your career and pissed everyone off I almostderailedyourcar eer , pissedeveryoneoff .
I 've always tried to live by other people 's expectations I 'vebeentryingtobethepe rsonsomeoneelsewantsm etobefor . . .
I don 't know how long it 's been I don  ' tknowhowlong .
I mean , first , itwas Chuck ,
Then you it wasn 't your fault thenitwasyou - - and that  ' snotyourfault .
That was my own choice T hatwasmychoice . But if we were to do Butifwe  'regonnadothis ,
I want to be myself I gottogointoitasme . So yes S o , yeah .

I guess I will continue to play tricks Colorful , I guess .
What do you think of Whatdoyousay ?
I just I just . . .
I don 't understand why we have to work together I don  ' tsee whyit  ' ssoimportanttoyouthat weworktogether .
We have . . . I mean , we  ' realready . . .
Why do you still want me to join W hydoyouneedmeforthis ?
I don 't need you I want you I don  ' tneedyou - - I wantyou .
you already have me . . .
Y o u ' v e   g o t   m e . . .
Just not a partner Justnotasalawpartner .
I have to go back to work I havetogetbacktowork.

Are you all right Youokay ?
It 's okay Yeah.
I 'm fine. No, I 'mfine.
Go Goon .


When will you meet Seeyoulater ?
See you soon .

You also saw that this house can be moved into I t  ' smove - inready , asyoucansee .
A ndthey 'verenovatedwithinthep astthreeyears have been renovated in the past three years-- floors and kitchen are new newfloors, newkitchen.
There is also a lot of space A ndit  ' sagoodamountofspace .
Do you think this house is too much? I t  ' snottomuchhouse , youthink ?
Not at all No o , notatall .
Look at that backyard. A ndlookatthatbackyard.
They left the little house here They  ' releaving theplayhouse .
Isn 't it great I sn  ' tthatamazing ?
Kylie sure loves Kayleewillgocrazyforth at .
- She must be in and she doesn 't want to come out - huh - You  ' llnevergetherouttathe re .
- I know , right ? The most important is A ndthemostimportantpart - -
The surrounding schools are very good and the neighbors are also great theschools aregoodandt heneighborhoodisgreat . I called the police district and asked about the crime rate.
Here is one of the lowest in the city they  'resomeofthelowestinth ecity.
And his tone is good P lus , I gotagoodvibefromhim .
Sounds very responsible Like , they sounded really resp onsive .
It 's pretty good T hatsoundsperfect .
Yes Yeah.
Do you like it Doyoulikeit ?
I am happy if you are happy I fyou  ' rehappy , I  ' mhappy .
Do you like it Doyoulikeit ?
Yes I like but I Yeah , I do , but I  ' m - -
- But what - needs a lot of money - Butwhat ? - I t  ' salotofmoney .
I know I keep repeating but it does cost a lot of money I know - - I  'mlike abrokenrecord , butitis .
This you don 't have to worry about Youdon  ' tworryaboutthat .
Buy it no matter how much it costs We  'llmakeithappen , whateverthecost .
- Mike - I 'm serious - Mike . - Hey , I  ' mserious .
Don 't think about it Notanotherthought .
Buy it if you want. I fyouwantit , it  ' syours .


How is the house Howwelooking ?
It 's great. Oh, it 's perfect.
- Deal - Very Good - L et  ' sdoit . - F antastic .
Do you still have time D oyouhaveanotherhour ? We can go to the officeW eouldgodowntotheoffice ,
Apply for loan pre-approval like getthepre - approvalinorder , allthat .
May we meet Oh there, soundsgood.
W e ' l l   m e e t   y o u   t h e r e .
S ure. S eeyouinafew.
I can finally breathe a sigh of relief Oh, I feellike I can finally breathe.
Okay I 'm glad G ood . I  ' mglad ​​.

Do you want to take my car Youwannaridetogether ?
No I will follow you to drive No , I  'llfollowyouover . The car is good Carlooksgood .
You can 't even see the scratches.W ouldn  ' tevenknow yousomuchasscratchedi t .
Yes, the mechanic is good. Yeah, um, myguyknowshisstuff.

Dad thank you for everything T hankyou , pop , foreverything .

Drive to Yogoonnow .
- see you there - OK - I  'llseeyouthere . -  ' kay .










Sorry I almost lost you at the traffic light just now S orry I almost lost youatthatli ght .
It 's okay No oproblem .

Watch the fishtank Watch thefishtank .

Left T otheleft .
My left is my left M yleft , myleft . Well T here .


What do you think Whatdoyouthink ?
行   U h ,   y e a h .
Kinda . . . It  ' s , um . . .

Okay Yeah.

What to do with this thing What should I . . . dowiththis ?
Dumpit onthesideoftheroad - -
I also picked up T hat  ' s where I gotitin the first place by the roadside.


- For buddy- no- Hey , buddy . - O h , no .
- You helped me too much to have a drink - it really doesn 't matter - T hisisoverandabove . H owaboutadrink ? - T hat  ' sokay , really .
- I want a drink - no need - I know I coulduseone . - No o .
Come on I treat C omeon . I  ' mbuying .
I really don 't need to drive a long distance car No , I  ' mgood . Longdrive .
Drink some cucumber water before hitting the road C ucumberwaterforthero d ?
It 's alright thanks I 'm--I 'mtotallyset.
T hankyou . I have to go home to take care of the children Gottagethometomykids .

What about you Howaboutyou ? What are you going to do now What are yougonnadonow ?
Go forward O nward and upward .

Thank you Omar T hanks , O mar .
Safe journey D rivesafe .



Hello hello ! This is Mr. James M. McGill 's law firm You  'vereachedthelawoffice sof James M. McGill.
M c G i l l ,   e s q u i r e .   請 留 . . .   K i n d l y   l e a v e . . .
Hello Hi .
Here is Jimmy McGill 's law firm You  'vereachedthelawoffice sof Jimmy Mc G ill .
Please leave a message P leaseleaveamessage , I will reply as soon as possible and I  'llgetbacktoyouassoona s I can .
Thank you Thanks .



Summary Judgments Yes I 've dealt with six Summaryjudgments ?
U h ,   y e s .   I ' v e   h a n d l e d   s i x .
Actually recently together very complicated Actually, onerecentlywasquiteco mplex.
I twasalitigation - - theresultofanastydivo rce caused by an unhappy divorce in a lawsuit. My client sued her former company, M yclientwassuingherfor mercompany,
In a letter of agreement she and her ex-husband divided the property of the company which sheandherexhadsp litintheirsettlement . The issues in it made me study the case law for weeks.

- Who tried - Judge Pittman - W hoheardit ? - Judge P ittman .

He 's hard to deal with T hatguy - - he  ' sahandful , huh ? He 's hard to deal with Well sometimes , hecanbeatoughnuttocra ck ,
But he ruled in my favor butedidruleinmyfavor.
All right, enoughaboutlaw, law, law.
We know you are great We eknowyou  'regood .
We know you are very knowledgeable W eknowyouknowyourstuff .
Talk About Kim WexlerT ellusabout Kim Wexler.
You started in the mailroom Youstartedinthemailroom .
- huh - that 's right - I sthatright ? - I did .
This was about ten years ago. I wastherealmost, uh, well, 10 yearsagonow.
It 's nice to climb step by step P ulledyourselfupbyyour bootstraps - - I like that . You went to the University of New Mexico Law School Are you a New Mexican I seeyouwentto UNM law .
A reyoufrom New M exico ? My hometown is not here Notoriginally .

I 'm from the Midwest,
Justiny , littletownbarelyonthe map - -
Youknow , that Kansas - Nebraskaborder .
You sure haven 't heard of You  ' veneverheardofit . So how did you come here So , whatbroughtyouhere ?
Ya Xu ...
I guess . . . one day I look back on my life and look back on who I was
I realised if I kept going the way I wasgoing . . .
Which wayWhichwaywasthat?Bestcase?
Probably married to the man who runs the gas station in town.
Or maybe working as a cashier in Hinkie Dinky Maybecashieringdownatt he H inky D inky .
- H inky what - H inky D inky - T he H inkywhat ? - H inky D inky .

Our supermarket there I twasoursupermarket .
I just want something else I justwantedsomethingel se .
What do you want Whatdidyouwant ?

More More .


Thank you for coming to chat with you. It 's a pleasure. Well, thanksforcomingby.
A l w a y s   a   p l e a s u r e .
Finally got to meet me. Great toputafacetothena me.
- thank you - we 'll discuss it together - O h , thanks . - Wearegonnaputourheadst ogetheranddiscuss , but I can promise but I feelsafetosaythatyouc anexpect
I can give you a message tomorrow at the latest tohearfromusbytomorro watthelatest .
That would be awesome T hat  ' s . . . fantastic .
I am looking forward to I lookforwardtoit . We fell in love with you as soon as you walked in We likedyouwhenyoucamei nhere .
I like you more now We likeyoumorenow .
Thank you for taking the time Well , thankyousomuchfortaki ngthetime ,
Let 's talk later and I will , uh , speaktoyousoon .
Nice to meet you Lynne I twasgreattomeetyou , Lynne .
- Me too - Goodbye Perry - You , too . - P erry .
Lucky Gold Pleasure , Kim .
- Howard - Actually I 'm Rich - Howard .
-   I t ' s   R i c h ,   a c t u a l l y .
oh my god so sorry oh mygod . i  ' msosorry .
No I 'm glad you confused me with Howard No , no , no , no . I 'mhappytobeconfusedwithH oward.
He 's so handsome don 't take it to heart He  'sadamngood - lookingman .
D on  ' tworryaboutit . Come on I 'll send you out U h , comeon .
I ' l l   w a l k   y o u   o u t .




hello i want to see jimmy hi .
I ' m ,   u h ,   h e r e   t o   s e e   J i m m y .
He is meeting He  ' sinameeting .
- A meeting - please take a seat - A meeting ? - Haveaseat .
Listen A nd , listen - -
I don 't want to hear the word 'license' again I don  ' teverwanttohearthewor d ' P ermit ' again .
Do you understand C apisce ?
You 'll be punished buddy I t  ' syourfuneral , dude .
What are you doing here Whatareyoudoinghere?
Just came to the nearby Justintheneighborhood .
Good Great .
This time I want a dolly Oh , and I wantadollythistime .
Both are mobile camera brands
What kind of 'Western' 'Liar' 'Little Guy' Whatkind?
W e s t e r n ?
H u s t l e r ?
P ee - wee?
Watch your mouth aroundt helady , watch your mouth aroundt helady .
How do I know Howthehellshould I know ?
You just know it 's cheaper. You  ' rethenerd . Justmakeitcheap .
go now No , goon .
G e t   o u t t a   h e r e .


I see you got your old car back I seeyougotyouroldcarba ck. Yeah Yeah.
Don 't even donate. Thekidneypeople wouldn 't takeit .


Sorry Sorry.
You finally got a rosewood desk Well , you finally got yourcoco bolodesk .
I finally have a cocobolo desk F inallygotmycocobolode sk . It 's a good sign F eellikeit  ' sagoodomenforwhat  ' snext .
What good thing A nd what  ' s that ?
Just this T his .
The individual law firm once again works for itself S olopractice , beingmyownmanagain .

S o , how  ' ditgowith S chweikart ?
It went well U h , wentwell .
Tomorrow you can get the acceptance letter, Shouldbegettingtheirof fertomorrow .
Really nice T hat  ' sfantastic .
I 'm so happy for you I 'mreallyhappyforyou.
Thank you T hanks . Should we celebrate Youknowwhat ?
W e   s h o u l d   c e l e b r a t e .
Eat a burger and I 'll treat Whataburger - - onme .
I won 't take that job I 'm not taking the job.

Why W hynot ? You are right I should be my own boss Youwereright - - it  ' stimeformetobemyownbo ss .

Individual law firm Solopractice .
Why do you think this is not good again What ? Youdon  ' tthinkit  ' sagoodideanow ?


Don 't tell me you changed your mind D on  ' ttellme you  ' vechangedyourmind .
No I 'm just surprised No , I  ' m - - I  ' msurprised , isall .
I always said Hey , I s - - I saidallalong ,
You 're too good, those hillbillies don 't deserve you  ' retoogoodforhoseclow ns .
This is really . . .
I   m e a n ,   t h i s   i s ,   u h . . .
Awesome S hit , yeah .
W ow!
Great It 's great. Good Good.
For this I have a proposal Tothatend . . .
I   h a v e   a   p i t c h   f o r   y o u .

Not Wexler McGill but Wexler Not W exler - Mc G ill , but W exler . . .
and McGill and Mc G ill . We find an office to share the property costs Wefindanoffice , sharethehousekeepingc osts ,
Rent, electricity, everything therent , electricity - - everything . But I 'm attorney Kim Wexler B ut I am Kim W exler , attorneyatlaw ,
You are attorney Jimmy McGill andyouare Jimmy Mc G ill , attorneyatlaw , we can all practice bothfreetopracticeasw eseefit as we wish.

Two law firms under the same roofSeparatefirmsunderoner oof ?
We 're all going out of town why not carpool We  'rebothheadeduptown , sowhycan  'tweshareataxi ?
You come your way and I come your way Youdothingsyourway , and I dothemmine . We have freedom We  'll have freedom , but we won 't be alone butwearen  ' teachtryingtogoitalon e .

Not partners but individual lawyers who work together Notpartners - - solopractitioners , together .

What do you think Whatdoyouthink? I don 't know what to say I don 'tknowwhattosay.
Say yes Sayyes .
Everyone Studying Abroad—— Open a new era of one-way charging
The United Kingdom, Australia, and Japan apply for many American universities for free, and fast admission
Renren Study Abroad 【Free Application】 is on the line, hurry up and log on to www.rrliuxue.com
