0 0 : 0 0 : 0 6 , 3 2 0 - -&gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 0 9 , 4 9 0 You go down the stairs and you see a wooden treasure chest You walkdownahalway and cometoawoodenchest . What are you going to do Lord Gray G ray Matter , whatdoyoudo ?
I use my dagger to poke treasure chests for traps I pokeitwithmydaggertos eeifthereareanytraps .
There are no traps T herearenotraps .
What are you going to do Fire Beak , whatdoyoudo ?
- Billy - what - Billy ? - What ?
You are the flame beak Youare Fire Beak .
Well Okay.
So what are you going to do Sowhatdoyoudo?
I am the flame beak I  ' m Fire Beak .
Hey, guys, I brought snacks.
Thank you Mom T hanks , M om .
What board games are you guys playing Ladders and Slides Whatarey  ' allplaying , C hutes and L adders ?
Dan is teaching us how to play Dungeons &amp; Dragons Tamisteachingus Dungeons &amp; D ragons .
We 're doing We 'reonaquesttofind
Find the quest the pitchforkofadeviln amed B aalzebul .
I am the flame beak I  ' m Fire Beak .
Is this the devil Andisthisthedevil?
not he just a monster without pants No , he  ' sjustamonsterwhodoesn  ' twearpants .
Well Oh, I see.
Yeah he let that thing out with Yes , oh , he  ' sjusthangingrightoutt here , isn  ' the ?
Okay Okay , well . . .
The kids had a great time Youkidshavefun . My mom doesn 't believe in the elves M ymotherdidn  ' tbelieveinelves ,
fairies and dragons fairies , ordragons .
George George !
But she believes there is a devil Butshedidbelieveinthed evil . And she doesn 't think A ndshedidnotviewhim
It fits her son 's playmate asanappropriateplayma teforherson.
George George !
♪ No one in the world is stronger than me♪ ♪ No bodyelseisstrongerth an I am ♪
♪ Yesterday I moved a mountain ♪ ♪ Y esterday I movedamountain ♪
♪ I believe I can be your hero♪ ♪ I bet I couldbeyourhero ♪
♪ I 'm an amazing little guy ♪ ♪ I amamightylittleman ♪
♪ I 'm an amazing little guy ♪ ♪ I amamightylittleman ♪
juvenile
Shelton

I 'm really worried about I 'mworried.
There are spells in this book to summon real demons T hereareincantations in thisbooktosummonactua ldemons .
No wonder we have this demon by our side I showhowwewoundupwith you ?
Pretty funny so I spare your life T hat  ' sagoodone . I  ' mgonnagiveyouthat . Don 't take T hisisnotajoke lightly.
This is what the church has warned about T hisisoneofthechildren 'sgames
That inappropriate kid 's game wewerewarnedaboutinch urch .
Then tell him not to play T hentellhimtostopplaying .
It 's not that easy. It 's not thateasy.
He finally made a few friends He  ' sfinallygotacoupleoff riends . I don 't want to scare off his friends I don  ' twanttoscarethemoff . Well , when you  ' rereadytoscarekids ,
This scary face is ready to be dispatched yougotthisfacelockeda ndloaded .
Enough of the last one, A llright , theotheronewasfunny ,
This one is just you slut nowyou  ' rejustbeingajackass . You two had a good time I am so happy I  ' mgladyou  ' rebothamused ,
But our precious son 's soul may be in danger butourlittleboy ' ssoulmaybeatstake.
Comeon please.
I also listened to a lot of Black Sabbath bands when I was a kid When I wasakid , wewerelistening to Black S abbath ,
They sang a bunch of demon songs allthatdevilmusic.
I 'm fine too D idn  ' thurtme .
Satan has not come to reap my soul Satandidn  ' tgetmysoul .
Where did your soul go to exchange it for donuts? What hathappenedtoit? Y outradeitforsomedonuts?
You brought it yourself You hadthatonecoming .



hello mr sparks hello ?
M r .   S p a r k s ?
- Hello Mary - Are you free now - Oh , hello , Mary . - Gottaminute ? Sure , what  ' sup ?
I was a little worried about a game that kids play U m , I was just concerned about agame that the boys were weep laying
I don 't know if your couple know about this and waswonderingifyoua ndyourwifeknewaboutit .
A game?
Yes a very bad game Yes , averydisturbingone .
What game are you talking about Well , what  ' rewetalkingabout ? Did you catch them scratching each other 's butts Didyoucatchthoseboyspl ayinggrabass ? Not Dungeons &amp; Dragons No .
D u n g e o n s   &   D r a g o n s .
So everyone has their pants on, right? - Yes - what 's wrong with that? Yes. ? What  ' stheproblem ?
That content violated the teachings of the church whichgoesagainstthete achingsofthechurch.
But no one casually touches other people, right? Butnobody  ' stouchingnothing , right ?
no No .
Then I don 't know what you have to worry about Well, then I don  ' tquiteknowwhatyou  ' reworriedabout . - don 't you know - don 't know - Youdon  ' t ? - Nope .
I am only thankful that Billy made friends I  ' mjustthankful Billy found some friends and stopped eating dirt and stable grass andheain  ' teatingdirtandcrabgra ssanymore .
I don 't know when he suddenly liked to eat those Somepoint, hejustgotatasteforit.
Say an unrelated O nanunrelatednote , uh ,
Have you had a haircut or a haircut recently youdoingsomethingneww ithyourhair ?
It looks so beautiful I tlooks , uh , realpretty .
No but thank you for the compliment No o , but thank you .
Okay I won 't bother you. O kay , well , I  ' mgonnaleaveyoutoit .
Smells good too S mellsgood , too . Good bye A llright . B ye - bye .
Do you want chicken for dinner Hey , youwantchickenfordinn er ?
I 'm going to help you kill a fat I 'llslaughterabigonefor yourightnow.
No thanks I 'mgood.
I 'd better kill one before you change your mind. I 'llkilloneincaseyoucha ngeyourmind.
No owwhichoneofyou  ' stiredofthislife ?
Just you You .


Excuse me Mr. Ruan Excuseme , Mr. r.
N guyen ? Hello Yes ?
You don 't know me I 'm Sheldon 's mother Hi , youdon  ' tknowme . I  ' m S heldon  ' smother .
That smart boy A h , thesmartboy .
Yes that smart boy Yes , thesmartboy .
You are very lucky, Youarelucky .
It is a blessing to have a wise son T ohaveasmartsonisagrea tjoy .
And I don 't have this happiness I donothavethatjoy. Surely not so Oh, I 'msurethat 'snottrue. I want to ask if you know Dan and Sheldon L isten, areyouawarethat Tamand S heldon
Are you playing a game called Dungeons &amp; Dragons?
Dungeons &amp; Dragons ? Yes , and it  ' s filled with demonsands atanicimages
But I also have guests to take care of
Please, I didn 't ask you anything and you didn 't give me much.
So what 's the problem with this game Sowhatistheproblemwith thisgame ?
The problem is Theproblemis,
This content is contrary to the teaching of the church itgoesagainsttheteach ingsofthechurch .
Okay listen to me A llright . Listentome .
Starving to death in a Viet Cong re-education camp is a problem A problemisstarvingtode athina C ommunistreeducationca mp .
That 's a problem when you have to clear mines for the Ho Chi Minh Trail whileyouremovelandmin esfromthe H o C hi M inhtrail .
A gameboysplaywithmake - believedemons ,
Not a problem notaproblem .
I think these are all problems Well . . .
I think they canallbeprob lems . you just pretend to go along with her and she 'll be gone
Sorry I agree with you I  ' msorry , I agree with you .
I will talk to Dan I willtalk to Tam .
That 's great thank you Oh , good . T hankyou .
Don 't bother then, nice to meet you Well, bye. N icemeetingyou.
Five bucks Fivedollars .

Pastor S o , Pastor . . .
How is the church doing recently? How  ' sthingsgoingatthechur ch ?
Feel free to call me Jeff P lease , callme Jeff .
Church everything is fine A ndeverything  ' sgoinggreat cause I have the coolest boss . I  ' msorry , but I  ' mkindofhavingahardtim e
Can 't understand the Holy Spirit calling you Jeff feeling the H oly S pirit calling you Jeff .
I 'll just call you Pastor I 'm-I 'mgonnastickwith Pastor.
No problem Sure . Thank you Pastor T hankyou , Pastor .
That 's right, it feels so much better. Yeah, that feels better.
Thank you so much for your visit, Pastor Jeff S oniceofyoutocomeover , Pastor Jeff .
He likes to be called Jeff Heprefers Jeff .
I 'm going to call him Pastor I 'mstickingwith Pastor.
Wait I changed my mind I 'm going to call you Mu Jie [ PJ ] Wait , I changedmymind . I  ' mgoingwith PJ .
Abbreviations are the same as pyjamas but it 's okay B ringstomindpajamas , but that  ' sfine , too .
But it 's about demons so it 's your jurisdiction butitisdemons, soit  ' sinyourpurview.
It is indeed I tisindeed . Actually at the recent Young Baptist Leadership Conference Infact , atarecent Young B aptist Leaders C onference ,
I also attended a seminar on satanic entertainment activities I attendedaseminaronsat anicleisureactivities .
Then what about A nd ? Then the point is A nd the important lessoni s , rather than have a parent or authority figure
come take the offending game take the offending game a way,
Let God take it and uproot it let Godremoveit , rootandstem .
Ask Mu Jie Question , PJ . How did the big guy above do this U h , how  ' sthebigguydothat ?
Simple , S heldonneedstostartatt ending Sundayschool .
If he likes books with demons and demons I fhelikesbookswithdemo nsanddevils ,
I 've got a book here that will blow his mind I 'vegotonethatwillblowhismind.
What book Whatbookisthat?
The Bible , George The Bible , George .
Sure Sure , yeah . I think the idea is awesome I think that  ' sawonderfulidea . But I 'm a little worried A lthough , I amconcerned
Sheldon may be a little rebellious that wemaygetalittlepu shback from S heldon.
Some A little ?
I don 't go No o , I won  ' tgo . I don 't believe in God I don  ' tbelievein God .
Believe it or not is not the point Well , now , whatyoubelieveinis not the point .
Mary please let me . . . Mary , if I may . . .
Sheldon I know you want to be a scientist one day S heldon , I understand youhopetobe scientistsomeday .
Yes sir Yes , sir . Then I ask you a question Well , letmeaskyouaquestion . You said you don 't believe in God Yousayyoudon  ' tbelievein God ,
but what kind of scientist would butwhatkindofscientis tcomestoaconclusion
What about jumping to conclusions without first doing the research ?
A badscientist.
That 's right T hat  ' sright .
Then let 's meet at eight o 'clock on Sunday morning S o I  'llseeyou Sundaymorning at 8 : 0 0 . No, youwon  ' t will not see me.
I cast the second level spell invisibility on myself I castasecondlevelspell ofinvisibilityonmysel f .
That game definitely didn 't make him smart. Well, that game isn 't makinghimanysmarter.


Shelly why are you still not sleeping S helly , whyaren  ' tyouasleep ?
I 'm doing prep for Sunday school I  ' mstudying for Sundayschool .
Are you reading the Bible? You  ' rereading the Bible ?
So good T hat  ' swonderful .
I have a question I dohaveaquestion . No problem you ask Sure , what ?
Is anyone in our town from the Amalektribe I sthereanyoneinourtown from the A malektribe ?
I don 't know what 's wrong I don  ' tknow , why ?
According to the book we should kill them and their cattle I fthereis, we  'resupposed to killthema ndtheircows.
No No Amalekites Well , no .
T here  ' sno A maleks. I 'll tell you T oldyou. Don 't bring us into temptation A ndleadusnotintotemptation,
deliver us from evil butdeliverusfromevil.
For the kingdom Forthineisthekingdom
the power and the glory and the power and the glor y
It 's all yours forever Amen foreverandever.
A men . - Amen - very good - A men !
-   V e r y   g o o d .
No owbeforewegetstartedt hismorning before we start this morning,
I want to introduce two new students ,
Sheldon and Missy Cooper.
Let 's welcome them Let 's givethemawarmwelcome.

What 's up Billy Yes , Billy ?
I know them I knowthem. Thank you Billy T hankyou , Billy . You 're welcome Pastor Jeff You  ' rewelcome , Pastor Jeff .
Last week No , uh , last week , we started talking about the Gospel of John .
Does anyone have any Doesanybodyhaveanotion
Asto what God  ' sgettingatinthatpassa ge ? Come Sheldon Yes , S heldon ? John 1st verse 1 to Chapterone , verseonestates ,
'In the beginning was the Word' Inthebeginningwasthe Word,
The Word is with God and the Word is God' and the W ordwaswith G od and the W ordwas G od .'
Very good Welldone . Thank you for reading this Gospel T hankyou last night . I readthegospelslastnight .
Flatterer S uckup .
Did you know when the Bible says 'The Word' Didyouknowwhen the Biblesays 'The Word' comes from the original Greek 'logos' they  ' retranslating the Greek expression ' logos '
And 'logos' means knowledge andlogosmeansknowledg e.
Sounds like someone hasan ogginfullof ' logos .'
Billy, you said Yes, Billy? We live on the same street, Theyliveonmyblock.
Thick stick Ryo T errific.



Can 't believe he 's reading the Bible I can  ' tbelievehe  ' sreading the Bible .
Yes I know .
I 'm actually quite grateful for the game 'Dungeons and Dragons' I  ' mactuallygratefultoth at D ungeons &amp; D ragonsgame .
It helped us lead him to God I thelpedleadhimto God.
Stop talking about God I xnayonthe O dsgay .

I 'm done I 'mdone.
Have you finished reading Youfinishedit ?
I read all the quiz what bird is kosher Allofit .
A s k   m e   w h i c h   b i r d s   a r e   k o s h e r .
This bait what bird I bite is kosher I 'llbite.
Which hichbirdsarekosher ? Chickens are quails and chicks, yes.
Q u a i l ,   y e s .
Owls didn 't expect it to be Owls, surprisinglyno.
There 's not much meat on them anyway. Well, therein  ' talotofmeatonthemanyw ay .
Shelly S helly, I 'm glad you got interested in religion I 'msohappyyou ' retakinganinterestinr eligion.
Yeah I am .
So I decided to learn about other religions and I  'vedecidedtoexploreoth erreligions , too . What did you say What  ' sthis , now ?
Pastor Jeff encouraged me P astor J effencouragedme to use the scientific method to approach religion toapproachreligionsci entifically ,
So it makes sense to enrich my database soitonlymakessensetoe nlargemydatabase .
No your knowledge reserve is Christian Baptist Church No , your databaseis B aptist .
You only need these data enough T hat  ' sallthedatayouneed .
Baptist data B aptistdata .
What other religions have you considered Whatotherreligionsyouc onsidering ?
Buddhist Judaism B uddhist , Jewish ,
Hinduism and Catholicism all consider Hindu , Catholic , allofthem . No no No Nope .
No.
T hat  ' snothappening . Why Well , why ?
A san American , don  ' t I have freedom of religion ?
Now Dungeons and Dragons stuff T hosedungeonsanddragon sarelookingprettygood
Doesn 't feel so bad rightnow , aren  ' tthey ?
I also want to study Voodoo I  'malso lookingintovoodo o .


Dan, you are Catholic, right? Tam , you  ' re Catholic , right ?
Yes Yes .
Tell me about E xplainittome . E xplainwhat ?
For example, let 's talk about who do you pray to Well , forstarters , whodoyouprayto ?
Probably Jesus God and the Virgin Mary I guess , Jesus , God and Mary .
Isn 't Jesus God? Jesus is not God? Not Jesus is God 's Son No, he ' shisson.
But you eat his flesh and drink his blood, Butyoudoeathim, and drinkhisblood.
There is also a holy spirit [ghost] O h , there  ' salsoaghost ,
But not the scary kind of ghosts butnotthescarykind. Like the movie 'Ghosts' Like Casper?
Yes Exactly . What does the Pope do A ndhowdoesthepopework ?
The Pope lives in the Vatican, Italy. Well, thepopelives in I taly.
He has a special papal car and a big pointed hat H ehasaspecialcar , andabigpointyhat .
is an awesome hat I t  ' sawonderfulhat . Is there anything else I should know about ?
You from time to time E veryonceinawhile ,
You have to go to a priest to confess your sins youhavetoconfessyours instoapriest .
Then you have the sin of arrogance Then you have the sinofpri de .
Your religion makes me feel bad Y ourreligionismakingme feelbad .
That 's how you know it works. T hat  ' showyouknowit  ' sworking .
Ms. Hutchins, what religion do you believe in? Ms. Hutchins.
H u t c h i n s ,   w h a t ' s   y o u r   r e l i g i o n ?
What 's wrong with my Mormonism I  ' ma M ormon , why ? I 'm doing an investigative report I  ' mconductingaresearchp roject . Can you tell me about Mormonism? C anyoutellmeaboutbeing a Mormon ?
This is Well founded in New York, itstartedin New York,
Someone found a gold plate that was buried in the ground whenamanfoundgoldplat esburiedunderground . On the gold plate it was written Theplatessaidthat ,
When we die we will fly to our own planet whenwedie , wegettogotourownplan et . Unless you are a woman Unlessyou  ' reawoman ,
Then you will soar to your husband 's planet thenyouhavetogotoyour husband  ' splanet .
But I won 't have this problem Butthatwon 'tbeaproblemforme.
Because I don 't have a husband I don  ' thaveahusband .
I only have my cat A ll I haveisacat .
A fat and fierce cat A big , meancat . Maybe I have a chance to go to its planet Maybe I  'llgettogotohisplanet .

Lonely C herylon P lanet C at .
I like her she is so interesting I likeher .
S h e ' s   f u n n y .
You 'll love Ira 's others well You  ' regonnalove I ra .
H e ' s   a   g r e a t   g u y .
Is he your boyfriend I sheyourboyfriend ?
is one of me so don 't talk about this Well , he  ' soneofthem , solet  ' snotbringthatup .

Is it convenient now I sthisagoodtime ? Of course please come in please come in A bsolutely .
C o m e   i n ,   c o m e   i n .
Ira this is my grandson Sheldon I ra , thisismygrandson S heldon . Sheldon this is my friend Ira S heldon , thisismyfriend I ra .
- hello- hello- hello .
-   H o w d y .
Grandma told me you were Jewish S o M eemawtellsmeyou  ' re J ewish .
Straight to the point Righttoit , huh ? All right , let  ' sdothis .
Please take P lease , sitdown . Thank you for your help T hankyousomuchforhelpi ngout .
Connie you know anything for you A w , C onnie , youknow , anythingforyou .
Sheldon S o , S heldon , are you hungry youhungry ? Want nasi [ dim sum ] Youwantanosh ?
I don 't know, I haven 't eaten Naxi I don  ' tknow , I  ' venevereatenanosh .
no la nasi not food U h , no , anoshisn  ' tathing ,
is . . . forget it  ' sa . . . nevermind .
Would you like some hard candy U m , wouldyoucareforsomeha rdcandy ?
Is this kosher? A retheykosher? How are you like my mother Who hoareyou, mymother?
Well, what can I do for you A llright , sowhatcan I doforyou ?
What 's it like to be a Jew What  ' sitliketobe J ewish ? It sucks I don 't recommend Oh , it  ' sterrible .
I don  ' trecommendit . - Why - in the first place - Why ? - Well , forstarters ,
You will be limited by many old and useless rules yourlifeishemmedinbya ancient , pointlessrules .
There 's a lot of roaring stuff T here  ' salotofyelling , and , uh ,
Then basically you can 't get into a good country club you  ' reprobably notgonna get into a goodcountryclub .
What about God What about God ? What about him What about him ?
Is He also a part of your life Doesheplayapartinyourl ife ?
Well , historically , he  ' sgottenakickoutofpuni shingus .
What about Jesus What about J esus ? He is a Jew. Hewas J ewish .
We Jews have many famous people. Oh, we  ' vegotalotofcelebrities .
We have actors William Shatner U h , we  'vegot , uh , wegot William Shatner ,
And actors Leonard Nimoy and Leonard Nimoy . . .
Captain Kirk and Spock?
I want to be a Jew. I want tobe Jewish . You wait H oldonasecond .
Wait . . . Sheldon I have a question for you Hold - - I gotaquestionforyou , S heldon .
Do you plan to stay in Texas when you grow up When yougrowup , areyouplanningonlivin gin T exas ?
Probably probably .
Then I strongly recommend that you continue to believe in Baptist. Then I stronglyadviseyoutost ay B aptist.
It would be better if you could wear a cross Maybeevenwearacross .
So why did you move to Texas When hydidyoumoveto T exas ? Well, that  ' ssimple .
There is no Jew here in Medford just opened a place M edfordhadno J ews , sotherewasanopeningfo rone .
And did you get a spot too much Andyougotit ?
G o o d   f o r   y o u .
I love this kid so much I lovethiskid .
I am also Me , too .



- How 's it going - Great - How  ' sitgoing ?
-   G o o d .
Did you know that the ancestor of Persian Zoroasterism believed in two gods Didyouknowthat Z oroasterbelievedintwo gods ?
I don 't know No , I didnot .
And Taoists don 't believe in God at all.
Instead, we believe in the unity of man and nature and the harmonious coexistence of nature. Theybelieveinaprincipl eofharmony .
Then they are awesome Howveryniceforthem . Shelly I know you like researching things Shelly , I understandyouenjoyres earchingthings .
Love Loveit . But one very important thing to remember Butit  ' simportanttokeepinmin d
There is only one true God in the world thatthereisonlyonetru e God .
You are called monotheism T hat  ' scalled monotheism .
If you 're interested in learning more about me here 's a book I haveabookaboutitifyou 'reinterested.It 's okay I have the most important 'that book'T hat 'sokay,I have thebookaboutit.
Would you be mad at me if I didn 't choose your religion W ouldyoubeangrywithmei f I don  ' tpickyourreligion ?
I 'll never be mad at you I couldn 't everbeangry with you .
You are free to explore your own truth Youbeaseekerofyourownt ruth .
Thank you Mom T hanks , M om .

But if the truth you have discovered is Satan, Andifthetruthturnsoutt obe Satan,
Then I will fight it to the end I willdobattlewithhim .


Sheldon welcomes you Welcome , S heldon .
We have been waiting for you for a long time We  ' vebeenwaitingforyou .
Are you the Ten Commandments?
Not No . We are 1 Weareone .
with 0 A ndzero . We are the binary code Wearethebinarycode
the foundations of the universe thatunderlies the unive rse .
What the Ten Commandments are just common mistakes Thetenthingisacommonmi stake .
I want to understand God I want to understand God .
Can you guys help me Can youhelpme ?
Did you not understand what we just said D idyounothearwhatwejus tsaid ?
This is a dual universe I t  ' sabinaryuniverse .
God is yes or no G odisyesandno .
Left and Right Left and Right .
On and off On and off .
With and without S omethingandnothing . Positive and negative Positiveandnegative .
Male and Female M aleandfemale . Light and Darkness Lightanddark .
Then why is there evil and suffering in the world Butwhyisthereevilandsu ffering ?
Without evil and suffering Well , withoutevilandsufferi ng , how can there be justice and happiness thereisnogoodandhappi ness. Oh duality Oh, sure.
B i n a r y .
we should tell him about S hallwegivehim the final pieceofinformation
The ultimate information that unlocks the truth of the universe thatunlocksthesecreto ftheuniverse ? Why not W hynot ? At least one person in the world should know the origin of all things A tleastonehumanbeingsh ouldknowthereasonfore verything .
Sheldon S heldon ,
before the universe bega n . . .
Fool Hey , dummy .
You drool all over the books You  ' redroolingalloveryour books .
No No No .
0 was about to tell me that secret was interrupted by you Zerowasabouttotellmeth esecretandyouruinedit . I never met 1 and 0 I neverheardfrom O neand Z eroagain .
But 9 came to see me once when I had chickenpox. A lthough, I wasoncevisited by Ninewhen I hadchickenpox.
He 's not at all as funny as he thinks he is. He wasalotlessfunnythan hethoughthewas.
Ok 'What God Means to Me' O kay, 'What Godmeanstome.'
Who wants to be the first to W ho  ' dliketogofirst ?
Billy Billy .
I want to be the third I  ' dliketogothird .
Good Allrighty .
Who wants to be the bravest Who  ' sfeelingbrave ?
Missy Missy .
I 'm the second I 'llgosecond.
Does anyone want to be the first? Great .
D o e s   a n y b o d y   w a n t   t o   g o   f i r s t ?
I 'll come to I 'llgo. ok you come to Sheldon O kay. C omeonuphere, S heldon.
Come hear your thoughts on L et  ' shearwhatyougot .
I spent a week last week learning about other people 's beliefs I  ' vespentthelastweekstu dyingwhatpeoplebeliev e ,
I ended up with a conclusion and I 'vecometoaconclusion.
A ndwhat  ' sthat ? I want to start my own religion I  ' mstartingmyownreligion .
Sorry what you said I 'msorry, what? I named it I 'mcallingit Mathology.
The core theme is that the universe is a binary It 'sbasedonauniversalbinarysystem.
Great Sheldon but this is Baptist Sunday School T hat  ' sterrific , S heldon , but thisisa B aptist Sundayschool .
I know I 'm here to convert everyone I know , I  ' mheretoconverteverybody . - Anyone - Okay - A nytakers ?
- OK .
Let 's go talk to your mother about L et  ' sgohaveatalkwithyourm om .
The only sin of Mathematical Theology is being a fool.

Welcome to Welcometothechurchof Mathology.
Today I want to talk about prime numbers Today I  'dliketotalkaboutprime numbers and why they bring us joy and whytheybringusjoy .
Praise God Hallelujah .
