0 0 : 0 0 : 0 4 , 1 8 0 - -&gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 0 4 , 9 9 0 What are you doing What are youdoing ? I heard youcouldpunchaho leinthese
can make it double-sided andmakethemdouble-sided.
Do you have double the storage space this way?
Yeah but I didn 't pay for double-sided floppydisk Yes , but I didn  ' tpayfora double - sidedfloppydisk .
So what about S o ?
So it 's a moral conundrum, S oit  ' sanethicaldilemma .
We have to take a shower in the locker room next class We havetotakeashowerint helockerroomnextperio d , are you in the mood to worry about this andthat  ' swhatyou  ' reworriedabout ?
I have swimming trunks in my pants Actually , I haveabathingsuitunder mypants .

The girl picked up a geostatistics book T hatgirljusttookabooko ngeostatistics .
So what Y eah , so ?
That 's not what any science course requires reading T hat  ' snot required reading for ranysciencecourse .
Maybe she wanted to shoot the spider to death Maybeshewantstosquasha spiderwithit .
It 's not that you see her reading No , look , she  ' sreadingit .
Who is this mysterious woman Who is this mysterywoman ?
Shall we invite her to lunch S houldweinvitehertohav elunchwithus ?
I don 't know. So far, it 's only the two of us. I don 'tknow.
S ofar , it  ' sjustbeenyouandme , we can be sure of commensurate and weknowthatworks .
Do you really want to take the risk of not getting along Do wereallywanttomesswi thsuccess ?
You can think of this as an experimentW eculdthinkofitasanex periment .
You really understand my weakness Oh , youdoknowhowtopushmyb uttons .
Alright go ask her A llright , goaskher .
Why am I going to Why hyme?
Your Lack of Testosterone Makes You Cute in Women 's Eyes Yourlackoftestosterone makes youadorabletowom en .
I can 't refute this I can  ' targuewiththat .
Hello Hello .
Hello Hello .
My name is Sheldon Mynameis S heldon .
I know you are Sheldon CooperY eah , you  ' re S heldon Cooper .
Do you know me Youknowwho I am ?
There is only one 9 year old in the whole high school Well , there  ' sonlyonenine - year - oldinhighschool , and you still have baby teeth andyoustillhaveyourba byteeth .
She knew me well. Sheknowswho I am .
I t ' s   g o i n g   w e l l .
What 's the matter with me Whatdoyouwant ?
Would you like to have lunch with me and my friend W ouldyouliketohavelunc hwithmeandmyfriend ?
why ?
Why not Why hyelse ?
So that we can talk about geostatistics enthusiastically, Sowecanhaveaspiritedco nversationaboutgeosta statistics .
You are as smart as everyone says Youreallyareassmartase verybodysays .
My teeth are small but my prefrontal cortex is huge M yteetharesmall , but myprefrontalcortex isenormous .
♪ ♪ No one in the world is stronger than me♪ ♪ No bodyelseisstrongerth an I am ♪ ♪ Yesterday I moved a mountain♪ ♪ Y esterday I movedamountaun ♪ ♪ I believe I can be your hero♪ ♪ I bet I couldbeyourhero ♪
♪ I 'm an amazing little guy ♪ ♪ I amamightylittleman ♪
♪ I 'm an amazing little guy ♪ ♪ I amamightylittleman ♪
juvenile
Shelton
The depth of our chat during lunch has also increased with the addition of Libby T headdition of L ibbybrought alevelofsophisticatio ntoourlunchtimediscus sion .
Her mother also brought her extra cheese sticks Hermomalsopackedextras tringcheese , whichisawell - known sociallubricant . You 'll need a geologist You  'regonnabeageologist later .
So interesting T hat  ' sfascinating .
Why did you choose this field Why  ' dyouchoosethat ?
When I was little my grandparents took me to When I wasalittlegirl , mygrandparentstookme
I was hooked to Carlsbad Caverns, and I washooked when I was in Carlsbad Caverns National Park.
Exploring caves is so cool E xploringcaves , thatis supercool . I don 't agree that dark and enclosed spaces scares me Disagree .
D a r k ,   e n c l o s e d   s p a c e s   a r e   t e r r i f y i n g .
I get scared when I put my head on my clothes I getscaredputtingonasw eatshirt .
I have seen that scene H mm . I  ' veseenit .
Quite entertaining P rettyentertaining .
Have you figured out what major to choose for college? Doyouknowwhatyou  ' regoingtomajorinincol lege ?
I 'm leaning towards quantum chromodynamics but who knows I ' mleaningtowardsquantu mchromodynamics , but whoknows ?
Ask me to answer a few years ago and I would answer toy train A fewyearsago , I would  ' vesaidchoo - chootins . What about you What about you ?
Of course it is geology Oh , geologyforsure .
Really? Really?
When did you decide W hendidyoudecidethat ?
A long time ago eat your apple slices A longtimeago .
E a t   y o u r   a p p l e   s l i c e s .

We dine in the library every day Soweeatinthelibraryeveryday . You are welcome to join us You  ' rewelcometojoinus .
Much better than eating in the cafeteria I t  ' smuchbetterthanthecaf eteria .
Quiet and less likely to throw food on us I t  ' squet , andalotlessfoodgetsth rownatus .
ok maybe i 'll come back to you guys tomorrow , yeah .
M a y b e   I ' l l   s e e   y ' a l l   t o m o r r o w .
好   R i g h t .
You guys have a chance to see Maybey  ' allwill tomorrow .
Bye bye Libby B ye , Li ibby .

What about ' all of you ' ' Y  ' all ' ?
I am trying to assimilate I  ' massimilating .
You shut up S hutup .

How is school today S ohowwasschooltoday ? Sheldon has a girlfriend S heldon  ' sgotagirlfriend .
- what- you 're talking nonsense- What?
-   T h a t ' s   n o t   t r u e .
It 's true I saw him talk to that girl at school Oh , yes , itis .
I   s e e n   h i m   t a l k i n g   t o   h e r   a t   s c h o o l .
Sheldon Lee Cooper , youdog .
Is she cute I sshecute ?
Compared to what ?
What grade is she in What gradeisshein ?
Grade 1 1 E level .
Still a royal sister older than you, A nolderwoman.
Like ah N ice .
Almost everyone is older than me Most everybody  ' solderthanme .
What 's so awesome about Why hyistathnice?
So what do you think of George S owhatdoyouthink , George ?
Is it time to 'talk' with him? I sittime to have 'thetalk' with him?
What to talk about Whattalk?
No talk, no one wants to talk Notalk.
N o b o d y ' s   t a l k i n g .
If 'thetalk' is about human reproduction, I f 'thetalk' isinregardstohumanrep production,
I already know what the process is. I already understand howt hatworks. How do you know these Howdoyouknowthat?
I told him I told him .
Oh my god Oh, Lord.

So our little circle A ndso , our littlesocialcircle has grown from two to three from two people to three.
An early example of how I could draw everyone to me A nearly exampleofhowpeo plearejustdrawntome.
Do you mean to say that without geology A reyousayingthatwithou tgeology there would be no theory of evolution there  'dbenotheoryofevolutio n ? geologist Charles Lyle taught Darwin Charles L yelltaught Charles D arwin
The Earth is much older than all of us think, the Earthwasmuch, mucholderthananyoneth ought, which gave Darwin the courage to discover whichgave D arwinthecouragetofigu reout all living things evolved allspeciesevolvedover billionsofyears.
It 's pretty good I can use this point T hat  ' sgood .
I   c a n   u s e   t h a t
Go and embarrass my Sunday school pastor tohumiliatemypastorat Sundayschool . I don 't know which is more beautiful I don  ' tknowwhat  ' smorebeautiful ,
Is it your beautiful brain or your eyes yourmindoryoureyes . Don 't be like this Tam , please .
We are eating We  ' reeating .

You know spying on children is perverted, right? You ouknowspyingonkidsisc reepy .
I wasn 't spying on kids I was spying on your brother I wasn 't spyingonkids, I wass - spyingonyourbrother. Then why don 't you just go in and watch W hywon  ' tyoujustgoinside ?
Going in directly is not spying, right? Well, then, itwouldn ' tbespying, nowwouldit?

Oh, what are you surprised?
You didn 't say she was black Youdidn  ' tmentionsshewasblack .
Should I mention W as I supposedto ?
No, of course not. No ,  ' coursenot .
Then why do you say this Thenwhybringitup ?
It 's just not what I expected. I tjustwasn  ' twhat I wasexpecting .
So what kind of Whatwereyouexpecting did you expect?
This school is very big I t  ' sabigschool .
Why do you have to be here W hyareyourighthere ?
The library has They  ' vegotsomebooksinthere about Martin Luther King .
Maybe you should go in and read Maybeyoushouldgoreadon e .
Good morning Morning .
So why do people take so long S owhydidittake peopleso long
Only willing to believe in continental drift, tobelieveincontinenta ldrift, it is obvious that Africa and South America can be seen whenit  ' sobviousthat A fricaand S outh America - like a jigsaw puzzle - can 't - fittogetherlikeapuzzl e ?
-   N o ,   t h e y   d o n ' t .
People don 't understand continental drift say P eopledidn  ' tunderstandcontinenta ldrift
It 's because they don 't understand the theory of sea floor spreading because they did  ' tunderstandseafloorsp reading . What 's the matter What ?
Your wisdom I ' mboththreatened
I am threatened and impressed and delighted by yourbra in . I am only impressed by it I  ' mjustdelighted byit .

Really close T heydofit . It 's amazing T hat  ' snuts .

Geologists like to 'sink' themselves in life ' G eologists leadasedimen tarylifestyle . ' Libby , thatisagoodone .
Can you believe he looks like this Can youbelievewhat  ' sgoingonwithhim ?
Yeah I know . He 's been talking to the girl for almost an hour on the phone He  ' sbeenonthephonewithth atgirlforalmostanhour .
Sheldon has a girlfriend S heldon  ' sgotagirlfriend .
Who would have thought it was possible Whataretheodds ? That girl is not a girlfriend S he  ' snotagirlfriend ,
Two people just have a spiritual exchange it  ' smoreofamentalrapport .
That 's how it all started T hat 'swhereitstarts.
I just won your heart with my extraordinary wisdom I didwinyouoverwithmysu periorintellect .
Obviously it 's your locomotive and you know it yourself I twasyourmotorcycleand youknowit .
Luckily she wasn 't fooled by your macho physiqueG oodthingitwasn  ' tyourmasculinephysique ,
because that is long gone because that is longgone . Why do you think I kept the motorcycle ?
Why can he talk on the phone and I can 't Howcomehegetstotieupth ephoneand I can  ' t ?
For what happened to him is called a miracle Becausewhatishappening inthereiscalledamirac le ,
And God - fearing people will not stop miracles and God - fearing people do not get in the way of those . Little George Hey , Georgie , if one day you can find a girlfriend ifyoueverfindagirlfri end ,
Maybe you can date the four of them with your brother maybeyoucangoonadoubl edatewithyourbrother . That girl is not his girlfriend S he  ' snothisgirlfriend .
I can get it too. And I can find one . . .
I 'm just not looking for a girlfriend. I 'mjustnotlooking.
Yeah that 's really a geological joke Yes , that wasageologyjoke .
Maybe we should be in the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue
Take it away fromhimbeforehe  ' sruinedforever before ruining his life. Libby Li Libby Oh, Libby, Libby, Libby.
What the hell happened Whatishappening?
What happened then What was washingappeningwas,
also happens to many men likemanymenbeforeme ,
I was fascinated by the exotic geology I wasbeingseducedbythee xoticworldofgeology .
We searched for the titanite Wesearchedfortektitesi nanearbyravine in the nearby mountain stream.
Glass meteorite is natural glass T ektitesarenaturalglas s
are formedduringmeteorite impacts formed after meteorite impacts. They are also very similar to raccoon feces. Theyalsobearacloserese mblancetoraccoonfeces,
So I wisely started a 'don 't touch tektites' policy so I wiselyadopteda ' notouchingtektites ' policy . It 's called perfect cleavage [perfect cleavage] I t  ' scalled perfect cleavag e
When gypsumseparatesth is cleanly . I was so proud of Dan I wassoproudof T am
He doesn 't make childish cleavage jokes fornotmakinganimmatur ecleavagejoke . Look at me L ookatme , I  ' mtouchingcleavage .
After he said that the feeling disappeared Untilhemadeone .
And geode jade is like nature 's PinataA nd , like M other Nature  ' spinata ,
A pinata is a paper paste container filled with candy or toys usually hung at birthday parties and hit until the prize falls out
It also contains the secret surprise geodescontainedasecre tsurpriseinside .
And you don 't have to put up with Butyoudidn ' thavetosuffer
The pain of attending a birthday party will be able to enjoy the surprise throughabirthdayparty toenjoyit.
How is it How  ' sitgoing ?
I think I figured out the problem Well, I think I figuredouttheproblem.
What 's the problem Whatisit ? I don 't know anything about mechanics I  ' materriblemechanic .

- what 's the matter - this - What  ' sup ? - Well ,
Sheldon has been spending a lot of time lately S heldon  ' sbeenspendingquiteabi toftime
Hang out with the girl named Libby with this Li ibbygirl , lately .
So what Y eah , so ? He 's still so young So oisn  ' thealittleyoung
Is it really good to make teen friends tobehangingwithteenag ers ?
He 's just a small body Oh, he 's onlyyoungontheoutside e.
He was an old man Inside , he  ' sanoldman .
I mean seriously I  ' mbeingserious . Me too S oam I .
Put him on a bow tie and he looks old A ndwiththatbowtie , he  ' soldontheoutside , too .
I shouldn 't have come to ask your S orry I bothered .
Hangon .
Whatdidyouthinkwasgonn ahappen when we sent him to high school
What do you think will happen whenwesenthimtohighsc hool ? I don 't know he will learn something new I don  ' tknow , thathe  ' dlearnstuff ,
Then come back home forever to be my little baby andthen , comebackhomeandbemyba byforever . Mary it is good for him M are , it  ' sgoodforhim .
In two years he might be going to college what to do then Hemaystartcollegeinaco upleyears , whathappensthen ?
The answer that came to my mind instantly was that I lived with him in a dormitory Offthetopofmyhead , heand I shareadormroom .
It would be funny if you hadn 't thought you could actually do that Youknow I  ' dlaughatthat if I didn  ' tkindofbelieveyou .
What are you doing What are youdoing ?
I want to go to the toilet but sometimes it 's not very civilized I needtousethebathroom , butitcangetuncivilize dinthere .
Is there anyone in there now A nyoneintherenow? I don 't know I 'm afraid to find out I don 'tknow.
I   w a s   a f r a i d   t o   f i n d   o u t .
men 's toilet
Is there anyone in the toilet A nybodyinhere ?
Go Goahead.
I stay outside I 'llstandguard.
Where have you been in my life before W herehaveyoubeenallmyl ife ?

Don 't even think about it I don  ' tthinkso .
I want to pee I gottapee .
That 's your problem while you go T hat  ' syourproblem . Keepmoving .


- Thank you - You 're welcome - T hankyou . - H appytohelp .
Can you come to stand guard at 1:45 I sthereanychanceyou  ' dbeavailabletostandgu ardat 1 : 4 5 ?
Do you still have a timetable for going to the toilet Youhaveabathroomschedu le ?
Don 't you have Youdon 't? See you back at Seeyoulater.

Those who say grab a man W hoeversaid the quickest waytoaman  ' sheart
The person who wants to grab his stomach first isthroughhisstomach has not considered his own small bladder didnotconsiderhistiny bladder. I think the best space shuttle name so far is 'Exploration' I thinkthebestspaceshut tlenamesofarisDiscovery.
What about the 'Challenger' What about C hallenger?
- Too aggressive - What about 'Atlantis' - Tooin - your - face . - Atlantis ?
A fictionalislandthatco uldn  ' tstayafloat ?
It sucks I don  ' tthinkso . - And the 'Enterprise' ah - yes - T here  ' sthe Enterprise . - T hereis ,
Be there in Star Trek andit  ' son Star Trek , whereit belongs .
did you know the museum of natural sciences Youknowthey  ' replayingaspaceshuttl emovie
There 's a space shuttle movie at the M useumof N atural Science . - Or a giant screen movie - I heard that too - I t  ' sin IMAX . - I heardaboutthat .
The screen seems to be super big T hescreenissupposedtob ehuge .
There is also a geology exhibition Theyalsohaveagreatgeol ogyexhibit .
But the museum is in Houston Well, it  ' sin Houston - -
- How do we get there - I 'll drive - howarewegonnagetthere ? - I  ' lldrive .
I would love to watch a movie with you Oh , I wouldlovetoseeamoview ithyou .
Don 't you have to ask your parents first D on  ' tyouneedtoaskyourpare ntsfirst ?
- No Sheldon - but don 't they worry about where you are - No , S heldon , I don  ' t . - Butwon  ' ttheyworrywhere you are ?
They won 't worry about They 'llbefine.
Count me a Countmein.
I 'm so glad you 're not my son G ladyou  ' renotmyson .

Now he wants to go to Houston with them to see the movie A ndnowhewantstoseeamov iein H oustonwiththem . Why go to Houston W hy H ouston ?
I didn 't know there was a 'saw wood' technique or something like that. I don  ' tknow , it  ' sin M ix M axorsomething .
Do you mean I have to drive to Houston S oyou  ' resaying I gottodrive to Houston ? No that girl Libby drives No o .
T h i s   g i r l   L i b b y ' s   g o n n a   d r i v e .
Great. Great .
Not good at all George I t  ' snotgreat , George .
I don 't want my son to sit on I don  ' twantmylittleboyinsom ecar
Cars driven by teenagers withateenagerbehindth ewheel . All high school students drive A llhighschoolkidsdrive . Is it anyway I don 't like Yeah ?
W e l l ,   I   d o n ' t   l i k e   i t .
When I was little W ouldyouletmegetinacar
Will you let me ride in a stranger 's car withstrangerwhen I wasyoung ?
No one asked you out so it doesn 't matter Well , nobodyeveraskedyouout , soitdidn  ' treallymatter .

I want to talk to you about Hey .
I   w a n t   t o   t a l k   t o   y o u .
Wait a minute I 'll pull the train into the station Holdon . L etmebringthisintothes tation
Just don 't let commuters down soasnottodisappointmy commuters . They want to go back to their families They  ' dliketogethometotheir families .


I thought about it for a long time I 'm afraid I can 't allow you I gaveitalotofthought , and I  ' mafraid I can  ' tallowyou to drive to Houston with your friends . Why hy ?
Dear you were a little boy Well , honey , you  ' restillalittleboy .
I don 't think this is right I don  ' tthinkit  ' sright . I 'm not a kid anymore I 'm a high school student I  ' mnotalittleboy .
I ' m   a   h i g h   s c h o o l   s t u d e n t .
I 'm sorry but my mind is made up I 'msorry, I madeupmymind.
If you really want to see this movie I fyou  ' dreallyliketoseethism ovie ,
I would like to drive you to I 'mwillingtodriveyou. Maybe we can meet your friend there Maybewecouldmeetyourfr iendsthere.
I don 't want my mom to take me to I don  ' twantmymommytotakeme .
Then you don 't want to go to Well , then , you  ' renotgoing .
Anger is an ugly emotionA ngerisanuglyemotion.
Fury more so U nbridledrage even mores o .
When my heart is full of anger An ndwhenitbubbledupinsi deme,
The only way I know how to transform this emotion I channeledittheonlyway I knewhow .
I cleaned the house like am anpossessed .
I can 't hear Oprah I can ' thear Oprah!
About my bird I don  ' tcare !

Sheldon I need to go in S heldon , I need to get in there .
Go to grandma 's house for a tuba P opat Meemaw 's!
You missed no rubbing freak here You missed aspot , weirdo .
I saw I seeit .
What should I do with him Whatam I supposedtodowiththis?
Send him to my house Sendhimovertomyhousebe foreherunsoutofgas before he runs out of energy.

Well let 's talk about a deal A llright , I  'll makeadealwithyou .
I 'm listening to I 'mlistening.
You can go to Houston with your friends, Youcangoto Houstonwith yourfriends,
But I want to meet this girl first but I wanttomeetthisgirlfir st . T hat  ' sveryreasonable .
Thank you T hankyou . You are welcome You  ' rewelcome .
Can you take the drying paper off Now , canyoupleasereachthed ryersheets ?
I get dizzy when I stand on a step stool I getvertigoon the stepst ool .
I 'm often described as I 'veoftenbeenaccused
Stubborn unwillingness ofbeingstubbornandwillful, but sometimes this trick is useful butsometimesitworksli kegangbusters. Please enter P leasecomein.
Please take the Haveaseat.
Your home is beautiful Youhaveabeautifulhome .
- thank you - thank you - T hankyou . - T hankyou .

I hope you can forgive me I just want to meet I hopeyou  ' llforgiveme , I justwantedtomeet
The person driving my 9 year old son to Houston thepersondriving mynin e - year - oldsonto Houston . I understand I understand . Me too , too .
I didn 't talk to you Dan I wasn  ' ttalkingtoyou , T am .

And I want to make sure A nd I justwanted to makecerta in
You haven 't been ticketed thatyou  ' vehadnotraffictickets and more importantly no accidents or , heavenforbid , accidents . No lady I drive carefully No , ma  ' am .
I ' m   a   v e r y   s a f e   d r i v e r .
- You don 't have to worry at all - fine - You  ' vegotnothingtoworryab out . - G ood .
Good. Have you ever driven to Houston before? Good.
H a v e   y o u   m a d e   t h i s   t r i p   b e f o r e ?
Driven a few times, yes.
Do you smoke marijuana M m - hmm .
Y o u   s m o k e   m a r i j u a n a ?
- Mom - No Suck Lady - M om ! - N o , ma  ' am .
Bravely Say No [Anti-Cannabis Slogan] Justsayno.


Well Well . . .
This reassures me I find this very reassuring .
I have to admit I have to admit , I was a little worried but I hadsometrepidation , but . . .

I feel so much better after seeing you havingmetyou , I  ' mfeelingalotbetter . Well then you have nothing to worry about Mrs Cooper G ood . You  ' vegotnothingtoworryab out , Mrs .
C o o p e r .
I have many years of experience in babysitting I  ' vebeenbabysittingkids foryears .
Babysitting Babysitting . . . babysitting . . .
Babysitting Babysitting . Babysitting Babysitting . . . babysitting . . .
I have many years of experience in babysitting I  ' vebeenbabysittingkids foryears .

Pardon me Excuseme .
I 'm not very comfortable I don  ' tfeelwell .
They go by themselves I can 't go They  ' llhavetogowithoutme .


Shelly, are you okay? Shelly, youokay?
Something happened No o .
Do you want to talk Youwanttotalkaboutit ?
Don 't want No o .
Do you want to be alone? Youwantmetoleaveyoualo ne ?
Don 't want No o .

I thought Libby and I were equals I thought L ibbyand I wereequals ,
Who knew she saw me as a little child butshethinksofmeasach ild . Sorry baby I  ' msorry , baby .
Calling me like this now makes it worse Callingmethatisn  ' thelpingrightnow .
Also sorry for Right . S orry .
She is almost twice your age S heisalmosttwiceyourag e .
Some people are five times older than meT herearepeoplefivetime smyage
Still stupider than me thatarestupiderthanme . It has nothing to do with being smart T hisisnotaboutbeingsma rt .
- What else does that have to do with - this - Whatelseisthere ? - Well . . .
People have different kinds of maturity there  ' sotherkindsofmaturity .
What 's wrong What 's sup? It 's none of your businessN oneofyourbusiness.
Why did he cry Why hyishecrying ?
Again, it 's none of your business. A gain, it 's snoneofyourbusiness.
Please leave P leasego. Well Celeste and I are both fine.
C e l e s t e   a n d   I   k n o w   w h e n   w e   a r e n ' t   w a n t e d .

Where did we just say W herewerewe ?
All sorts of mature Differentkindsofmaturi ty. That 's right T hat 'sright.

There is emotional maturity T here  ' semotionalmaturity , physicalmaturity ,
A lot of it has nothing to do with being smart or not allthingsthathavenoth ingtodowithbeingsmart . Are you saying that I am emotionally immature A reyousuggesting I  ' mnotemotionallymature ?
I 'm just implying this I washingatit.
I don 't want to be friends anymore Regardless , I  ' mnotinterestedinmakin ganymorefriends .
I don 't think that 's what you really think Oh, I don  ' tthinkthat  ' showyoureallyfeel .
That 's it I tis .
From now on I will live a hermit-like life From now on, it  ' sahermit  ' slifeforme .
I 'm pretty sure when you grow up I bet , whenyougrowup , youwillbesurrounded
Will make many smart and excellent friends bylotsofsmart , wonderfulfriends . I don 't think that 's possible I can  ' tseethathappening .
Anyway Well,
The Lord has his own arrangements the Lordworksinmysteriousw ays . You have to move out of God 's set again. A ndherewegowith the Godtalk .

Hello Hey .
Hello Hey .
How was the IMAX movie?
Well . . .
Ok status have you found them? O kay , status .
F indthem ? Go for guidance . . .
G o.
G u i d a n c e . . .



What are you doing Whatareyoudoing ?
What do you think I 'm doing Whatdoyouthink I 'mdoing?
Take the claw back or I 'll screw it off M oveyourarm before I ripitoff .
The atmosphere became a little awkward I tgotalittleuncomfortable .
Why Why?
Libby is interested in me Li ibby  ' sgotfeelingsforme ,
But I think it 's better to stay friends but I thinkit  ' sbetterwejuststayfrie nds .
I 've been thinking about geology again recently I 'vebeengivinggeologyso memorethought.
The result Y eah , and ? I decided it wasn 't real science I  ' vedecidedit  ' snotreallyascience .
- isn 't it - not more like a hobby - I t  ' snot ?
- No , it  ' smorelikeahobby . Rockcollecting .
Pretty childish Childish , really .
I understand what you mean I canseethat .
As you can see A syoucansee ,
sometimes a supremely intelligent person sometimessaperson canbe bothincrediblyintelli gent
Also full of nonsense andfullofbaloney.
