 My siblings and I are the first vampires in all of history , the Originals .
 300 years ago , we helped build New Orleans .
 Now we have returned to find the city has a new king , one who rules with the aid of a powerful girl .
 They have taken possession of my brother Elijah .
 A coven of witches want this girl for themselves .
 The seek to enlist my help , using my unborn child as leverage , though I suspect they have ulterior motives .

 So I 've made a plan of my own .
 I will free my brother and reclaim the city for our family . Then I will be King .

 Over the course of my life ,
 I 've encountered no shortage of those who would presume to speak of good and evil .
 Such terms mean nothing .
 People do what is in their best interest , regardless of who gets hurt .
 Is it evil to take what one wants , to satisfy hunger even if doing so will cause another suffering ?
 What some would call evil
 I believe to be an appropriate response to a harsh and unfair world .
 No offense , but I 'm not sure I follow why you 've invited me here .
 Because I enjoy your company , and I sense you have the capacity for understanding someone of my complexity .
 You see , I returned to New Orleans to investigate a threat posed against me .
 What I found was a young woman , pregnant , in need of protection .
 My brother , always the do- gooder , tried to manipulate me into helping her .
 He thought it might redeem me .
 Trouble is , I 've since learned of another young women , a girl really , one with vast potential , held in captivity by a tyrant .

 I want to help both of these women ...
 Protect one and free the other .
 So tell me , Cami , does that sound evil to you ?
 I don 't believe in evil as a diagnosis .
 I think you have unstable personal relationships , stress- related paranoia , chronic anger issues , fear of abandonment .
 I think you could benefit from talking to someone professionally .
 I think I prefer to talk to you , so I 'm going to offer you a job as my stenographer .
 Ok .
 What are we writing ?
 My memoirs of course .
 Someone should know my story , and it will give us time to discuss other riveting subjects
 like your handsome suitor Marcel . Excuse me .
 My private life is ...
 Your private life is , as it turns out , essential to my plans .
 You see , Marcel wants you , and because of that , he will trust you , which serves me .
 The thing is the French quarter is on the verge of war .
 On the one side , there 's me , and on the other Marcel and an army of vampires .
 What ? !
 You 're frightened .
 Don 't be .
 I 'm not scared anymore .
 That 's amazing .
 How did you ...
 It 's called compulsion .
 It 's a neat bit of vampire trickery .
 I 'll tell you all about it , but first , let 's talk a little more about Marcel .
 Sucker 's resilient .
 He 's like a cockroach in a suit .
 Doesn 't matter .
 Time to give old Elijah back to Klaus anyway .
 You asked me to figure out how to kill the Originals .
 I 'm not done .
 Silver dagger hurts them , but that 's it .
 Davina , we 've been through this . Klaus saved my life .
 I owe him one .
 Since he wants his brother back ...
 Tonight 's the annual Dauphine street music festival .
 I want to go .
 Please .
 The whole point of you being up here is so you 're never spotted out there .
 You know what 's smack in the middle of Dauphine street ...
 Sophie Deveraux , pain- in- the- ass witch , and you know what the witches will do to you if they find you .
 But you control the witches .
 Make her go away .
 Marcel , it 's one night .
 I said no .

 I do anything you say , but sometimes , I think you forget what I 'm capable of .
 Did you know I can make someone 's blood boil ?
 All I have to do is focus .

 Fine .
 We compromise , all right ?
 You going out alone too dangerous , but I 'll introduce you to a friend of mine that 's gonna be there , all right , nice lady .
 You two are really gonna hit it off .

 Hello , Cami .
 How is it that when you come up to me now and no one else is around
 I suddenly remember that you just told me you 're a vampire and you 're mind controlling me , and then you leave , and I go back to thinking you 're just some hot guy with a cute accent and money to burn on your sprawling memoir ?



 Well , that 's how compulsion works , love .
 Yeah , but what 's happening ?
 Is it hypnosis , are my neurons being shut down somehow ?
 You 're always the curious scholar .
 Let 's talk about Marcel .
 You said you have a little information for me .
 He 's bringing someone to the music festival tonight , a girl he 's mentoring .
 Apparently she 's going through a hard time , rebelling against authority , anger issues , that sort of thing .
 I guess with my psych degree he figured I could set her straight , but I said no .
 I 'm gonna go ahead and insist you change your answer to yes .
 You 're gonna force me to do this , aren 't you ?
 Why even bother with politeness ?
 Because I like you .
 I like the way your mind works .
 Under different circumstances ,
 I think we might be friends .
 However , I don 't have the luxury of passing up tonight 's opportunity .
 You see , in addition to being Marcel 's rather potent secret weapon , this girl Davina is holding my brother captive .
 In other words , the girl needs you help .
 Call Marcel , tell him you 'll be happy to oblige .
 I told you , Agnes , I feel great .
 You are overdue for a checkup .
 What am I gonna do , pop into the quarter for a quick ultrasound ?
 A pregnant werewolf escorted by a witch ? Nothing to see here .
 A lot of women would kill to have a child .
 Strikes me as odd that you 're not taking better care of yours .
 I know a doctor out in bayou off the beaten path .
 Now I took the liberty of making an appointment for you tonight after hours , just us .
 Vampires will never get word of it .
 Ok .
 Fine .
 Bayou baby doctor it is .
 Please , sister , tell me you 're not still at it with the Internet search .
 How does one begin anyway , just type in " anonymous attic " ?
 Someone has to find Elijah , even if I have to search every bloody attic in New Orleans .
 Like looking for a needle in a rather large pile of needles .
 I remember details about the attic Marcel took me to .
 There were shutters on the windows behind Elijah 's coffin .
 Well , that should narrow it down immensely .
 Myself , I prefer actual strategy as opposed to mind- numbing labor .
 Marcel 's delay in returning our brother makes me suspect he 's no longer in charge of the situation .
 If Davina 's loyalty to Marcel is strained , perhaps the young witch will be open to discussing a new alliance .
 As usual , your power grabs are more important than rescuing your brother .
 I prefer to think of it as killing two birds with one stone ...
 Rob Marcel of his secret weapon , bring our brother home .
 Hey , Diego .
 Right .
 So , um , any way to fast track the whole getting a daylight ring thing ?
 You get a daylight right when you get invited to the inner circle .
 For you , it may never happen . Yeah , but there 's an opening , right ?
 I mean , now that Thierry 's , like , you know ...
 You shut up about Thierry , all right ? He didn 't deserve what he got .
 Marcel was just showing off for Klaus .
 Can 't wait till his ancient ass is out of here . You and me both .
 We got ourselves one high- class Original vampire . Look alive , boys .


 Hmm . A real charmer .
 What if I told you that I could help you out with your Klaus problem in exchange for the tiniest bit of gossip ?
 Like what ?
 You might have heard the rumors that Marcel and I were quite the item back in the day .
 He seems to have moved on , and I would like to know with whom .
 You 've seen him with the bartender .
 What , that plain Jane that he carries on with ?
 Well , only a blind man would choose her over me .
 There must be another girl in his harem .
 Look .
 I just need the tiniest bit of closure , and then I can leave New Orleans , and I 'll be sure to take Klaus with me , which , let 's face it , would make your life a whole lot easier .


 Look .
 Marcel 's got a full plate .
 If he 's seeing some other honey , she 's somewhere in the quarter .
 She 's probably close by , and that , my lady , is all I got .

 Big event tonight , a lot of people drinking , a lot of eyes watching .
 I don 't want any trouble , which means no witches .
 Send word through the cauldron .
 Any witches come here , we kill them , and while we 're at it , no Originals .
 I don 't like how Rebekah 's been snooping around .
 I got my girl Cami coming , her and a little friend of hers .
 I want eyes on them at all times , eyes only , all right ?
 I don 't want anybody going anywhere near either of them .
 Everybody 's got a post , everybody keeps an eye out . You cool ?

 Come on !
 So is it everything you hoped for ?
 Yeah !
 So we should probably go over the rules .
 I won 't talk to anyone about anything ,
 I won 't say anything about witches or vampires or Originals or you .
 But you said you weren 't gonna hover .
 This is the doctor 's office .
 Dr. Paige is only this far out because Marcel 's men kept terrorizing her patients .
 Go .
 She won 't bite .

 Send them in now and tell them to do it quickly .
 It 's good to see you .
 I was worried you thought I was some hot head after that display at the masquerade .
 We all have our hot- headed moments .
 Anyway , I 'm almost done here until cleanup , so the two of us girls can hang out if you need to go schmooze or whatever .
 You know , he was supposed to stop hovering , like , 10 minutes ago .
 You see what I mean ?
 Authority issues .
 I 'll go talk to the mayor .
 He actually knows how to show some respect .
 So what 's his name ?
 Hot guy with the fiddle .
 Tim . I knew he 'd be here .
 He always performs at these kind of things .
 How long have you two known each other ?
 Since we were 10 .
 I had to leave school , and I didn 't get to say good- bye , so I was just hoping to talk to him tonight .
 That 's it !
 Church is closed .
 You want your horror fix , go take a ghost tour .
 I don 't much care for ghosts .
 I am , however , fascinated by window shutters .
 I 've been on a town tour of them all day .
 I noticed the windows of your attic have shutters .
 Are you really interested in shutters ?
 I can assure it 's my current life obsession .
 What 's your name ?
 Father Kieran , and you are ?
 Mildly curious .
 What happened here ?
 St. Anne 's used to be the heart of the neighborhood .
 Its been abandoned for a while now since the night of the massacre .
 9 seminary students were killed by one of their own .
 You 're standing on blood .
 I 'm not squeamish .
 Where 's the attic ?
 Like I said , the church is closed .
 Where is the attic ?
 Past the sacristy up the stairs .
 Thank you .
 Now forget I was here .
 I knew it .
 What the bloody hell ?
 Rebekah , language , please .
 Elijah !
 What is all this ?
 You don 't remember ?
 You and I went to the opera house together .
 It was your first foray back into New Orleans society after Klaus removed the dagger from you .
 It 's a memory that only you and I share .
 Also I need you to know it 's not another of Davina 's tricks .
 Well , how are you even awake ?
 Davina withdrew the dagger , unaware that doing so even once would negate its power .
 In a few hours , I shall be as good as new .
 So put me back into the attic , and we can find a way to get you out .
 I 'm afraid I 'm not quite ready to leave yet , Rebekah .
 This girl Davina , she 's curious , willful , too .
 Soon I shall be able to speak to her , perhaps even to propose a truce of some kind , so if we can end this war between the vampires and the witches , we 'll be able to eliminate the threat to Hayley and her baby .



 Perhaps then Niklaus and our entire family can finally know peace .
 In the meantime , I need you to look after Hayley .
 She is our family now , Rebekah , so I need her and her unborn child to fall underneath our protection .
 Swear to me , Rebekah .
 I swear .
 Your baby 's heart rate is perfect .
 I knew it .
 She 's a tough one like her mom .
 That 's a unique birthmark .
 We 're pretty much done here , right ?
 Your blood pressure 's a bit high .
 I 've got something for it .

 Uh , you know , I 'm actually not that good with pills .
 Well , me neither , truth be told .
 Aah !
 Hello , Tim .
 I believe you and I share an acquaintance .
 Be a good lad and help me send her a message .
 Well , he couldn 't have gone far .
 He just got offstage a minute ago .
 It doesn 't matter .
 This was a stupid idea anyway .
 No , it wasn 't .
 Davina ...
 Just forget it .
 Tell her this is from one of the musicians .
 She 'll want to leave , and you 're going to help her slip out the back exit so Marcel doesn 't see .
 Whatever you do , don 't let her out of your sight .
 Wait , Davina !

 I can 't do this .

 Hey .
 Tim , I got your note .
 I got your text message .
 Thanks for agreeing to meet here .

 It 's so amazing to see you .
 I can 't even believe I 'm standing here right now .
 I just ...
 Wow !
 So where have you been , and why did you want to meet here ?
 It 's so creepy , all the terrible stuff that happened .
 I don 't know . I kind of like it .
 You know , it 's quiet .
 I mean , the place can 't be bad for all time just because one bad thing happened , right ?

 Wait .
 No . All right . Back up .
 So where ... one day , you just stop coming to school , and then it 's like you just vanished .
 There was an emergency , and I needed to take care of some things .
 Oh . Are you ok ?
 I mean , you look ok .
 You look great actually .
 So are you coming back to school ?

 No .
 But I need you to know that even though I was away ,
 I miss you .

 I miss seeing you at school and seeing you play your violin .
 Well ...
 This place does have good acoustics .
 The boy has a gift .
 You can 't compel someone to play like that .
 I know what you are .
 It 's crazy to me , but at least it makes sense , but this massacre was just a pointless , brutal thing .
 In all your life , have you ever heard of anything like that , a good man , an aspiring priest just goes on a killing spree out of nowhere .
 I 've seen quite a lot in my time .
 The world is a rather awful place .
 Best to meet it on its own terms .
 No .
 The world isn 't awful .
 People are not awful .
 They want to be good .
 Something makes them bad , something breaks them down , makes them snap .
 There are always signs , symptoms before someone has a psychotic break .
 The guy who did this had none of them .
 He didn 't drink , he didn 't do drugs .
 You 're well- informed on the matter .
 You knew him , didn 't you ?
 His name was Sean .
 He was my brother , my twin actually .

 I can 't sleep .
 I dream about what happened , and I hate it .
 I hate that I couldn 't help him .
 We all must stand alone against our demons .
 What if someday his demons become mine , too ?

 I have some business
 I should attend to , but before I do , you should go .
 Enjoy the music , put this out of your mind .

 Marcel .
 Father Kieran , welcome back .
 I wasn 't sure when you 'd be coming home .
 I can tell , judging by what 's going on in my church attic .
 Oh .
 I didn 't think you 'd mind .
 Lord knows , I 'd done you a favor or two .
 I take it you know the Originals have returned .
 The sister Rebekah , I saw her earlier , snooping around the church , asking about the attic .
 She doesn 't know I take vervain .
 You got a problem on your hands .
 No disrespect for the grieving process , for you and your church , but just so I know , are you here to help , or are you just gonna drop in with criticism ?
 Never forget , Marcel , that you live in this city by the grace of those that know your secret and tolerate you .

 And this city thrives because of me and my people .
 Anytime you need a reminder of that , just let me know .
 Marcel , Diego said he lost eyes on the girls .
 To be continued .
 You two are absolutely adorable .
 It warms my heart , it really does , but I do need a word with the young lady , so , Tim , go sit down , count to 100, 000 .

 Quietly now .
 There 's a good boy .
 I assume you know who I am .
 Then let 's get right to it , shall we ?
 Your current dilemma strikes me as a case of poor alliances .
 You 're loyal to Marcel , and yet he keeps you tucked away in an attic .
 Surely you 'd prefer just a little bit more freedom , and yet Marcel keeps you prisoner .
 Marcel doesn 't keep me prisoner .
 He keeps me safe .
 He 's my friend .
 Well , I have no doubt he is , but for a girl caught in a war between the witches and the vampires ,
 I might be a better friend .
 I would keep you safe , and I 'd allow you your freedom .
 If Marcel could do that , why hasn 't he done so already , and it does beg the question if Marcel can 't protect you , then what of those you care about ?

 If anyone tries to hurt anyone I care about ,
 I 'll kill them . Well , then .
 Sounds like you don 't need Marcel at all .
 Perhaps you 've suspected it all along .
 Your dear friend Marcel tricks you into doing his bidding , and all the while , you rot in an attic alone while young Timothy moves on with his life .


 You feel that ?
 That 's your blood starting to boil .

 Such a shame to lose him just as you found him again , and I really did admire your skill with that violin .
 Don 't you dare hurt him !
 Well , I hope I won 't have to , sweetheart , but then that depends on you .


 Let him go now !
 You should know I don 't do well with demands .
 Ugh ! Aah !
 Unh !
 Impressive , but you don 't want to fight me , love .
 Innocent people have a way of winding up dead .
 Please let me go .
 Your choice , little witch .
 Swear allegiance to me alone , and the boy lives .
 Stand against me ...
 Aah !


 I have to say I 'm impressed .
 How 'd you find me ?
 Your text got me halfway , vamp hearing did the rest .
 Who are they ?
 Witches , warlocks , whatever .

 There are more of them .
 Run !
 If I had a dollar for every mess my family 's gotten me into .
 Rebekah !



 Where is she ?
 Where 's Davina ? She went to meet a boy in St. Anne 's church .
 Stay here in case she comes back .

 What the hell ?

 Hayley ?
 Hayley ?

 Tim .



 What do you mean she 's missing ?
 What do you think I mean ?
 There 's blood and bodies everywhere , someone 's ripped this lot to shreds , and there 's no smart- aleck pregnant girl .
 Keep looking .
 I 'm on my way .



 Please don 't hurt me .
 It wasn 't my intent to , but sadly , I 've run out of time to play nice .





 Tim ? Oh , no !
 No , please .
 I 'm sorry . I 'm so sorry .
 I didn 't mean to hurt you .
 One of the tragic consequences of war , innocent bystanders .
 What terrible guilt you 'll have to live with , young Timothy 's blood on your hands .
 Get away from him !
 Now , now , let 's not be hasty .
 After all , I can heal him .
 All you have to do ...
 Is ask .


 Please .
 For you , Davina , with pleasure .

 You will forget everything that happened after the concert , including the fact that you saw Davina .



 What ?
 No .
 If he remembers seeing you , he might come looking .
 If the witches learn of him , if they know you have a weakness , then poor Tim might end up as leverage in an awful scheme to control you again .

 Ok . Come on .
 Up you come . Take your violin case with you .
 You 'll remember losing the instrument backstage after the performance .
 You really should be more careful .
 All fixed .
 Now you owe me a favor .




 Davina .
 What happened ?
 What are you doing here ?
 I live her , remember ?




 Well , you abandoned your quest for power to help out your family .
 Having an off day ?
 Who took her , Rebekah ?
 I don 't know .
 What do you mean you don 't know ?
 Then who killed her attackers ?
 I don 't know .
 I had an arrow in my heart .
 If it wasn 't Hayley who killed them , then ...
 Lovely .
 Perhaps her cousins will know where she is .


 Hayley , what happened ?
 Tell me what happened .
 I can 't remember .
 You 've completely healed .
 There 's not a scratch on you .
 One of the perks of being a werewolf , remember ? No .
 Not that fast Leave her alone .
 It 's the baby , the vampire blood , Klaus ' blood in your system .
 It can heal any wound .
 Your own child healed you .
 How did you escape ? You were outnumbered , unarmed .
 Those men were ripped to shreds .
 I think it was the wolf .
 I think it 's trying to protect me .
 The witches were supposed to protect you .

 When I get my hands on Sophie Deveraux ...
 It wasn 't Sophie .
 It was Agnes .
 Fine .
 Agnes , Sophie .
 It 's all the same to me .
 I 'll slaughter the lot of them . Not if Elijah gets there first .
 Elijah ? Did you find him ?
 He 's been in touch , and he has a plan .
 All he asked is that we take care of you .


 Hey .
 So can we go home now ?
 I 'd really like to sleep for a few days .

 Whoa !
 I 've got you , love .
 I 've got you .




 I was crystal clear ...
 Eyes on my girls at all times .
 Girl 's little friend sneaks away from your party , and that 's my fault ?
 What ?
 What , Marcel , you gonna send me to the garden now , too ?


 When he wakes up , tell him that an apology would have gotten him a lot further than his attitude .


 Awful what happened at the church .
 I hear they 're calling it a gas leak .
 Such a pity . I heard that you were quite the woman on a mission today .
 What can I say ?
 I want Elijah back .
 Is that all you want ?

 You 'll get Elijah back .
 In the meantime , stay out of this bar and stay away from my guys .
 What 's wrong ?
 You jealous ? Me ?
 I 've already found my queen .
 Cami the bartender ?
 Stop fooling yourself , Marcel .
 She 's comfort food , something to distract you from what you really want , which after all these years is impossible to deny because I 'm standing right in front of you .



 Klaus ? What are you doing here ?
 I 've had quite a night .

 I recall you mentioned something about nightmares and insomnia .
 I believe I can help .
 May I come in ?
 This is superweird .
 Come in .
 Wait .
 That 's right . I told you what happened .
 I never tell anybody , but I told you , and you said something about Sean standing alone against his demons .

 When he killed those men ,
 I thought he must be mentally ill , but what if it was demons ?
 What if a vampire compelled him ?
 And if so , would you devote yourself to finding the guilty party ?
 Would you sacrifice everything to find out the truth ?
 To what end ?
 To what end ? This is the entire reason I 'm in New Orleans .
 Cami , whatever lies on the other end of this mystery will only offer you pain .
 Nothing will bring your brother back .
 Your only hope for peace is to forget this ...
 No . And move on .
 No . Don 't compel me to forget this .
 And if I allow you to remember , the knowledge will eat away at you .
 Your quest for truth will only put you in danger .
 You don 't care about me !
 You just want me to forget this so I can be focused on Marcel , so I 'll be a good , little spy for you .
 I need your loyalty , yes , and , though that may appear selfish to you , the scope of my plan goes far beyond myself .
 Power aside , I am trying to honor my brother .
 What about my brother , my twin brother ?
 We were bonded our whole lives , and I know , I know he didn 't just snap , and I need to know who did this , and I need to make this right .



 No . Don 't take this away from me !

 You will do nothing .
 Your bother was ill .
 He killed those people and himself , and it was a tragedy .
 All you can do is move on .



 Know that your brother is at peace and that you needn 't worry .
 I will find out what happened , and when I do ,
 I will make sure whoever harmed your brother will suffer , and as for you , tonight , you will sleep , and you will dream of a world far better than this one , a world where there is no evil , no demons , and all people desire ...



 Only to be good .


 It 's all right , Davina .
 I don 't mean you any harm , though I do think it 's time we had a talk .
