Can you order?
Do you have anything special? (Are there any specials)
According to my high school counselor no
i want a vegetable platter
But don 't replace beets with kale
Replace broccoli with kale
steamed vegetables
Don 't replace the condiment with lemon
Don 't you write it down?
I 'm afraid if I write it down it will become a suicide note
The meal you ordered at this table is estimated to be this virtue
It can be seen from the hat - = Eden subtitle station http: / / ytet . org / = - Honorary production
Earl I have something new for you to try
That 's what someone said when they lured me into drugs in the 80 's
It 's my new flavor cupcakes
Delicious dark chocolate flavor women can 't resist
I named it 'Earl Taste' (the Earl)
Good name
I 'm coming, I 'm late, so I was going to take a taxi
But remember I don 't have any money on me
Then I remembered that I have no money at all
So I traveled all the way
The apartment is only three blocks from here
I know it 's three blocks plus 15 'hey beauties' that 's that far
you can 't be late
I 'm worried enough about being late . . . every month
When I came a beggar asked me for money
I told him I used to give it but my dad was sued for the Ponzi scandal and the family property was confiscated and bye bye Manhattan villa
Had to come to Brooklyn to sleep on the sofa
despite this
I 'm still optimistic that you and I will succeed
Run our exciting cupcake business and see what he gave me !
you take beggars money ?
I 'd rather think B ob by the bridge is our first investor
Tori-na! Features San Meiji
I can think of more special sandwiches
You and me and that blond long neck hottie
She 's not noble lately, you might have a play
Okay !
I made you a name tag
You only got the brand the next day
I broke the record as the new boss
Thank you
This 'Carolin' should be Caroline
There 's an 'e' my name is Caroline
As the new boss I 'm mortified
just wear it
You can 't tell Asians they made a mistake
He turns his head and draws his sword and kills himself
Thank you Mr. Lee
you can call me Han
H - a - n
My name is not easy to mistake
I think the first step in our cupcake business should have 'Max Homemade Cupcakes' written on the specials board
No, can 't write my name on it
My creditors think I 'm in Seattle
Seattle used to be my home
Max we gotta call the name out and make a gimmick
Great idea! Let 's make a gimmick
- Just to create . . .
- I laughed at you
I 'm laughing at you when you can 't be on time
The serious Max cupcake business is our lifeline
The way out for the two of us
I also want to thank you again for letting me live in your house
Is there anything I can do to help . . .
Apart from rushing to entertain the business, is there anything else you can do to help?
I mean anything that will heal Ro obbie 's breakup
thanks i 'm fine
we are working
ok i 'm working
Are you sure it 's all right?
I heard you cry last night
i won 't cry
I sold my tear duct to an organ bank two years ago
I was on the couch and heard you cry alone in the bedroom
you sure ?
What 's the cry like?
like this. . .

- I 'm not crying - then why are you . . .
none of my business
- By the way, remember - I know
we agree on any
You don 't care about my bedroom, my dining table, and my life. . .
- The boundaries are known - and . . .
Don 't tell the people in the hotel I let you stay at my house
Neither of us can cross this limit
why ?
hi roommate
that 's why
Are the sheets ok?
It 's okay to know it 's the best you can buy
Actually the best is in my bed
Max stove is hot
Can you open the back door for me?
We 've only known each other for two days and you asked me to open the back door for you?
Omg!
I forgot you were the jockey Barbie with the horse
Do not
Go out and be a bad horse!
Small chestnut horse

Don 't beat him, he 's a champion
gold stink bomb
The yard smells like fertilization
No wonder the little chestnut horse is so good in Brooklyn
Well I see 'Champion' pulling out a sizzling 'Brooklyn'
Max I think you 're overreacting to put your name on the feature board
Is it because of the fear of success?
I 'm too poor to fear success
I learned at Wharton that starting a business starts with a certain amount of fear
Can you go to word-of-mouth to check Wharton 's good reviews?
Maybe it 's hard for you to imagine a small cake business being successful because no one believes your dreams will come true
My guess
i can make it come true max
For me and for you
you just make delicious cakes
Leave everything else to me until you believe
I believe everything you say and believe that children are the future of the motherland
Max is me!
I know
You sleep with a knife under your pillow?
This is the only security system I can afford
Besides, if you have something to do, you can 't cut your wrist.
I can 't sleep on the couch
Does Scandinavian call 'sciatica' 'IKEA'?
And there are strange noises in the street
I have no sleep background music
That 's Puerto Rican background music you 'll get used to
Can I sleep here for a while?
Even my man can 't sleep with me
I don 't have the strength to talk about men now!
I want to sleep !
good come in
what is that ?
Eat potato chips while sleeping
- Smoky bacon? - Tell you it 's delicious
Because you broke up with Robbie?
I 'm going into town to be a babysitter in about five hours.
By you, it 's just a night light, the blonde hair is too bright
thanks

Max has entered the living room Max has entered the bedroom!

- R obbie ! - What 's up baby?
Ro obbie what are you doing? We broke up
Still split?
tease me
And got raped in this bed
Wish the sheets were washed
Got it, you dumped me because you like girls
It 's okay, I like girls too
Right now there are two girls I like
Ro obbie if I want to be gay she 's the 'homosexual' I 'm least likely to 'love'
listen baby
- you hurt her - stop
Because you and she slept with trans fat snacks
Put this in your mouth
Oh your business I shut up
Ro obbie why?

Betrayed me, what are you going to do?
well said
I have something to say, you better listen

What are you, Shadow of Broken Love?
Ro obbie go away! I can 't tell you clearly in front of the shadow of lovelorn
I 'll call you back to get something and talk about it later
leave the key
To be honest Max you broke my heart
You are the only woman who makes me sad
Give
Ladies, although I don 't know what 's going on with you guys, I 'd definitely feel better if I was in bed
How are you ?
If you need to talk, you can come to me
Can I have a bite?
Do you think this is delicious?
God we are so poor
Good morning! What a day
Curtains are meant to be down
Now start treating me like a vampire who hates sales
Bad news, a broken pipe on the street, no water.
The good news is when I go to buy coffee
Chatted with two workers, Juan and Javier
They guarantee that the water cut will not exceed 3 o 'clock
I also went to the health food store and bought some freshly squeezed juice
'Ginger Fruit Little Strawberry' flavored
This is the name of the prostitute who used to live in the apartment
- what is this? - my message
It says 'Thank you for letting me sleep in your bed last night'
I prefer the change I usually keep on my nightstand
I had a few words with the cashier Nabulangi when I went to that cute coffee shop
There 's a girl named Nabulangi in your first sentence, I have to sit down first
She said the manager came to work at 11:00
So I decided to put on Chanel and walk over to introduce myself and your wonderful cake
I 'll do it instead
Oguri Ma and I say goodbye and leave
Just having one outfit for going out really saves hours of dressing up

There are so many new 'Brooklyn'
Good morning, Xiaoli Ma is so beautiful. . .


isn 't it?

Check out another Chanel
tell me it 's mud
tell me it 's mud
Is this mud ?
What is this? Carrots?
Are there carrots in the mud?
no water
help me clean up please do something
get rid of these get rid of
WAIT! THIS CLOTHING IS DRY CLEAN ONLY
Max please please take me to a place where I can take a hot bath please
- Calm is just mud- Max please
Do not touch me !
Thank you so much for taking me to the place where you look after the kids for a bath
do i have any other choice
you held the knife under the pillow at me
I 'll introduce myself to your boss and tell her what happened
I don 't want P each to know you 're here this is a job
- Don 't meet and greet - Got it
You go in, take a battle bath and leave
Okay, I 'm hiding in the hallway waiting for her to leave
You don 't have to go in with me. She never looks at me.
- Morning!
-   M a x
go !
Hi P each
What major occasions should I attend for hair and makeup?
do pilates
Max good news
Is there a way to make diamonds shine brighter?
I asked another pair of twins in the building to play for Brad and Angelina
five minutes later
- Yes, what are they called?
-   6 b
Goodbye B rangelina Mama loves you
Make this one too before you guys go
Angelina needs your help
It 's too fat to give her a whole neck
P each please that 's baby fat
Even fat kids can be painful
Don 't listen to your mother 's Angelina
she never eats no she doesn 't eat
This time add 'e' to Caroline
Here I am your new spelling name tag
Thank you Han
I saw something I shouldn 't
I put the correct name tag on the cabinet
Sorry but thank you very much what are you doing ?

I know you said you don 't want to be named here
But seeing this now . . .
how do you feel ?
It feels like you won 't listen to me whether it 's this job or the other
I say take a fight shower and go out
You actually slept at P each 's house?
Soft pillows are calling me
P each found blonde hair in her bed thinking her husband was having an affair
He 's really doing it, but that 's not the point
You almost ruined a wonderful fake marriage involving innocent children
I have some good news
Look that 's Nabulangi
I invited her to try your delicious cake
If she likes we can go to her bakery
come say hi
No, not now, I 'm going to call Ro obbie before I get busy
tell him when to come get something
- Max wait - don 't distract me
I want to sound cold and hot like
'The old lady kicked you asshole'
- Max - Ro obbie is me
The burp from the voicemail is so delicious.
- Max i . . .
- etc
you come tomorrow to get your stuff
I don 't know how you can live without the horizontal bar and the Axe deodorant spray.
Max hang up I already called him

Did you call Ro obbie ?
You have done so much for me and I want to do something for you
So I called Ro obbie and told him to come over and give him everything
Now you don 't have to deal with that mess anymore
I think you 'll be happy I gave him a good lesson
What about the boundaries we said?
You got into my bed my boss 's bed and now you 're calling Ro obbie again?
you 're like . . . like your big fat horse
pointing fingers everywhere
I 'm helping you
the sound from your bedroom that night
Whatever it is, I know you 're not happy
i 'm masturbating
love my job
come out with me right now

Don 't get involved with her. She 's asking for money from a homeless man.
No Bob is an investor we 'll be right back
Cake is delicious, right?
Max, you are so wise to scare our only potential business partner away
You stole my 'Breakup Cool Shots'
The only fun part of breaking up with a guy is telling him how nice you are when you give him back
I don 't know if you noticed that I have a limited entertainment budget so looking forward to this breakup cool moment
As a result, you jumped out and ended up
I think you can 't help but intervene
The people of your Channing family have always been so sneaky!
funny ha
Okay you wanna break up and be cool? You have
- The old lady broke up with you- Okay
The cake business is over, the dream is shattered
Na abulangi will be shocked
I don 't have to live on you or on your cake
I can think of other ways
You can laugh at my Wharton background.
Sister, I 'm a business genius to be self-reliant
Is that right? Today you were a dog chewing mud.
After we finished playing, I packed up and left
What? Are you going to ride 'Mr. Sludge' with a suitcase full of dreams and leave?
Say it, keep on sinking
Because you 're in control of your future again
Are you kidding me, how can I have a future?
M a x . . .
Are you awake?
no
- Max are you still angry? - Yes
- you 're still angry when you 're awake? - no yes
- Your bed is so soft - that 's my boobs
I know I moved out but I 'm back
I bought cocktails for myself and others and for myself with the money left over from my broken dreams

Did you bring me a cup back? I don 't want to wake up to your nagging
M a x . . .
i have nothing
I really need that cake business
i can change
- No you can 't change - I can 't change
But I can get better
please? please let 's do business
I know you fear success
You are afraid because no one believes in your dreams
But I believe in your dreams
we have a common dream
oh my god you 're drunk
I guess I don 't remember what I said when I woke up.
I 'm sorry I spoke ill of your father
Did you hear that ?
Max are you awake?
Are there any potato chips for the poor?
hello hangover number three
Why are the curtains drawn? Aren 't we vampires?
I bought you coffee and freshly squeezed juice with the last bit of money from last night 's cake sale
In other words, after two days of business, we lost 23 dollars
Is the cake business still ready to continue?
Yes
- How much do we want? - 250,000
great
Max sorry I crossed the line
never mind
I 've made a deal with the drunk Caroline actually . . .
She also signed the contract
' I 'm a drunk Caroline is a . . . '
what word ?
super big dick
thanks
'I 'm a drunk Caroline is a super dick'
'I promise not to talk much and not talk too much'
'Poor Man 's Potato Chips Guaranteed to Fill Max'
'Never interfere with her sweet potato love'
This makes you laugh
Don 't vomit smudges won 't make this contract void if you 're thinking about it
gosh !
I forgot again that we have a horse
Max kicked him out he didn 't know I was a waiter
Small chestnut horse
Sure enough, the champion horse learns much faster than you.
The subtitles of this forum are only for translation and learning purposes. Any commercial use is prohibited. Otherwise, the consequences will be at your own risk.
