 Come on , Albert !
 Mickey Bricks , if you 've ever been brilliant , please be brilliant now .
 Gentlemen ! I know what you 're thinking ... but , er ...

 I guess ... most of you must have thought that ... one day it would end like this ...

 sync and corrections by Bellows www . addic7ed . com
 - Oh , you did not just say that !
 - It is a well known fact . - Well known by who ?
 - Everyone . - Not me .
 - That 's because you 're a bird .
 - Mickey ?
 Leave me out of this .
 How can you say women are more argumentative than men ?
 - Because it 's a well- known fact . - No it is not .
 - See ? - See what ?
 - I mentioned that women are more argumentative than men , and you 've done nothing but argue since .
 - I was discussing . - What 's the difference ?
 One is arguing and the other one .... isn 't .
 Way to go , sis . You baffled him with logic ...
 He knows what I mean . Eddie , do you think I 'm argumentative ?
 - You are a bit , yeah . - No , I 'm not .
 I wasn 't arguing . No , she was discussing , you see .
 - Yeah , they do a lot of that , birds .
 - Yeah , they do ... mmm . Mmm .
 Oh , all right .
 You can be so annoying , really ... all of you .
 Well , looks like you were right , he arrived last evening .
 Who did ?
 Our new mark .
 Madani Wasem .
 Came to London in the '80s to re- trace his father 's footsteps and accept a place at Oxford University .
 He graduated with a degree in economics before returning to Bahrain to take his place on the board of his father 's company ,
 The Gulf Partnership .
 Wasem was with friends when he heard of his father 's death five weeks ago .
 Yes ! It 's party time !
 So they didn 't get on then ?
 He 'd lived his entire life in his father 's shadow .
 He was heard telling an aide at the funeral that he 'd spent his adult life waiting for him to die .
 Oh , what a charmer .
 How much did he get ?
 North of 850 million .
 He got the family money and his father 's shares , but he has no real power .
 His father was respected , but he isn 't .
 The board of Gulf Partnership quickly closed ranks to stop him taking control .
 Which left Wasem with a bit of a chip on his shoulder .
 Oh , poor love
 They see him for what he is ... Little more than a thug .
 He doesn 't earn respect , he buys it .
 Using his wealth to surround himself with people who will do whatever he asks .
 Including an enforcer , someone who will kill or torture on demand .
 The man who led the move to stop Wasem taking control of his father 's company was found with his throat cut in his own bathroom by his 10- year- old daughter , yesterday afternoon .

 Wasem has been linked to two similar killings since his father 's death , and a long list of business associates being beaten and having their families threatened .

 - Question .
 - Go on .
 We usually spend our time staying away from people like this .
 Why are we going after him ? I think he 's too good to pass up .
 He 's been making his way around Europe playing the markets .
 For anyone that openly opposes him , he uses violence , but he knows that to take control of his father 's company , he has to prove to the shareholders he has his father 's flair for making money .
 So far he 's played the markets in Greece , Turkey , Spain , and Portugal , making a hefty profit in each .
 Now he 's in London , and he 'll be looking for a broker . Why travel ?
 You can buy shares anywhere .
 That 's one of the lessons he actually learnt from his father ...
 local knowledge is the key to making a good return .
 So he flies in , talks to whoever he can , tries to find an inside track , and then buys through a local broker .
 What kind of money are we talking about ?
 In Spain he invested six million euros .
 He is very definitely high risk , but with that comes high rewards .
 Well ... I 'm in .
 Ash ? Well , you know me .
 Where you go , I go .
 Albert ?
 Yeah , all right .
 It would be rude not to .
 Good .
 Then let 's go get him .
 It is done .
 How ?
 His throat cut from ear to ear while he sat ... in the restroom .
 Very appropriate .
 You know the last thing he said to me was that my only chance of regaining my father 's company ... had gone down the toilet .
 There was a problem . His wife ran to a neighbour , the police shut off the streets ,
 - our enforcer was trapped .
 - Was he arrested ? No .
 They shot him .
 He is dead .
 Replace him .
 So what 's going on ?
 Truth ?
 Always .
 I 'm tired , Albert .
 Take a break .
 I don 't think a fortnight in Vegas is gonna cure it this time .
 Well , so take a year ... two .
 It 's not that easy .
 What about you ? Ash ? Sean and Emma ?
 We 're all big enough to take care of ourselves .
 No , we 're a crew , a family .
 We don 't walk out on each other .
 So this guy isn 't just another mark ?
 He 's your retirement fund ?
 Marks like this one don 't come along very often .
 No they don 't .
 So maybe everything we 've done has been leading us to this point .
 One big mark , our very own lottery win .
 Then we can all walk away on top , money in our pockets .
 He could kill you .
 Well , then we make that a risk worth taking .
 Oh , Emma , shopping list .
 Oo , my kind of job .
 Anything new there Em ?
 His favourite buys are gas and oil , but he hates new media , pharmaceuticals , retail companies .
 Yeah .
 What he loves best is an edge , something that sets him ahead from everybody else .
 Then that 's exactly what we 'll give him .
 Sean , let 's see how long we 've got , he 's got a private plane , but check with the service see when he 's due to leave .
 - Yeah , gotcha . - How are things going ?
 It 's going live now , bank account 's set up ,
 - I 'm still working on the hardware but I think I can crack it .
 - Great .
 We 're in .
 Yeah . No , no , no .
 Sure ... No , listen , we wait .
 We wait until New York opens in the morning , because if the Dow Jones rallies we 'll get more action here .
 Yeah .
 My clients have very specific targets with zero risk attached .
 Yes , I said zero .
 No , but listen , we wait ... we wait until the very last moment , and then we buy fast before anyone else gets wind of what we 're buying .
 No- one else in London will get close .
 All right , call you later .
 Bye .
 - It 's too much .
 - Would you relax ! This is still peanuts .
 We could move up to ten million before anyone else starts asking questions .
 Well , I 'm not so sure .
 I think it 's all happening too fast .
 What if they realise why we buy what we do ?
 They won 't . How could they ?
 Relax . Breathe !
 Have some wine , try the T- bone , it 's to die for .
 - Gentlemen , forgive me . - Yes ?
 My employer , Madani Wasem , was on the next table and couldn 't help overhear you talking about your business .
 You trade on the London stock markets , no ?
 I 'm sorry ...
 Why are we having this conversation ?
 Mr Wasem is in London for a short time , and he would like to invite you to visit him at his hotel .
 He believes you may find such a visit to be mutually beneficial .
 He said what ! ?
 That he did not do home visits and should you wish to talk to him then to do so during office hours .
 Did you tell this " William Cole " who I was ?
 - Yes , sir .
 - And ?
 He said that he had heard of your father .
 There 's a fine line between piquing someone 's interest
 - and being so rude they never want to set eyes on you again .
 - True .
 - But do you think he 'll call ?
 - He 's a bully .
 It upsets him when people don 't do what he wants them to do .
 Evening , all .
 - What 's that ? - What 's what ?
 - The cable . - What cable ?
 Oh this !
 Oh !
 Well , it depends on how you look at it .
 To the untrained eye , this is just a length of fibre- optic cable .
 But in the right hands and with a bit of razzle dazzle , this is the beating heart of the British economy .
 He called yet ?
 Playing hard to get never worked for me either .
 We 've found a London broker who can oversee all our purchases .
 OK , I think we might need a boost .
 Bloody marvellous , the man 's a miracle worker .
 Invested 40k , got a 60 % return inside of three days . - That 's incredible .
 - Someone must be giving him an edge .
 - What 's his name again ?
 - Cole . William Cole .
 - Don 't they call him " Golden Balls " or such like ? - That 's the chappie .
 Can you get me in to see him ?
 Well , I 'll try , old son , but he 's quite exclusive .
 Mind you , not hard to see why .
 You won 't make it ring by looking at it .
 Maybe I called it wrong .
 No , you 're just wound up .
 I mean , most of the time , when a mark 's just a mark , you get a set- back , you don 't panic , you take it in your stride .
 It 's only cos this one 's more important .
 Sorry , I don 't get you .
 How long have I known you , Mick ?
 - 20 years ?
 - And in all that time , you 've played the odds .
 Avoided marks like this Wasem bloke like the plague .
 So I figure if that 's no longer the case , then either you 've got a death wish , in which case
 I 'm not sure why you have to take me with you .
 Or ... he 's a special kind of mark .
 The kind of mark who 'll give you enough money to get out of the game forever .
 Am I that easy to read ?
 Yeah , a doddle , always have been .
 I should have known . You can 't kid a kidder .
 No , that 's bollocks .
 You can kid anyone ...
 Except a mate .
 Whatever you do is all right with me .
 Do you mean that ? I wouldn 't have said it otherwise .
 Just don 't start getting all soppy on me , all right ?
 Anyway , I 'm not getting any younger and I 'm fed up of carrying you .
 Well , yes . Yeah .
 Although none of this makes a blind bit of difference if he doesn 't call .
 Time for plan B ?
 William Cole .
 Mr Cole , this is Madani Wasem .
 Let me check my diary .
 No , sorry , I can 't do noon .
 Yeah , yeah , I can do 12 . 30 .
 OK , yeah , see you then .

 Yeah , it 's me . We 're in .
 Thank you , Emma .
 I swear that girl could scam a space shuttle if she set her mind to it .
 You know , long before " con " became a dirty word , all it stood for was " confidence " .
 And what 's so bad about that ?
 Now , I 'm not saying that all my peers are angels , far from it !
 But whatever industry you work in , be it an office , or a hospital , or a road gang I guarantee you 'll have your share of rogues too .
 We 're criminals because we work outside the law .
 Fine .
 But what we do , we can 't do without greed .
 Take Madani Wasem for instance .
 Now , he could buy his stocks and his shares just like everyone else .
 Pay the same price , take the same risk .
 If he did , there 's no way we could touch him .
 Honestly , do you think we could do what we do if he wasn 't looking for an edge ?
 If he wasn 't looking for something that gave him an unfair advantage over everyone else ?
 No .
 It 's his greed that makes him fair game .
 All we do , is feed that greed .
 And the greedier he is , the more we can take him for .
 All we need to do now is plan things and cover all the angles so there are no surprises .
 - So how we doing ? - Yeah , good to go .
 Sean 's out front , he 'll give us a heads up when they 're here .
 - We doing a convincer ?
 - I thought I 'd freeze him out .
 Do you think that 's a good idea ?
 The more we drive him mad , the more he 'll want to break us .
 I get the logic , but this is a mark who has people killed , mate and your strategy is pissing him off .
 I know what I 'm doing .
 Yeah ?

 He 's here .
 And he 's got some bird with him .
 What bird ?
 " Fit " doesn 't help , Sean . Any clue what she does ?
 No , no , it 's OK , send 'em up .
 If you 'd just like to take the elevator up to the sixth floor , somebody will meet you there .
 Thank you .
 Mr Wasem ? Perfect , right this way , please .
 Don 't worry . Don 't worry , ok ?
 Take this one . When you get back , all right , just call me ,
 - we 'll talk about it .
 Ok ? - Ok . Ok .
 - Good , good .
 Mr Wasem . Very pleased to meet you .
 This is my broker whilst I 'm in London , Yvonne Hammond .
 Ms Hammond . A pleasure .
 So . Well , look , we can , er ...
 Oh , Henry , for God 's sake , leave it .
 - Get out ! - I 'm sorry - Get out !
 Out ! Come on !
 How quickly can you leave an office ?
 Terribly sorry about that , must be hire a cretin week .
 You stay .
 - I 've been hearing a lot of good things about you , Mr Cole .
 - Oh ?
 People are very impressed with the returns you 've achieved and in such a short space of time .
 Well , that 's the beauty of the markets isn 't it ?
 I mean , if you 're well informed and you 're , you 're quick enough , all things are possible .
 They talk to you like you 're the lowest form of life .
 Want to know where you are every minute of the day , run here , go there , do this , move that , then they treat you like a muppet .
 I know everything he does .
 I know how he makes his money and why everyone thinks he 's golden bollocks .
 What do I get for it ? Nothing . Just abuse .
 I don 't suppose your bloke 's got any jobs going , has he ? I do IT .
 Information exchange systems . - I don 't think so .
 - Yeah , well , if you hear of anything , let us know , eh ?
 I 'd love to be able to tell him where to stick his job .
 Mr Wasem is in London for three days and whilst he 's here , he 's very keen to make some investments .
 And ?
 He would be very interested to hear if you have any advice to give him .
 After discussing your fee , of course .
 - We do some business , yes ?
 - Ah .
 Ah ? Mmm , awkward .
 I have a waiting list .
 - You have a waiting list ?
 - Yes . Do you know who I am ?
 Yes , yes , but even so .
 We understand that you must have a very long list of people eager to do business with you , Mr Cole , but we 're equally sure that you could find a way to make an exception for Mr Wasem .

 He asked me to wait in line !
 - I could go back in there and speak to him .
 - No , screw him .
 You . Screw you .
 I will crush you .
 Get the car .
 I don 't think he 's very happy .
 I do not know what you said to him but he was not pleased .
 What have I missed ? - Does anyone know she was in London ?
 - No . I mean , we didn 't know she was in the game but did she know we were ?
 She can 't have known .
 Sorry , I 've missed something here ,
 - like a meeting or something . - We need to talk to her .
 - Do we know where to find her ? - No . But she knows where to find us .
 Eh !
 You 'll never guess what . Stacie 's here .
 - How does he , how does he do that ?
 - Mickey !
 Your face was a picture .
 Never thought I 'd see you speechless .
 - Well , it was a bit of a shock .
 - I 'm sorry .
 - Ash . - Hello darlin ' . Long time .
 - Albie . - You look magnificent and you feel even better .
 - Stacie , this is Emma and Sean Kennedy . - Hi .
 - Hello . - You all right ?
 - Ash has told me all about you .
 He called occasionally .
 Yeah , well , I 'm not good with small talk .
 - Yes , so I noticed .
 - Where 's Danny ?
 Oh , he fell in love with a cocktail waitress in Santa Monica .
 They were planning a summer wedding , choosing names for their children .
 Then her husband found out .
 Last I heard , they were heading for Vegas .
 - Apparently , Danny had a plan . - Yeah , I bet he did .
 How long you been back ?
 Why didn 't you tell us you were coming and how long you staying ?
 A girl can 't answer that many questions without a drink .
 I 'll kill him .
 I 'll wipe every trace of him off the Earth .
 Now , you .
 You , go and shoot him .
 It 's the UK , sir , we can 't carry guns .
 - Where 's my enforcer ? - I have found someone .
 A Ukrainian , Alex Klukas , he was recommended to me by one of our men .
 He has the details .
 But there may also be another way .

 - So what you playing ? - Nothing fancy .
 Just thought I 'd siphon off the top of whatever he invested , get 10 or 20 grand and disappear .
 - That 's when you ran into us . - Exactly .
 Have you any idea how angry you made him ?
 Yeah , I think so .
 I don 't know how far along you are , Mickey , but I 'd think seriously about walking away from this one .
 Why ?
 There 's just something about him . He 's not a very nice man .
 Everyone 's frightened of him .
 - I 've never met a nice mark yet . - No , it 's more than that .
 We know he uses a hit man , he knocked some bloke off two days ago .
 Exactly . We know what he 's capable of .
 It 's a calculated risk .
 - So are you going back ? - I don 't know .
 It ain 't going to hurt , having you on the inside , Stace .
 That 's true .
 As far as I can see all you 've done so far is wind him up - and make him furious .
 - Look , he 's a bully . So we take away his control , you know , take away his power ,
 - make him feel small .
 - And , then , when he 's ready to burst ...
 - We find a way to give him that control back .
 - How ?
 Just like that .
 Ah- ho- ho- ho .
 Hello ?
 We don 't have to do this , you know , we could bring him in another way .
 - Yes , Mum . - I mean it . - I 'll be OK .
 Tell him what he wants to know quickly , don 't string it out .
 This is our convincer , if he doesn 't have to work for it , he won 't believe it .
 I know but you can make sure ...
 Will you just stop ?
 I 've been to the toilet , I 've washed me hands - and I 've got a clean hankie , all right ?

 - All right .
 Don 't wait up .
 Hello , how are you ?
 Good , thanks .
 - Barir said something about a job ?
 - Yeah , of course .
 Think of this as a job interview .
 Right . OK .
 Now Barir tells me that you know how Mr Cole selects his investments .
 Er , yeah , well , kind of .
 But I 'm not sure I should talk about that . Oh ?
 Well , it 's not part of my job , not really ,
 I do IT , you see . I 've , um , brought my CV .
 There you go .
 Let me ask you the question in a different way .
 You know how he selects his investments .
 I know what he does ,
 I heard him talking to the yank but I don 't know how .
 Look , I swear , I don 't know .
 I know what his edge is , I know why he never loses any money , but how the whole thing works , the mechanics , only he knows that .
 You will tell me everything you know about William Cole and how he selects his investments .
 Everything .
 Every detail .
 You leave nothing out .
 Do you understand ?
 Oh , Jesus !
 I think he 's convinced .
 I 'm not going to meet you .
 Sorry , sir , you don 't have an appointment !
 I don 't need one .
 - What do you think you 're doing ? - Sit down and shut up .
 - I 'm so sorry ! He won 't listen to me .
 - Call security . Call whoever you want , you piece of shit .
 Because the second after you throw me out , I 'm going to tell the police about how you 're intercepting data from the London Stock Exchange .
 Which would put you out of business and into prison .
 Sir ?
 Erm , yeah , it 's , er , it 's OK , Alice , take the rest of the day off .
 Close the door behind you .
 Now he wants a meeting . Now he wants to talk .
 Well , maybe I don 't want to do business .
 Maybe I got a waiting list .
 Look , I didn 't mean to offend you .
 No ?
 Well , I 'm about to offend you . Talk to him .
 Mr Wasem is a very reasonable man and he has no wish for things to be anything other than cordial .
 It 's very lucky for you I 'm a reasonable man , you horse 's ass .
 But he insists that you show him how the data is intercepted and how you use this data to choose which investments you make .
 Before I do anything at all , I want to know how you came by this information .
 That is none of your business .
 You just show me how it works .
 I can 't do that because there are other people involved .
 Let me explain something to you , Mr Golden Balls .
 It would give me great pleasure to just tell the police everything I know and I can go home .
 Or I can forget about the police and just shoot you and everyone you love in the head .
 The only thing that 's stopping me from doing that is the thought that I can make some money here .
 So you , you got a very simple choice .
 You can either show me how the interception works or you can go to prison or you be dead .
 All right , I 'll need some time .
 Of course .
 You have a minute .
 - Have you gone insane ? - I had no choice , they know .
 How ? That doesn 't matter .
 All that 's important is that you show me what I came to see .
 I 'm sorry , there 's no other way .
 This is it ?
 This cable carries a live feed into the stock exchange building next door .
 There was a fault in the system and George was sent over from the company in Houston who supplied the software .
 His team had to dig up the cable so that they could fit a new digital transcoder unit .
 When we did , I realised with an exposed cable and the right software , we could manipulate the data that passes through it .
 This is a hard drive .
 It records all of the data coming in and holds it up for nine tenths of a second before playing it on down the line .
 - To the stock exchange ? - Exactly .
 It holds it up long enough for us to analyse it and identify any major shifts , trends or movements , before playing it on to the stock exchange boards .
 It 's also hooked up to our trading account , so it can make purchases based on those calculations .
 Wait .
 You 're saying you can analyse the data and actually purchase stocks before the stock exchange gets the same information ?
 - That 's exactly what I 'm saying .
 - But that 's , that 's genius .
 - Can this be done ?
 - Well , if , if what they 're saying is true .
 - It 's absolutely true . - And there 's no risk . Ever .
 We only ever buy stock we know is going to rise .
 And presumably you can off- load before anyone else if it starts to go down ?
 We don 't hold on to it that long , we just make our profits and get out .
 OK , I 'm in .
 - You 're in ? - In for what ?
 You will make investments for me .
 Look , I 'm sorry , it 's not that simple .
 I heard you in the restaurant .
 You said you have a capacity for ten million .
 Well , yes , I mean , that 's the top end of our buying power but ...
 But what ?
 Well , even if we had that kind of money , which , by the way , we don 't , we 'd never go over a million , we don 't want to draw attention to ourselves .
 That 's because you 're a horse 's ass .
 You will invest the full ten million . - Ten million ?
 - Hedge fund managers invest hundreds of millions in a day , why would anyone notice ten ?
 Because we 're private brokers trading for private investors .
 Then you buy the stock in my name , no- one will question that level of investment if it 's from me .
 You take my ten million , you double it .
 Look , well I 'd need all the money in the account .
 - And the returns ? - They 'd go to the same account .
 Miss Hammond will put everything in place .
 Look , I don 't know , we 'd have to programme in a new trading account ,
 - and re- set the buying criteria . - Then do it .
 Wait a minute , wait a minute , what do we get out of this , huh ?
 Yeah , I mean we still get our commission , right ?
 Er , 22 % . Cash .
 Five per cent . What ?
 Perhaps the experience will teach you some manners .
 You call me when it 's ready .
 OK , once the money is in the trading account ,
 - I want two men watching Cole around the clock .
 - Yes , sir .
 I want you to learn how they programme the machine .
 Me ?
 Why ?
 Because once you can use it , I 'll have no further use for Cole and the old man .
 Wait .
 I don 't mind bending the rules to make money , the City 's corrupt anyway .
 But I won 't be a party to murder .
 Would you rather I asked someone else ?
 Cos then , I wouldn 't need you either .
 No .
 Then just do it .
 Call my enforcer , get him on a plane .
 OK , time to bail out . You what ?
 He wants me to learn how to programme the machine .
 So that he can have you killed .
 Well , that 's kind of what we expected .
 He told Barir to call the enforcer and whatever you do ,
 - he 's not going to let you out of his sight .
 - I know .
 From tomorrow morning he 'll have two of his guards on you full time .
 Even if you pull this off , you 'll never get away clean .
 This is wicked .
 Without a doubt , this is one of the coolest things I 've ever tried on .
 I actually look like I could swim faster than a shark !
 - All right , Stace ? - Hi .
 Just for the record , this isn 't an accurate representation of my underwear .
 Pleased to hear it .
 He 's got issues , from when he was a baby .
 I do not have issues .
 Mickey , I don 't like it .
 - It feels wrong . - What about the money ?
 He 's having it transferred first thing tomorrow before the markets open .
 He 's also bringing 500, 000 in cash which is your commission
 - if you double him up . - OK .
 I tell you someone 's planning to have you killed and all you say is OK ?
 You 're taking ten million from this man , Mickey , he 's not going to just put it down to experience and walk away .
 I know Wasem won 't just walk away .
 Which is why it 's a good reason for us all to lay low for a bit .
 So , I was thinking , when this job is done , we should take a break .
 Go our separate ways for a while .
 - How long 's a while ? - Who knows ?
 I thought it best not to make plans .
 I was going to talk to you about this when the job was done but ... seems now is as good a time as any .
 So , that 's why we 're taking this job ? It 's walking away money ?
 If you want to call it that . That 's it , then ?
 One last job and we 're finished , huh ?
 I 've always thought it was a good idea to quit while you 're ahead .
 I think ten million qualifies as being ahead .
 This is the question .
 If you didn 't take this break , would you still do the job ?
 If I 'm honest .
 No , I wouldn 't .
 And I wouldn 't blame any one of you that wanted to walk away right now .
 But , come on ! The money comes in tomorrow .
 Our play is that the City of London police has had us under surveillance .
 Ash has lined up a dozen grifters and all the vehicles .
 We get ourselves arrested but we let Wasem get away .
 He 'll go straight to the airport , desperate to leave the country , thinking the money 's been impounded , there 's nothing to keep him here , where as we , on the other hand , will cash in and be long gone by the time the dust settles .



 It will work . Trust me .
 Hello .
 We have a job .
 Stay in your room , I will send over a package .
 - You OK ? - Yeah .
 So , it must be nice to see Stacie again .
 - Yeah , yeah , it is . - Yeah , Ash told me that you two , um ,
 - you were quite close for a while . - Yeah , we were .
 - Yeah , you go back a long way . - Yeah , that 's right .
 So , this , er , whole break thing .
 You know the whole , um , going our own way thing .
 Only it 's a bit sudden and it 's a bit like ,
 Stacie turning up the way she has and I just , I ... I was wondering if the two things were related in any way .
 It 's just curiosity , really , It 's a good job I 'm not a cat .
 - No , the thing , the thing is ...
 - No , it 's not .
 - It 's not what ? - Related .
 - OK .
 It 's just ... I want to live a normal life for a while .
 Get to know people for who they are .
 Not constantly look at them and see if they 'd make a great mark or not .
 So , it 's more like a holiday , really ?
 Yeah , I guess so .
 Yeah , so we could still , you know , like , meet up and spend time together and ... and chill .
 I 'd like that . Me too .
 Then the work thing wouldn 't be there any more , would it ?
 No , it wouldn 't .
 And if everything goes right tomorrow , then you know , we 'll be stinking rich .
 Yes , we will .
 So , at some point , we could be talking you and me , and a desert island and ,
 like , a couple of million in the bank or something .
 That doesn 't sound too shabby , does it ?
 No , it doesn 't .
 OK , good .
 Great , well , then I 'll just leave you to your thinking .
 I just thought I 'd ask .
 I 'm really glad you did .
 OK , so you go when Albert calls Nick to give him the thumbs up .
 Hard and fast , OK ? Lots of noise .
 We need them scared enough to run straight to the airport .
 Everyone in cuffs and dragged out to the vans .
 So , we 're going to be outside the London Stock Exchange , in broad daylight , so it won 't be long before the real old bill notice .
 So , don 't hang about , get them in the vans and on your way .
 The mark is last up .
 He 'll be with his bodyguard and Stacie .
 Stacie will offer to bribe Nick at that point
 - and that 's when you let them go .
 Is that all clear ? - Yeah .
 Right , get yourselves in position .
 Good luck .
 All right ?
 Nice one .
 Take care , Albert .
 So , Stacie called .
 The money 's in the trading account but when we get there , Wasem needs to put his pin number in ,
 - before we can move it .
 - OK .
 We 'll clear out of the penthouse and meet at the hotel when it 's done .
 We 'll split the money by direct transfer , and then ... all go our separate ways .
 Everyone know what they 're doing ? Right .
 What about me ?
 Eh ?
 Everyone 's talking about the biggest job ever , you know , history in the making and all that and everyone 's got something to do except me .
 Even the bloody dogs have got a part .
 Yeah , yeah , well , er , there 's a reason we haven 't given you anything yet , Ed .
 - Yeah ?
 - Because we 've saved the best till last .
 Ah , see , I thought it 'd be something like that . So , what ?
 Do I get like a uniform , an ' all that ?
 No , you won 't need one , you see , the most important part of your job ... is to have the drinks ready and on the table for when we get back .
 Good luck , Ed .
 Sir , we need your pin .
 Thank you .

 OK . Three minutes .
 - That it ? - Yeah . Like we were never here .
 What 's happening with my money ?
 It 's all right .
 It 's buying .
 Are we ready to do the transfer ?
 So , now , we transferring his ten million from the trading account , into our account .
 - Hi .
 - Hello .
 - We have a reservation , under the name of Jones .
 - OK .
 This is the most fun I 've ever had . You know what ?
 I think we come back tomorrow , we do it all over again .
 Stay where you are ! Get on the floor ! Down now !
 Armed Police ! Nobody move !
 You are under arrest on suspicion of fraud .
 Come on . Come on .
 - This has nothing to do with us . - All right , darlin ' , tell it to the judge .
 No , no , no , I mean it .
 They did it , they have this machine , they wanted us to invest .
 That 's what happened , she 's telling the truth !
 - We didn 't even give them the money .
 - Hold up .
 Bring 'em back .
 Take the rest of them away .
 It was ... it was just a demonstration , we only met them yesterday .
 They were trying to convince us to invest but we didn 't .
 Open the bag , you can see for yourself .
 - So , this is your money ? - Yes .
 B- But it doesn 't have to be . It could be yours .
 So , if it just disappeared .
 There is half a million pounds in cash in that bag , so ...
 If you let us go we won 't even look back , I swear .
 I 've got a jet fuelled and ready to leave ,
 I can be out of the country in an hour .
 You 've got the machine , the people who built it .
 Why do you need us ?
 Our friend 's on his way to the airport .
 Stacie 's going to lose him and meet you back at the hotel .
 You son of a bitch , you did it .
 Hold tight .
 You did well .
 Just get on the plane before they change their mind .
 We 're back .
 Ah .
 Hey .
 Ha- ha- ha .
 Current balance , ten million pounds . Yes !
 And he gave us half a mill commission in cash - for taking it off him .
 - Yeah- hey .
 Thank you , my dear .
 - To us . To us ! - Yeah , yeah !
 Woo hoo !
 They 've just gone into the hotel . No . No police .
 - Ah , taste of victory . - Scary . Scary .
 Guys , get out .
 Go .
 Go , go , move .
 Come on , Albert .
 Mickey Bricks , if you 've ever been brilliant , please be brilliant now .
 Gentlemen . I know what you 're thinking but , er ...
 That 's my money . That 's my money . Come on , come on .
 I guess most of you must have thought that , one day , it would end like this .
 Which , without an extraordinary amount of planning , it very well might have done .
 Come on , then . Off your arses . Wakey wakey .
 Honestly , eh ?
 What would you lot do without me coming to bale you out of trouble all the time ?
 I mean it 's all right Mickey doing all that ,
 " Look at me , I 'm a clever bastard " stuff , but when it comes down to it .
 You just can 't do it without me , can you ?
 - Are you sure you couldn 't find anyone else ?
 - I 'm sorry . - Hello . Who 's this ?
 Very pretty .
 - Hello , sweetheart .
 I 'm Danny .
 Danny Blue . Probably heard a lot about me .
 Call my enforcer , get him on a plane .
 - Alex Klukas ? - I 'm here .
 Hello , Mickey .
 Try this on .
 Just for the record , this isn 't an accurate representation of my underwear .
 I want you to learn how they programme the machine .
 How does the machine work ?
 Well , basically , it 's a box with a bunch of lights in it .
 I thought it might be . Gentlemen .
 I know what you 're thinking .
 Come on then , off your arses .
 - Did you , er , did you throw it all over ? - Nah , fifty grand or so .
 Er , now might be a good time to slip away .
 I think that 's a fabulous idea .
 How about , me and you , we just slip away together ?
 Danny , behave .
 Easy pal , that 's my sister .
 Whoa , everybody 's a bit touchy , ain 't they ?
 I didn 't have to use blanks , you know , I did think about it .
 - How you doing , Albie ? - Pretty good , Danny , pretty good .
 - I 'm sorry I had to shoot you . - Don 't worry about it .
 I blame Mickey . He 's very theatrical .
 - Someone shut him up . - It was OTT , that 's all I 'm saying .
 - We were still being watched . - Exactly .
 Always playing to the audience .
 Listen , listen , mate , when you 've taken someone for ten million , the only way you can be sure they 're not coming after you is if they think you 're dead .
 Ten million ?
 Is this a good time to talk about my cut ?
 I think we 'd better be going .
 Time we should make a move , come on .
 Wahey . Yeah .
 - I 've just had an amazing and original idea . - God , help us .
 Bear with me , right , one , two , three , there 's seven of us , right ?
 We 'll start a new gang , maybe I 'll lead it , we 'll call it ....
 We should hook up .
 The Magnificent Seven .
 - What d 'you think , Albert ?
 - I think that 's a hell of an idea .
 - What about The Great Eight ? - To The Great Eight .
 So , that 's it . I 'm out of here .
 I hope you 've picked up a few things along the way .
 If something seems too good to be true , it almost certainly is .
 Always look a gift horse in the mouth .
 Unless you don 't much care whether it has teeth or not .
 And , remember , you can 't cheat an honest man .
 So , if you bend the rules to make some easy money , you deserve what you get .
 Oh , and , er , don 't believe everything people tell you .
 Whoever they are .
 Think things through for yourself .
 Is it for real ?
 Is someone telling you that story for a reason ?
 Or ... are they having you right at it ?
 But most important of all ...
 Whether it 's business ...
 - Buying . - Selling .
 - Whether it 's someone you know . - Or someone you don 't .
 Even if it 's love .
 Never be a mark .


 Sync and corrections by bellows www . addic7ed . com
