0 0 : 0 0 : 0 0 , 0 0 0 - - &gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 0 5 , 0 0 0 Original translation and bilingual subtitles The latest serial overseas film and television drama download please visit www . YY e T s . com For communication only Learn to Ban Commercial Profits The Big Bang Theory Previously on T he Big Bang Theory . . . Can you believe our little lamb is finally getting married? Can youbelieveourlittle lambis finally gettingm arried ?
He certainly doesn 't believe in Hecan 'tbelieveit. Nor do I believe in Anndneithercan I.
Dad, how are you? Hi, Dad.
H o w   y o u   d o i n g ?

I am entitled to my legal rights by E ven You Can P erform W eddings . C om . . .
I now declare that you are officially married . . . I nowpronounceyouhusban dandwife .
You can kiss the bride Youmaykissthebride .
Time to today
Good morning, wife G oodmorning , wife .
Good morning husband G oodmorning , husband . Can 't believe we 're really married I can  ' tbelievewe  ' reactuallymarried .
Officially married according to tradition It  'sofficial .
A c c o r d i n g   t o   t r a d i t i o n ,
We should hang the sheets outside weshouldhangthebedshe etsoutside so the other villagers know we are having sex sothevillagerscanseet hatweconsummated . I don 't think that 's appropriate I don  ' tthinkthatthat  ' sappropriate,
After all we are here to start our honeymoon considering where we  ' restarting ourhoneymoo n . You are right Well, I supposeyou  ' reright .
Legoland
But if you think about A lthough , whenyouthinkaboutit ,
Lego has the most perfect metaphor to describe husband and wife intercourse. Legoistheperfectmetaph orformaritalcongress.
Two pieces of LEGO 'fit' with a crisp click Two pieces that interlock with a satisfying snap .
That 's what the sound you made at the time meant Oh , that  ' sthesoundyouweremaking . I almost forgot Oh , I almostforgot .
While you were sleeping I ordered room serviceWhileyouweresleeping, I orderedroomservice.
Really? Really?
Please see V oila!

You thought it was food, right? Y outthoughtwasgoingto befood , didn  ' tyou ?
Translate and send the proposition Wang Sai Taigong, the king of cats, greasy hope
Proofreading and counting how many slang words in this episode
In the later stage, Huihui is a mushroom cool timeline Garson
Director Sina Weibo@saitaigong
pregnancy
live
Big
burst
fry
Season 12 Episode 1
Sheldon and Amy are out on their honeymoon, aren 't you happy? I sitnice having S heldon and A myawayontheirhoneymoo n ?
Yeah because I have a lot of alone time with Leonard Yeah , because now Leonard and I getallthisalonetime . But you two can 't be alone We are here Butyou  ' renotalone . We  ' rehere
Yeah where are you . . . Yes . Yes , you are .

Need us to retire first so you and my wife can talk about W ouldyoulikeustoleaves oyouand L eonardcantalkabout
All the things you have in common? Hahaha bragging got caught Ha, ha, shecalledyourbluff. Got a cool thing to share with you S o, somethingprettycoolha ppened.
Channel 3 invited me to be on tomorrow night 's news Channel 3 askedmetobeonthenewst omorrownight
Go talk about the upcoming meteor shower totalkaboutthemeteors hower.
- that 's great - congratulations - Oh , that  ' sgreat . - Hey ! Tysongothisstart .
Well-known American astronomers often appear on the TV program Science Popularization.
He went from the Hayden Planetarium
to go to local television as a guest toguestingonthelocaln ews
Finally, he complained on the Internet and ruined everyone 's favorite movie toruiningeveryone ' sfavoritemoviesonthe Internet. He once complained that the starry sky in the movie 'Titanic' did not match the real situation, which led the director to modify the starry sky in the 10th anniversary DVD.
Now this chance is my turn No owit  ' shappeningtome .
Maybe I should start a list O oh , I shouldprobably makeali st
Write about the scientific irrationality in the musical film 'Mamma Mia 2' offallthescientificina ccuraciesin M amma M ia 2 .
Are you sure you want to admit on live TV that you watched this movie You  ' regonnagoonlive TV and admit you  ' veseenthatmovie ? It was Hey , yourhusband  ' stheonewhotookme that your husband took me to see.
How did Meryl Streep and Cher see Meryl S treepand C her?
Y e a h ,   I   s a w   i t .

Sounds like someone in there S ounds like someone  ' sinthere .
God, what if someone went in and stole Sheldon and Amy 's house My God , whatif S heldon and A myaregettingrobbed ? Or maybe they came back early Orworse , whatifthey  ' rebackearly ?
Didn 't come back they just posted a They  ' renot ; theyjustpostedapictur e
Group photo in front of the Statue of Liberty
What should we do? Who are we to see the situation? S o , what should wedo ?
S shouldsomeonegocheckit out ? I would but I gotta be on TV tomorrow I would , but I gottobeon TV tomorrow .

I have to protect my money making machine. G ottoprotectthemoney .

Yes there is definitely someone in there Oh , yeah , someone  ' sdefinitely in there .
Good guys advanced our apartment O kay , let  ' sgointourapartment .
Let 's lock the door and call the police . . .
We  ' lllockthedoor , we  ' llcallthepol . . . is anyone inside Hello?! A nyoneinthere?!


- Is there anything - Mr. Fowler - Yes ? - Oh , uh , Mr .
F o w l e r .
Sorry we didn 't know you were here S orry, wedidn 'tknowyouwerehere.
We thought someone broke into their house We -weactuallythoughtsomeonewasbreakingin .
And you were ready to take the thief down A ndwewerereadytotaketh emdown .
Amy asked me to come and water her plants A myaskedmetowaterherpl ants .
She did not keep plants S hedoesn  ' thaveanyplants .
Well you caught me lying Well, youcaughtmeinalie.
Farewell to Haveagoodday.


Was it weird just now T hatwasweird , right ?
Weird? I 've lost the ability to distinguish monsters Wasit?
I - I honestlycan  ' ttellanymore . Have you seen Mamma Mia 1 Hey , didyouevensee M amma M ia 1 ?

No need for this sequel to be a D idn  ' tneedto . Thesequelstandsonitsow n .



Hereyougo.
If two people need a recommendation for anything while visiting New York I fyouneedanyrecommenda tionswhilevisiting New York ,
You are always welcome to contact me pleasedon  ' thesitatetocontactme . We are on our honeymoon Well , itisourhoneymoon . So we will be very busy So owearegoingtobequiteb usy .
Got it Gotit.
Going to see two Harry Potter plays, partsoneandtwo.
And tomorrow we 're going to visit A ​​ndtomorrow , atourofthesites
Nikola Tesla lived where Nikola Tesla lived and slowly went crazy where N ikola T eslalived , worked and slowlywentcr azy .
Of course it goes without saying that there are coitus And , ofcourse , coitus .
Well, I wish you two a trip to New York and . . . Well, enjoy New York.
A n d ,   I   g u e s s ,   c o i t u s .


Real or fake Sheldon Really , S heldon ?
Do you want another shot? Youwanttodoitagain ? Don 't look surprised D on  ' tactsurprised .
It is clearly written on the schedule It  's clearly marked on thesc hedule .
I look at Now ,
should we iron the folds of our wizard robes first, shallwesteamthewrinkl esoutofourwizardrobes,
Or make a passionate and socially recognized love ormakevigorous , sociallysanctionedlov e ? E itherway , I can checksomething offm yto - dolist . Social recognition . . - - O h , wow .
Y e a h ,   t h e r e   i t   i s   r i g h t   t h e r e .


Hurry up now it 's Raj 's turn U h , hurry .
R a j   i s   o n   n e x t .
I can 't believe they cut the TV show The Vampire Diaries Allright.
I   c a n ' t   b e l i e v e   t h e y   c a n c e l e d   V a m p i r e   D i a r i e s
keep this shit show but they  ' llshowthis .
This is news. T hisisthenews .

That show is about a woman being torn between two handsome vampires And thatwasawomantornbe tweentwohunkyvampires . What 's your point Whatisyourpoint ?
Larry, I know you 're in there Larry?
I   k n o w   y o u ' r e   i n   t h e r e !
Is that Amy her mom? I sthat A my  ' smom ?
Let me in Letmein. Let me in Letmein!


Either her mother or the big bad wolf E itherthator the Big Bad Wolf .
Larry Larry ?
Mrs. Fowler, what 's the matter with you, Mrs.
F o w l e r ,   a r e   y o u   o k a y ?
I 'm fine and you should be worried about my husband Oh , I  ' mokay .
I t  ' smyhusbandyoushouldwo rryabout . We have to worry about him Oh , wedo .

Larry, open the door. Larry, comeon.
I don 't think he should be in there I don  ' tthinkhe  ' sinthere .

He came to water the non-existent plants I mean, hecamebytowatertheima ginaryplants,
But then he left butthenheleft .
So silly and naive You aresonaive . Blonde can eat you alive and spit it out B londiehereisgonnachew youupandspityouout .

Don 't you tell him Well, don  ' ttellhim .
Hurry up you have the backup key to open the door Comeon, you haveanextrakey. O penitup.
ok but i tell you A llright , but I  ' mtellingyou he is not in he  ' snotinthere .

Look no one T here . See ?
He 's definitely here Oh, he 'sinhere.
I can smell his Axe Body Fragrance Spray I cansmellhis A xebodyspray .

He wears Axebodyspray . Are you happy you smell like Amy her dad Youhappy ? Youmelllike A my  ' sdad .


Larry come to see Larry ? O oh , comeon .
Shouldn 't we mind our own business? A h , shouldn 't  ' twemindourownbusiness ?
Sometimes it really feels like you don 't know me at all. Wow, sometimes it  ' slikeyoudon  ' tknowmeatall .

See, he 's nothere. See, he 's not here.
You don 't know him without me Youdon  ' tknowhimlike I do .
To be honest we don 't know Tobefair , wedon  ' tknoweitherofyou about you both .

Satisfied? Satisfied?

Oh , yeah , now I smellhim .
God this weather forecast girl is really hotM an , thatisonehotweathergi rl .
Why do I have to die for saying this? Howcomeif I say that I getintrouble? Can you say it?
Y o u   c a n   s a y   i t .


You want to be beautiful N icetry .
You gotta find some other way tonight
Come and refuse to fuck with me toothavesexwithmeton ight .
this is not the weather forecast girl this is the weather forecast girl
The meteor shower and the best place to observe the man is theupcomingmeteorshow erandthebestplacestov iewit ,
Caltech Astrophysicist Dr. Rajesh Kusapali C altechastrophysicist D r. Rajesh Koothrappali .
- thanks for coming - thanks for the invitation - T hankyouforbeinghere . - T hankyouforhavingme . I guess Neil de Grasse Tyson was unavailable .

That 's right Yeah.

What do you mean by 'yes' Whatdoyoumean, 'Y eah'?
Not the point Notimportant .
So what is the biggest attraction of this meteor shower S o , whatcanweexpecttoseef romthismeteorshower ?
There will definitely be a lot of combustible gas coming. Well, I thinkyoucancountonalo tofflaminggas,
If your first choice whichiswhatyouwouldha vegotten
Neil deGrasse Tyson will have a lot of [ farts ] from yourfirstchoice , Neilde Grasse Tyson . Stop Raj and brake fast P ullup , Raj , pullup !
Sounds like there 's no love between you and Dr. Tyson
No no I 'm cute Neil Oh , no , I love Neil . Not as narcissistic as Neil but who can compare I mean , notasmuchas Neilloves Neil , butwhodoes , right ?

I can 't bear to look straight but I can 't bear to look away I want to lookaway , but I can  ' t .
The director said we 're out of time Oh, youknow, I 'mtoldweareoutoftime,
Meteor shower didn 't recognize having learned nothing a boutmeteorshowers but learned too much about Dr. Kusapali and toomuch about D r. K oothrappali .
Thank you for watching T hankyou .

Do you know what I love about Broadway theaters? Doyouknowwhat I love about B roadwaytheater ?
It 's that interactive feeling I t  ' ssointeractive . Hmm U h - huh . You are so close to the actors as if you were part of the drama You  ' resoclosetotheactors .
I t ' s   l i k e   y o u ' r e   i n   t h e   p l a y .
嗯 哼 U h --huh.
If you shout 'Harry be careful' I mean , youyell , ' Harry , watchout , '
He will look at you helooksrightatyou.
And not just Harry , everyone onstage .
Although it may seem redundant hmm A ttheriskofsoundingred undant , uh - huh .
A llright , well , it  ' sabitlate , but I have set aside the rest of the night but I didblockouttherestoft heevening
To fulfill our 'truth of husband and wife' forconjugalrelations. Should we take a shower? I mean before, not halfway.
That 's how people slip and break their hips T hat  ' showyoufallandbreakah ip .
I 'm still jet lag Youknow , I  ' malittlejet - laggy .
Let 's talk in the morning. Maybewecanrevisitthisi nthemorning. No if don 't do Oh tonight, nocando.
I f   w e   m i s s   t o n i g h t ,
Just have to wait until 6 on Thursday to do it  ' snotscheduledu T hursday at 6 : 0 0 .
And that scene had to be a 'quick version' of no drama. And that  'llhavetobe 'N ofrills,'
Because we also booked a safflower teppanyaki seat at 6:30  ' causewe  ' vegota 6 : 3 0 reservationat Benihana .
Sheldon do we have to do this on a schedule S heldon , dowereally havetodothi sonaschedule ?
Are you suggesting that we do whatever we want? A reyousuggestingsponta neity ?
I think yes I - I guess , yeah . So because we 're married it 's possible to have sex anytime S o , nowthatwe  ' remarried , sexcanoccuratanytime ?
For example, we are brushing our teeth Like , wecanbebrushingourtee th ,
Suddenly your minty tongue sticks into my mouth andsuddenlyyourminty - freshtongueisinmymout h ?
No, no, thankyou. Really, is it okay to 'fried rice' occasionally? Really ? W oulditbesobadtomixitu palittle ?
Still fried rice, who are you, Betty Miuche [food brand] Mixitup?
W h o   a r e   y o u ,   B e t t y   C r o c k e r ?
Where are you going W hereareyougoing ?
to take a bath U h , totakeashower .
Now that we can roll sheets at any time No owthatsexcanhappenata nytime, I always have to be ready.
We might as well live under a waterfall. Should probably liveunde rawaterfall.
You don 't have to worry about it for tonight 's Well, youdon  ' havetoowryaboutsexh appeningtonight .
Thank you but I 'm still going to have a rush Well , thanks , but I  ' mstillgonnarinseoff .
I touched quite a few things in the gift shop today I touched alotofstuffint hegiftshop .
No message, no note, who would do this No omessage , nonote .
W h o   w o u l d   d o   t h a t ?
What kind of husband would... . .
Whatkindofhusbandwould . . . if you let him talk maybe you 'd know I fyoulethimtalk, maybeyou  'llfindout.
Well Larry Fine.
L a r r y ?

He said the silent is better than the sound Well , thereyougo .
W h a t   m o r e   c a n   h e   s a y ?
Let 's go home Let 's gohome.
I think I 'll stay. I think I 'llstay.
If you stay then I will stay Well , if you  ' regoingtostay , then I  ' llstay .
Well you know who doesn 't have to stay A llright , well , you know whodoesn  ' tneed to stay ? Let 's go U s . C omeon .



Penny, hurry up P enny , comeon .


I don 't think the marriage of these two will last long. I don  ' tthinkthosetwoaregonn amakeit .

Poor Mr. Fowler I feel so sorry for him P oor Mr r.
F o w l e r ,   I   r e a l l y   f e e l   s o r r y   f o r   t h e   l i t t l e   g u y .
I know after they have Amy.
A f t e r   t h e y   h a d   A m y ,
she should have eaten him sheshould  ' vejusteatenhimandbeen donewithit .
Look how much you have learned from the nature showL ookatyouretainingfact sfromanatureshow .
Seriously, what did he like about her? I know , really , whatdidheeverseeinher ?
Others are so kind and she 's a bitch He  ' sso , sosweet , andshe  ' ssuchaballbuster . Some men find strong women sexyS omeguysthinkstrongwom enaresexy .
But they don 't seem to have much in common Yeah, but theyseemtohavenoth ingincommon.
Sometimes the opposite sex attracts Y eah , well , sometimesoppositesatt ract .

Wait, are you saying we are like them Wait , are - areyousayingwearelike them ?
I don 't know a little bit I don  ' tknow , maybealittle .
So you 're considerate and docile and I 'm Amy 's old lady S oyou  ' rethesweet , quietone and I  ' m A my  ' smom ?
Do you mean that I sthatwhatyou  ' resaying ?


Just look at what Neil deGrasse Tyson just tweeted Hey , checkoutwhat Neilde Grasse T ysonjusttweeted .
'I was told' I 'vebeeninformedthatsom erandom,
attention - seekingnobody
Shamelessly attacking me in the local news ' tookacheapshotatmeont helocalnews .
Guys , he  ' stalkingaboutme ! For you 're from a foreign land Youknow , I cutyoualotofslack
I have always treated you favorably ' causeyoucomefromanoth ercountry,
But you didn 't come to America for a day or two, butyou  ' vebeenherealongtime .
Raj you should apologize to Dr. Tyson Raj, youneedtoapologizeto Dr.
T yson . Why is this good for me Why ? T hiscouldbegoodforme .
Everyone loves to watch great tweets. E verybodylovesagood T witterfeud .
Fruit sister Katy Perry and Taylor Swift have exchanged tweets
Neil and I could be a new generation of Neiland I couldbelike
Sister Fruit and Taylor thenew , uh , Katy P erry and Taylor S wift . Raj don 't do this, you didn 't do it like this. C omeon , Raj , you  ' rebetterthanthis .
You need some room in your stomach for dessert Oh , leaveroomfordessert
Cause I  ' mgonna make you eatthose words . 'Dear Dr. Tyson' D ear D r .
Tyson ,
I am muchlike epithelialtis sue ,
Under your skin [makes you sick] ' itappears I  ' vegottenunderyourskin . '
Want to drop the phone to play handsome i Phonedrop ,
But no I didn 't buy the apple warranty but I won  ' t  ' cause I don  ' thave A pple C are . What did he get back What  ' dhesay ?
Theskinisepithelialtis sue . ' The battle begins Oh , it  ' son .
He is the fruit lady and I am Swift He  ' s Katy , I  ' m T - Swift .


What can you do he is a foreigner Whatareyougonnado ? He  ' sfromanothercountry .
Here is where Tesla used to be
Complete the former hotel of the three-phase ac motor perfectedthethree-phasealternatingcurrentmotor.
He was wrong and I have to say something T hat  ' swrong .
I  ' mgonna say something . Don 't say D on  ' t . Don 't say how people know I 'm the smartest kid in the room Well , then howwilleveryonekn ow I  ' mthesmartestboyhere ?
Don 't worry about Justletitgo .
Are you okay? I everythingallright ?
I feel like you are quite irritable this morning Yoseemtestythismorning . I am not irritable I  ' mnottesty . Then I can only trust your words I  ' llhavetotakeyourwordf orit .
Grumpy can 't test T here ' snotestfortesty after all.

Would you be desire dissatisfaction I sitpossiblethat you  ' resexually frustrated ?
Now the old lady is really cranky O kay , now I  ' mtesty .
If you follow my copulation schedule I fyouhadadheredtomycoi talschedule ,
Now your brain is floating in a sea of ​​oxytocin yourbrainwouldbefloat ingonaseaofoxytocinri ghtnow .
Don 't talk to me about my brain I 'm a neurobiologist D on  ' ttalktomeaboutmybrain .
I  ' maneurobiologist . Then you should know what benefits adults give each other 's special hugsT henyoushouldknowthebe nefitsofthespecialhugthatgrown - upsgiveeachother .

Sheldon everybody is listening to S heldon , everybody  ' slistening .
Of course they 're listening to us. Of coursethey  ' relistening ; we  ' reinteresting . Not like that guy U nlikethatguy .
I 'm going I-I 'm walking away from you.


I 'm just married I ' monly recently married .
Should I stay put or catch up and say something useful D o I stayhere ?
D o   I   f o l l o w ?
S a y   s o m e t h i n g   u s e f u l .




Good morning, little sun, Morning , sunshine .
I see you making espresso S o I see you  ' remakingespresso .
Yes Y up. Need extra charge Justneedthatextrajolt
Only then can you be a shrew all day, forasuccessfuldayofba llbusting. Is it true that you can do it really without drinking?
I   d o n ' t ,   I   d o n ' t   t h i n k   y o u   d o .
You compare us to the strangest couple in the world Youknow , youcomparedustothestr angestcoupleweknow , they are better than Amy and Sheldon and weknow A my and S heldon ,
Howard and Bernadette Traj and his neurotic puppy are also wonderful H oward and Bernadette , Rajandhistwitchylittle dog .
Sorry I shouldn 't have said that I - I  ' msorry . I shouldn  ' thavesaidthat . Is it because it 's bad to say that or because it 's not true Becauseitwasn  ' tniceorbecauseitwasn  ' ttrue ?
That 's not true. It 's not true. Mrs. Fowler is a volatile and vengeful woman, Mrs.
F o w l e r   i s   a n   a n g r y ,   v i n d i c t i v e   w o m a n ,
And you are so kind, warm-hearted, gentle and considerate whereasyouarewarmand - andloving,
People who can forgive others quickly are quicktoforgive.
Oh, please. I 'm serious and I 'm not at all like Amy 's dad I - I  ' mserious . A nd I  ' mnothing like A my  ' sdad .
He is a timid little man who dare not defend himself He  ' samousylittlemanwhoca n  ' tstandupforhimself .

What I want to say is that you are not like her so we are not like them Mypointisyou  ' renotlikeher , sowe  ' renotlikethem .
Thirty years from now you will be scary because of me Well , 30 yearsfromnow , areyougonnahidefromme
And hide because I  ' msoscary ? I don 't think you are scary Hey , I - I don  ' tthinkyou  ' rescary .
I flinch when you move suddenly but . . . Yes , I flinch when you makesudd enmoves , but . . .
That says more about my childhood problems than you . . . that says more about mych ildhood than you .

It 's your turn Yourturn .
Wait, I 'll see if Neil has Hangon first, I 'mcheckingtoseeif N eilreplied
Reply to my angry tomylatestsmackdown .
Don 't you think it 's silly to fight each other on Twitter? Really?
D o n ' t   y o u   t h i n k   t h i s   T w i t t e r   f e u d   i s   a   l i t t l e   s i l l y ?
Of course not. A bsolutely not. Here are two highly respected scientists It 's-it 's tworespectedscientis ts debating opposing views in a public forum debating opposing views in a public forum.

You called him Mike Tyson 's sister Youcalledhim Mike Tyson  ' slittlesister .
famous american boxer
Yeah now Mike Tyson is mad at me too Yeah , and now Mike Tyson  ' smadatme , too .
Raj you don 't make people appreciate you by attacking him R aj , you  ' renotgoingtoimpressan yonebyattackinghim .
Bernadette, you sound so old. Oh, Bernadette, you soundsooldrightnow.

He said he needed a breath and he couldn 't stand me. He esaidheneedsabreak , and I  ' mtoomuchforhim .
That must not be the truth Oh .
I ' m   s u r e   h e   d i d n ' t   m e a n   t h a t .
He said that I am super domineering. He esaid I  ' moverbearing ! It 's not that you are just domineering. Oh, please, you  ' rejusttherightamounto fbearing.

I know he loves you Look , I knowhelovesyou .
I fyoujustgivehimsomesp ace, I 'msurehe ' llcomeback, you give him some space and he 'll come home. Do you really think of Youeallythinkso?
Really Yeah, I do.
You are a good girl Penny You  ' reagoodperson , P enny .
Hope we can get along more I hopewegettospendlotso ftimetogether .
I am also Me , too .

- What 's the matter - Let 's hit the road - Yes ? - H ittheroad .
- But . . . - Get out now - But . . . - No ow !
Can I go get my luggage Can I getmystuff ?
Hurry up to B equickaboutit!




- hello- hello- hello .
-   H e l l o .
I brought you two hotdogs .
Don 't you eat one A-A ren  ' tyougonnaeatone?
Bought this from a roadside stand are you crazy From F romastreetcart ? A reyoucrazy ?
I dare to hold it with my hands enough to make me admire myself I 'mamazedthat I 'mholdingthem. I 'm not very hungry I 'mnotreallyhungry.

You know I 'm a person who doesn 't really like physical contact. Yourealizethat I  'mnotaparticularlyphys icalperson
- I know- when I was little- I know . - W hen I waslittle ,
When people asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up and people asked me what I wanted tobe when I grew up, I always answered 'A brain in a jar' I ' dalwayssay, 'A braininajar.'

Ok Sure . But I want to be a good husbandY eah , but I wanttobeagoodhusbandt oyou ,
And intimacy is one part andintimacyisapartoft hat .
Please put the hot dog down first P leaseputthosedown.
I 'm just worried that if I don 't schedule I 'mjustworriedthat if I don 'tschedule I may not think about ourbedroomendeavors at all, then I maynotthinkaboutthem,
you 'll become cold and distant andyou 'llgrowcoldanddistant
W herewould I find solace in the arms of a muscular docker and seek solace in the arm sofaheavily - muscledlongshoreman . W herewould I find a longtheshore ?
I t ' s   i n   t h e   n a m e .
Sheldon S heldon , I couldn 't everbewithanybo dybutyou .
Then I 'll be at ease T hat  ' sgoodtoknow .
I don 't wanna be with a I wouldn 't twanttofightaman
who  ' sbraveenoughtotouchaf ish .
How  'sthisforacompromise, shall we take a step back from each other?
Make your own schedule don 't tell me M akealltheschedules you want , justdon  ' ttellmeaboutthem .
Awesome Excelent. I will write my own one that can automatically generate I 'llcreateanalgorithmth at 'llgenerate
Pseudo-random schedule algorithm you know apseudo - randomschedule . Y eah , anddoyouknowwhy why not really random schedule itwon  ' tbeatruerandomschedul e ?
B ecausethegenerationof truerandomnumbers
Still unsolved problems in computer science remainsanunsolvedprob lemincomputerscience . Follow me C omewithme . - Where are we going - Hotel room - W herearewegoing ?
-T othehotelroom. When we get there I want you to say it again A ndwhenwegetthere, I 'mgonnaneedyou but you gotta strip tosaythatagain, exceptnaked.




Dr. Goofor D r .
K .
Are you Rajesh Kusapali I sthis Rajesh K oothrappali ?
I am who you are Yes .
W h o   i s   t h i s ?
Neil deGrasse Tyson Neilde Grasse Tyson .
U h , w - wow . It 's fun to do this on twitter. How funisthis T witterthing , huh ?


Do you think you are funny You thinkyou  ' refunny ?
I 'm not as funny as Seinfeld I 'm - I 'mnot S einfeldfunny,
Folk talk show in a bar anyone can come on stage
But I did an open mic talk show once but I didanopenmicnightonce .
You laugh to death You  ' renotfunny .
Y eah , that  ' swhattheysaidatthe C huckle Hut .
Is this good Howaboutthis :
I 'm hosting a book signing at Vroman 's Bar in Pasadena next week I 'vegotabooksigningat V roman ' sin P asadenanextweek.
How about you come to my face and say what you said on the internet W hydon  ' tyoucomebyandsaysomeo fthosethingstomyface .
no no no Oh , no ,
But thanks for inviting butthanksfortheinvite .
count you smart next time you pick up the phone Smartmove , and thenexttimeyoupick upyourphone ,
Remember Lao Tzu is the one who kicked Pluto out of the solar system remember , I  ' mtheguywhokicked P lutooutofthesolarsyst em .
Yes Pluto Deserving Mr. Thank You A nditdeservedit , sir . T hankyou . B ye - bye .
Interesting Well, thatwasfun. See who needs a De Grasse 'fix' L et  ' sseewhoelseneedsade Grassekickin  '.



I 'm Bill Nyhe Science Guy from Bill Teach Science. American science educator comedian Bill Teach Science is his well-known science show Bill I 'm Neil Tyson Hey, Bill .
Neil Tyson . Let 's talk a couple of words about Wegottatalk .





