A little out of breath?
no i 'm fine
If only the gym teacher had told me to exercise for this
I worked harder then
'Do it or let it go without trying to say'
Is this a line from 'Star Wars'?
I 'm sure I 'm referencing 'The Empire Strikes Back' ('Star Wars' Part 5)
my goodness
The beautiful woman lying next to me actually quotes Master Yoda
i love you penny

thanks
You 're welcome
I just wanted to say this
oh yeah i . . . i 'm happy
be happy

no no . . .
It 's a little late now
We should probably sleep
yes probably
- good night dear- good night
Season 3 Episode 19
Hey Leonard, what do you think of giant ants?
S heldon says it can 't exist
Howard told me that not only could it exist but could be used as a means of transport more than the Batmobile
You are ignoring the law of the cube
Giant ants can be crushed under the weight of their own exoskeleton
I 'll also state that the most aptly ranked drag transport vehicle is the Jet Booster, Hoverboard, Teleporter, Batmobile, and then the Giant Ant.
Are you kidding ?
You have nothing else to do? Just sitting here discussing the existence of giant ants?
what happened to him ?
Maybe he 's in his monthly sensitive period
You mean his 'great uncle' is here?
not literally
But as early as the 17th century, scientists observed a 33-day cycle in male hormone levels.
interesting
That might explain the days of the month when I can 't help but cry
you know what i 'm talking about
Well, let 's not talk about giant ants.
How about a giant rabbit?
big or small i hate rabbits
They always seem to stop talking, but in the end they don 't say anything
Rabbits do have respiratory systems that can support their huge size
Also note that they are one of the rare mammals with a scrotum in front of the dick
It 's probably this
What do you think about the giant rabbit and the location of its scrotum?
Seriously what 's up with me
Really? Every time we talk about the unusual genitals of animals you 're always fighting for your bizarre point of view.
I don 't care what you want me to say (literally: rat ass)
Are you talking about the ass of a giant mouse?
Explain that giant mice may exist
Can we say something else?
For example, it has something to do with the creatures on this planet as we know it?
Okay, what about this topic? How did Leonard become a giant idiot?
Suppose the giant silly hat exists
Of course there is. Leonard is one
Maybe he had a little lover spat with Penny
no quarrel
Oh, but something happened
i don 't wanna say this
I guess you 're about to say it, and I don 't want to hear it at all.
Feel sorry
What did you do Romeo ?
You pour maple syrup all over your body and ask her if she 'd be interested in eating it? ( shortstack : a type of pancake often eaten with maple syrup )
Do you think it would be fun to jump around in her shorts but just scare her away when you say it?
what? not
just ask bro
I have come across
Do you still want to come and play bowling tonight?
Oh yes
I actually have some little jokes for the evening event
You bowl like your mother
Unless of course she bowls well
You don 't play like her at all.
Ouch
That 's called taking you off guard
Did you shave her off?
- No- Then you started shedding?
Did you accidentally slap your ass and cry 'Mommy' when you weren 't having sex?
I 'm staying away from you
He didn 't say no, I think we 're pretty close.
Did you take cold pills and fall asleep during sex?
That will kill you!
Oh, it 's cool to hang up like this
Good Penny, just remind you to bowl tonight at 7 o 'clock
oh good bowling
Don 't come if you don 't want to
no no no
Admit it, you 'd be a complete failure without me.
it 's possible
It 's still to our advantage that you lack femininity in this particular situation
Chatting with you is always so pleasant S heldon
Irony? Barely veiled contempt
Remember it 's 7 o 'clock
- Got it - Pacific Daylight Time
Talk more!
Such masculinity is reserved for the fairway!
I thought you 'd bring your own bowling shoes
That 's it
Then what kind of poison can be eliminated?
I know where my feet have been
Hi Penny
hello guys
'Bai Gong' B ob couldn 't come, so I found someone to replace him
I 'm sure some of you know W il W heaton
Hi Sheldon how are you doing ?
look look look look
Isn 't this W il W heaton? Spiderman 's nemesis Green Goblin Galileo 's nemesis Paul V Pope Firefox 's nemesis IE
You won 't take revenge on you because I won at poker, will you?
I 'm proud to be the founder of a series of 'W il W heaton hates' sites
This shows what ?
It means that I live here without paying rent
Are you ready to play? It 's ready
I don 't know if S tuart told you who your opponent is tonight but standing in front of you is
One of the captains of the East Texas Fanatical Christian Youth Bowling Championship team
Seven to twelve year olds
And Penny played well
Great
So let 's get started
Oh stupid W il W heaton just don 't give up

an ordinary supplement
At best, 'Miss Most Popular' in a bowling beauty pageant
Touting your little achievements and knowledge before you 're on twitter
man and ball
I mean the ball
ball hole is my hole

You are on twitter, twitter little sparrow
hi i just wanted to tell you i am your big admirer
oh thanks for the question about star trek you might get tired of hearing it but you have an affair with Whoopi Goldberg ?
(Black actress starred in 'Star Trek: Next Generation' bartender)
beer
The magic potion that will make this poor shy Indian boy the center of the party
Yes
Spicy cheese fries ?
Great, I love spicy cheese fries
Really? Love?
- yeah what 's wrong? - nothing
I am very happy to hear you say that you love something
Do you really want to discuss this now?
Discuss what?
How can you not love spicy cheese fries?
They 've been in your life for a long time
they make you happy they should know you love them
I heard you caught me off guard last night
i don 't know what to say
So what do you want to say?
I 'm not sure what to say, how can you be so sure?
This is not the place to discuss this topic
Yeah should be talking about me in bed last night saying 'I love you' and then you 're like 'thank you good night'

don 't push me, leonard
I didn 't force you
You have you can 't decide when I say 'I love you'!
Ah, it was too early to say 'I love you'
I guessed 'too early' so what?
Penny Penny Penny
how ?
this is for you
ice cream ?
I 'm already familiar with women 's emotional swings from studying the comics, Cathy
When she 's upset, she 'll say 'aah'! And eat ice cream
Ah ka!
If you were a cat, I 'd bring you pasta
Leonard called you here?
It wasn 't that we didn 't talk after you ran away suddenly last night because you ran away and we lost to S tuart and his scumbag partner W il W heaton
sorry
I 'm a little embarrassed to say it, but I fell asleep crying.
Sorry
And I didn 't sleep well because Leonard sang with Alanis Morrisette next door (Canadian female singer)
- No way - uh
Apparently the woman was in dire need of ice cream too
Okay S heldon which words did you say to comfort me?
This sentence: I have made an appointment with S tuart to fight again tonight
oh dear i don 't know
Leonard is weird now
Want me to kick him out of the team? I am the captain.
no, no, it 's alright
I 'll go talk to him first and then give you an answer
So when are you going to talk to him?
I do not know
He 's in the laundry room now, which is a good opportunity.
If I don 't go, you won 't let me go, right?
Oh we know it
let 's talk
what... nothing
Don 't talk, there 's nothing to talk about
it 's okay
Really? Then you didn 't get mad at me because I said spicy fries are delicious?
Okay, I 'm overreacting
I 'm at a different stage of your relationship with you, so what?
Maybe I 'm a few steps ahead of you.
It 's normal because I started this relationship two years before you.
listen leonard you mean a lot to me
It 's just that I used to say 'love' too early and it didn 't end well
Really ?
I don 't know what that would be like
Sorry
But you know what I mean
Well of course
So are we all right?
That 's what it means to me, we 're fine, we 're fine
Okay!
Time to play!
That 's right, I 'm eavesdropping, and that 's make or break.
Listen to all the players, I made a suit for our rematch at my own discretion.
' Wesley fans ' ( Crusher also means crush )
Not not a Wesley fan is a Wesley smasher
I don 't understand
Wesley Crusher is Will W heaton 's character in 'Star Trek'
still don 't understand
It 's a cool word game.
Putting an 'S' after his character 's name means we 're Wesley smashers
Sorry dear Wesley fans sounds like a bunch of people who like Wesley Crusher no!
again not a Wesley fan is a Wesley smasher
No if you want to say you 're going to smash Wesley then it should be Wesley smasher (emphasis first)
Are you guys out of your mind? Not a Wesley fan
not a Wesley smasher
but Wesley smasher (with emphasis after 'smash')
Hey look they named their team after me
no no . . .
never mind
We all know the stakes, right? Oh sure
Winners can designate a way to publicly humiliate losers
Let me tell you I 'm going to ask you to publish a scientific paper on the pseudoscientific Velikos hypothesis (a chronology-altering hypothesis)
Ouch again
Hey S heldon I want to tell you
I 'm looking forward to knocking you out
Really ?
I 'll ask you a question before I answer
Is your mother good at bowling?
You first
No you first we wait to worship (smash) you We esley
Usually the player on the right side of the fairway takes the first shot.
All right
Routines are not rules
hate you
That 's right S heldon
Embrace the Darkness ('Star Wars' classic line)
That 's not the lines in your play!
I want to tell you that even though we are rivals, I have no ill will towards you
Thank you S tuart I am very relieved
People on opposite sides usually have a good relationship
right romeo and juliet
Tony and Maria from 'West Side Story' Anonymous Man and Big Blue Girl from 'Avatar'
it 's my turn to pitch
Human-ball One H oward
don 't bother me S heldon
Who told you not to be one with the ball?
hey thanks
It 's fun, right?
It 's not bad that we can come out and exercise.
relax your mind
As soon as your brain is tired, you start thinking blindly, nervous, troubled, worried
let 's not do that tonight
Throwing the ball and hitting the bottle tonight
yeah that 's right
Maybe one day you will fall in love with me
oh it 's me
Thank you Xiaodun! Thank you Xiaodun! Thank you Xiaodun!
Excuse me
I don 't know who you cheer for? I 'm the ball now
Thank you Xiaoqiu! Thank you Xiaoqiu! Thank you Xiaoqiu!



thanks God !
My mom always says that
You and your boyfriend are reconciled, I 'm very happy
oh yeah me too
You 're not ready for the other person. The word 'love' has already been said. It 's always difficult to choose.
Needless to say
I dated a girl and I said I love her but she said she wasn 't sure
Just hang me like this for almost two years
so cruel
- oh sorry - thanks
I wish she 'd mentioned the breakup at the time to free me from the pain
Really ?
Yeah, that 's a little more merciful
Will it 's your turn
oh it 's me
Did you let Wil W heaton fool you?
what do you say ?
He 's just a loser playing the game and doing everything he can to lose.
Did he tell you that his grandmother died?
- No- don 't believe what he said.
It 's not time for him to play the 'Dead Granny' card
Great !
Enjoy this moment of compliment W il W heaton like you were in 'Star Trek: The Next Generation'
Your conceit won 't last long
P enny it 's your turn
Just remember that his grandma is still alive and the ball is one
understood
- we really need an all-out.- know
Don 't be nervous and concentrate
Leonard don 't stress me anymore
- I don 't - you do! Don 't do that!
ok sorry i shut up
I didn 't say 'shut up'
All right
Just tell me what to do and I 'll do it
No . . . it 's not fair to you. Sorry wait! Where are you going?

Penny is back!
I 'll buy you ice cream!
Forget it, let her go
Are you crazy ?
She 's gone and we 're done
It must be over
S heldon
You did it right?
Do you think I 'll break up a couple just to win a game?
should not be
good to keep this idea
W h e a t o n !
What to say to me 'matching' online girls are more slutty than 'E Harmony' online
Okay, I 'll call you again
I won a bet I should take my bet
I don 't know what you think, but I feel like I 'm full of power
