0 0 : 0 0 : 0 0 , 3 0 0 - -&gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 0 2 , 3 0 0 (in the previous 'The Loveless Wife' . . . ) Anyone ?
It seems like our caregiver has gone awry at the nurses.
Do you want to buy us ?
(sometimes if you are careless)
That place is called Camp Hennessey
I wouldn 't go to a ghost camp where juvenile delinquents stay
You have no other choice (previous fault)
We scooped this up from Rockwater lake
I probably sold hundreds of these cases
But every time I sell one, I will write down the name of the buyer (and will come back to harass you)
i won 't tell anyone
I 'll keep it a secret for you, Dad
(There are many things that Gabrielle Solis knows very well)
(Red is her favorite color)
(Diamonds are her favorite)
( all men are the same )
(But there is one thing Gabrielle knows best)
(she never wants children)
( but unfortunately for her )
(Her husband, Carlos, is eager to see him)
I 'm so lucky to be with you, eh?
why do you say that
because

I don 't want children, neither do you, this

Most men can 't accept this but you 're still by my side

Thank you very much
I know you made a huge sacrifice
But I still hope one day you 'll change your mind once you have kids
I think you will love him very much
Honey, you don 't know that I won 't have children
No, sometimes I know

It 's a really big sacrifice
But it 's worth doing it for you (that 's it)
( Gabrielle Solis knows herself well )
(Don 't want to be a mother)
(But what she doesn 't know is) (How much his husband wants to be a dad)
(She also doesn 't know that he has been using contraceptives for a month)
(In this case, it only takes a week) (She will be pregnant)
- = Eden Forum http: / / www . ydy . com = - Honorary production This subtitle is only for learning and exchange, and is strictly prohibited for commercial use
- = COSL - YTET group studio = - translation: sea son everjoker fan proofreading: hepburnlss time: wangyq 0 6 8 0
(Wisterialine Saturdays belong to the children)
(although most kids do sports on this day) oh-- oh (riding a bike)
( skipping rope )
(And some are not intended for children 's play)
(Indeed) (Some children mature very quickly under the tutelage of their parents)
sorry to bother you on the weekend
We just want to ask you a few questions
What 's the problem? 1 2 years ago
Your late wife bought a toy box
toy box ?

Yes, it 's about that big, and there are some teddy bears in it.
God, I 'm so sorry
The artisan who made the box kept the names of all the customers who bought his box
We found out that you bought one from him in August 1992
Yeah, we want to know where the box is now? Oh, I
I really hope I can help you
But I can 't really remember any toy boxes I remember.

Are there some teddy bears or balloons in there? Yes, boy

We threw it away when I was little
I stood on top of the box and it broke, remember, Dad?
Can not remember

I think that 's about it
Sorry to bother you, thank you
Hey, what 's wrong with the toy box, is there something wrong?
There is a box like yours found in TORCH lake
After opening it, there was a woman lying inside
a woman? mutilated

It seems that we need to talk
you lied to me
You said there was a man lying inside
no i didn 't lie
However, the police said it was the body of a woman
Of course you lied
I 'm telling you that there was a detective who was going to take you away from us.
I never said he was a man - didn 't you? - no


uh, i . . . i thought no
no please don 't
I . . . I know you 're lying to me, right?
I . . . I know you 're lying
Say it one last time
- Here 's someone, she 's trying to take you away from us- Yes, it 's a woman
a woman came
yes, she wants to steal you
I want to steal you from this one and only home
we mustn 't let it happen we did

This is the truth
We can 't say no now. It 's only two days away.
R ex , I won 't go
nothing more to say
At Camp Hennessey, counseling is an important treatment, you know it
The booklet didn 't say that we wanted us to attend.
What would Andrew think if you didn 't show up?
oh, i made him these treats
I mean, he 'll understand that I 'm thinking of him
Why the lemonade?
They said don 't bring them sweets
uh, i don 't understand why
I guess they think mom 's baked goods will take away the point of boot camp
OK
Don 't send it, don 't send it, but I think that 's a stupid rule
Are you going or not?
- no- why?

Because as soon as I get there A ndrew will blame me for leaving him there
I don 't want to hear this
You don 't have to feel guilty, you know
To him, you can say you did your best
I have no guilt

Please, C hristie, I really can 't find a babysitter
Too late
- Parker, come down- no
'Cause I have to go out for a few drinks with my ex-colleague and we haven 't been in touch for a long time if I don 't show up
Yeah, I . . . I really can 't do anything about these boys
No, I can 't call Patty B inks over because she steals things
Christie, damn
you are 13 years old
I 've been to the mall in front of me many times to buy things.
ok, ok, sorry
I 'm sorry I yelled at you now I 'm calm
Looks like it 's about money
So how much do you think it should pay? $100?
oh, that 's blackmail
Want me to do this, there are no doors. . . hello?
Hey ?

Parker , I swear if you dare knock it over I 'll slap your ass

Hi, Mrs. Binks, is PATTY here?
thanks
hi darling i 'm back hey baby
This is Mr. Steinberg
Lawyer hired by the hospital
Oh, have we met?
Yes, Mrs Solis
We met you don 't remember?

look after mum 's death
Hospital nurses negligent, they agree to pay a 7-figure settling check
And you never told me oh, that

Um . . Mr. Steinberg . . .

i 'm leaving
What are you thinking? !
- Wait a minute, let me explain . . .
- No, why didn 't you tell me!
Because I 'm afraid you can 't make the right decision
The right decision was to spend the money on my attorney fees!
We can fight the charges so I don 't have to plead guilty!
If you didn 't plead guilty, the government would have seized the money.
Oh, we could have argued in court
Yeah, then you 'll give all that money to those lawyers
what is the relationship? !
Given a chance, I can avoid going to jail
You let those Laotian illegal laborers work for you and only pay them 2 cents an hour
Don 't you think you should be locked up for a while? Eight months

Thanks to you, I 'm going to be imprisoned for eight months
When you come out we can start over with that money and it 's all thanks to me

You know, once you calm down you 'll find I 'm doing the right thing if that 's the case
i hope you can apologize
Grandma is here
Now, everything is 'OK'
stay here don 't go
so sorry
hi mom
oh hi, Susie
Well, I 'm a fool
What 's up ?
oh you know me
no depth perception of anything
I 'm surprised they gave me a driver 's license
So you 're Susan 's mom
Yes
I am Sophie Bremer
you are . . . Mike Delfino
Oh
Are you Mike?
Oh my God !
Susan and I talked too much about you
Stop being stupid and give me a hug
Oh !
Mom, um. . . Mike and I have separated
Oh, sorry
I . . . I guess I made it all embarrassing, eh?
yes you do . . . indeed
- let 's call the insurance company - ok um . . .
Still nice to meet you, Mike Well, me too

I never thought you were Susan 's mother
I know
I look too young
- I was a teenage girl when I got pregnant with her. - Okay.
That was the first time I was drunk . . . and the only time
- do you believe it? - let 's go
Her dad is a marine
He later gave me three of his medals
- Mom- Hahaha! What 's wrong?
Let 's hurry in and call the insurance company
oh, OK
what are you laughing at ?
I used to wonder how you got to be like this
Just now finally got the answer
Hi! Hahahahaha
Hi
Hi
What 's up ?
Oh, um. . . my babysitter can 't come

Oh Lynette , I . . . I 've been very busy today
My . . my house is a mess and I have a bunch of things to rush to do, so . . .
Help me
it 's important
Today I finally got a chance to be a human for a few hours
Those guys are real adults and they got me a margarita
Look, I 'm still wearing a dress
I also put on makeup
- If there was any other way . . . - Oh, for God 's sake, Bree I 'm wearing pantyhose
bring them in
Thank you, thank you Okay, come in

- The police showed me pictures of the suspects - no?
Yes
Mike has been convicted of drug trafficking and manslaughter
can 't believe it
uh, it 's true
He 's so polite, you know?
- I know - Susie . . .
I don 't want you to worry too much about this Mike
The real god will appear
just need a little time
If it wasn 't for you and Morty I think I would have given up on Morty altogether?

yes you know
This is the third time for the two of you. You are really tempted.
Ha, this gives me hope what 's wrong?

It 's okay, it 's okay Well, I 'm just . . .
I 'm, um, just tired
You 're not tired. You took a nap after a while, what 's the matter?


I left Morty
what ?
why ?
because he pushed me
Morty ? He won 't
Do you think I 'm lying to you?
- Well - why did he push you?
Because I confronted him face to face about how much time he wasted in that damn pancake shop . . .
if he really went there
Oh, you 're not serious, are you, that MORTY?
Do you think a man of his age would not have desires?
You should go see what kind of waitress he has hired
every year for younger
Maybe you think so just because you 're getting older every year
You are so outrageous
I am sorry
- I 'm not that old - I said sorry
People thought we were sisters
Because that 's what you told them
just once
haha, you should have forgotten about it
ok, listen
I just wanted to say that MORTY won 't have an affair
But he did push me
You should at least support me
you 're right
He also threw books at me
- oh, don 't - hey . . . uh I mean . . .
he shouldn 't have done that
Ha, thanks
PORTER , baby, those cookies are hot
Wait a few more minutes and I 'll give you one when they 're not hot, okay?
hmmm . . . you know? it looks prettier if the color is painted inside the line
Uh . . . art is very subjective
PORTER, how did I tell you?
But I 'm hungry
In that case, I 'll get you - a bowl of fragrant peaches and cottage cheese - yuck . . . want to vomit

Don 't be so cheesy, young man
Come
If you touch those cookies again
I 'm going to spank you
- You can 't hit ours - can you?

Mom always said she could beat but she never
I 'm not your mother, if you 're bad at my house, you 'll get spanked
so be obedient
How is my little girl?
How are you ?
that was an accident
PORTER , you warned you
I 'm sorry, I 'll be fine
Those cookies are made with care
This time you 've got bad luck

no no !
what !

what is that ?
post-marriage agreement
- is a legal document . . .
- Stop talking, I know what a post-marriage agreement is
What is it doing on my coffee table?
I can forgive you for playing tricks on the settling fee if I can get a guarantee that you 'll actually be by my side when I get out of prison hum

The word post-marriage changes the original meaning of pre-marriage, so . . .
So when I 'm away, if you want a divorce you get nothing
you do not believe me ?
I 'm afraid not
That 's a shame because I 'm not going to sign that paper
You are a very beautiful woman, GABRIELLE but . . . you are not that smart
listen, if you don 't sign
I 'll mess with the settlement agreement and divorce you and you 'll only get 50% of our existing savings
In other words, basically nothing
So what do you think now? CARLOS . . .
Sign it and throw it back into your arms?
Baby, that doesn 't mean I don 't love you
You know I think you 're a perfect woman
oh but i 'm not
I have shortcomings
- Disadvantages? - Hmmmm. . .
I can even give an example
Remember when you were in prison? Did you tell me about your secret box?
You want me to burn what I find in there
Beautiful and thus stupid I forgot to burn
Didn 't you burn those files?
What 's worse is
i read them
- well. . .
- You still trust me here? How are you, have a secret bank account in the Cayman Islands
- That 's just a way out for us - oh yeah
Have you told anyone about this?
no, but i can
Hey, is that why the prosecutor can 't prosecute you?
They don 't see the extra money you make
So if I were you, CARLOS
I will never mention 'divorce' again
The words 'trust' or 'post-marriage'
you don 't want to piss me off
i understand dear
It 's sad to lose
bet fast
look at me
It 's finally time for your legendary poker party
SUSAN always mentions to me how much fun you guys have
The rules are simple . . . we play cash
The dealer decides what to play - boring gossip welcome - haha

BREE , thanks again for taking care of my baby
Wouldn 't it be too much of a burden?
oh no we had a great time
Although I think PORTER may not have had enough fun
ok, i bet
SOPHIE , SUSAN said you two will go to the beauty salon tomorrow
go for a day ?
What do you mean PORTER wasn 't having a good time?
i raise
he 's bad so i have to punish him
oh great
- SUSAN took me on a full day beauty tour . . .
- What do you mean by punishment . . . specifically?
oh i had to spank him
Okay, I 'm going to raise too
you spank my son ?
LASPRECISSPA , ha
That 's right, that 's where we 're going
LYNETTE, any questions?
Tom and I don 't spank children
I thought you knew
sorry i . . . i don 't know

won 't happen again
I 'm amazed that you don 't hit children
I mean, as everyone knows, kids sometimes... not very good
wow i 'm so tired today
Shall we make another pot of tea?
Yeah, I 'm going to punch me . . . I 'm not following

You are right, BREE
I still have a lot to learn about homeschooling
I am so fortunate to have learned from a virtuous mother like you
I mean, your kid grew up so perfectly
as long as it doesn 't count ANDREW
Where the hell did he go? Huh?

Wouldn 't it be a naval training camp for juvenile delinquents?
all right ladies
I never said I was perfect
Oh honey, no one wants to blame you I 'm just blaming her
L Y N E T T E

I 'm sorry, I 'm sorry. . .
LYNETTE, will you go after her?
she spanked my son
i won 't apologize
Playing poker is much more fun than it is now
Help me, if you 're not on my side in this matter
i will lose
Yes, Bree shouldn 't spank PORTER but she didn 't hurt him
that 's not the point
She shouldn 't spank someone else 's child
he 's naughty
she has to do something
But . . . but she did go a little too far
Of course, she is going too far. She tries other methods, such as 'pause and rest'
Or she could threaten to hit him
Yeah, because this method is very useful to us
really useful
useful most of the time
useful in the past
Little kids learn that we 're just frightening them and then they think of a solution

My mom used to beat me and my sister hard
I won 't be like this I won 't be like my mother

OK
But boys grow up and get smarter
And in the end . . . trust me in the end they will know they outnumber us and then . . .
we are miserable

sorry, ZACHARY
Can you help me with these bags?
I 'll get you some banana bread if you help
uh, ok, of course

This tastes so good, Mrs. TILLMAN
Thank you so much
You 're welcome, ZACHARY
You know, I 've never actually been to Mrs. Huber 's house
Obviously, you didn 't miss anything good
Here 's the kind of place where good taste disappears
uh . . . i heard you and your father arguing the other day
How are you at home?
Yes, it 's just a little buggy sometimes
I guess you must be thinking about the situation at your mother 's house . . .
Must be very different, if she was still alive
What a warm and kind woman she is
You . . know my mother ?
Yes, many years ago in Utah
we work together i don 't know
it 's true

In fact . . . I want to tell you a secret

I saw you once when you were very young
- Really? - Uh

Your mother loves you very much, ZACHARY
Of all the things I remember about her, I remember it best
Do you know what I remember?
how cute your old name was
Is it DANA?
How good is it now
Oh, just the two of us girls doing beauty together
oh thank you
my honor
I think you should give Morty a call
Begin to slowly restore the relationship
Why should I get back with my abusive man?
Oh, don 't be surprised
My mother likes to exaggerate
She won 't be reconciled if I don 't get beat up
Okay, uh, let 's not get off topic, shall we?
What I want to know is have you seriously thought about what would happen if you really didn 't go back to Morty?
Ha, what do you mean?
uh, you don 't have a place to live, you don 't like work, I mean, you don 't want to marry MORTY
So he doesn 't have to pay you alimony
So . . . if you don 't want to go back to this guy
The man who hit you only once in five years
Do you have any other options?
I thought I could live with you
- What?! - Ahhh!!!! - Oh! Oh! Oh! - Are you all right?
- You kicked me! - Oh, I 'm so sorry
I was just startled come, come, turn my head up
I don 't mean to live forever
Only lived for a few years
- you broke my nose - no, no
just bumped
- Until I can afford to support myself - shall we talk about this later?
Should we call the police?
No, it 's just a nosebleed, she 's fine

I thought you 'd be excited to hear that
i 'm not unhappy
I 'm not stupid, SUSAN
Obviously you don 't want me here
no, it 's not like that
mom, don 't go, mom
come back uh, i want to . . .
It 's okay between us, isn 't it?
- go quickly - ok
why haven 't you changed your clothes
I want to wear ANDREW 's favorite color but I 'm aware of it . . .
I don 't know what color it is
Oh dear, I think he 's glad you decided to see him
you like blue
DANIELLE LOVES PINK
And I have absolutely no idea what color my own son likes
I 'm telling you, it doesn 't matter
How can you say it 's okay?
- of course it matters - BREE . . .
This will prove that I am a good mother . . .
Mothers should know everything about their child so they know what to do when something happens to him
I don 't know him well enough
you are a good mother
Is it brown, or green? I just don 't know
I 'm waiting for you in the car
take your time, don 't worry
is green
I wear green to go everyone likes green

I told you
I won 't sign this
oh i think you will
because if you don 't sign
i will divorce you then i will go to the police

What to say to them?
Do I have a secret bank account in the Cayman Islands that no longer exists?
You took the money? Of course I took the money

that 's too dangerous
I mean, those federal agents are watching you
i have to do something
I can 't let you play me like a monkey
what !
Oh, stop, Carlos, stop!
- Put me down! - Okay
put me down!

Release me! Ah!
Stop! You hurt me!
C a r l o s !
Sign it!

I know it hurts to lose baby

Mr and Mrs V an D e K amp ?
Well, yes, well, is it our turn?
hmm, almost
A nderw is waiting inside - but . . .
- What 's up ?
He said he wouldn 't come out if his mother was here
He just wants to talk to his dad
We drove 200 miles to get here today
this is unacceptable
I . . . I can understand your frustration well, whatever
- we go home - no
I can 't stand him treating you like this
He blames me for letting him come here
He thinks everything is my fault
maybe he 's right
We are both responsible for all mistakes
One of us should talk to him and see how he 's doing. I 'm fine.
Are you sure ?
Yes, good

here
Mommy mommy !
Here I am, what happened?
What are you little guys doing if you don 't brush your teeth?
Parker, what 's wrong?
Porter pushed me and it fell
He pushed me first
Can I wash it off? No, no
I 'll rush in later, okay?
I 'll let you go tonight
But you two don 't think about it, just brush your teeth
P reston, did you hear me? I said brush my teeth

What are you doing ?
If you dare to do so . . .
Throw it! Throw it! Throw it!

P reston , don 't listen to them
Get off the toilet and no one will be beaten
- Throw it! Throw it! Throw it! - I mean it this time
I will really hit you and throw it! Throw it! Throw it!
If you dare to do it this time, don 't blame me
(Hearing his own hollow voice)
( Lynette realizes that something should be done )
- Ha ha ha - Throw it! Throw it! Throw it! I 'll go to Mr and Mrs Van D e K amp 's house we all know if she gets mad
now . . . go brush the toothbrush
hurry up
It 's a pity that you sent your child here again
What happened this time?
Well, I caught TODD rummaging through my wallet a few months ago
oh i hate that they do that
Is he looking for money or drugs?
Oh, who knows?
Anyway, I 've got some problems back and it 's starting to heat up and we start yelling and yelling and throwing things all over the apartment
Then I found out that a lady who lived upstairs called the police
oh no
So I now let the social worker tell me how to educate my children
Baby . . . if I knew it would be like this - I had my fallopian tubes removed 20 years ago - hahahaha
Well, Bree . . . don 't stand up
I 'll be fine soon
A ndrew , what good parents can do
It 's about trying to give their children the tools they need to live successfully . . .
Education, caring for a safe, tidy and beautiful home
I did it all and I still feel guilty
If you want to ruin your career and blame your parents for all the terrible things
So whatever you want I just want to make it clear that I 'm a good mom
Did you hear it clearly?
i am a good mother
Bree . . . A ndrew just told me
Does he think he might be gay?

That 's why he wants me to come in first
He thinks it might be easier for me to accept it
he is right
I 'll wait for you in the car
Mrs Solis
what are you doing here ?
All right
Is your roommate there? Are you okay without?

Yes

what is this ?
That, um... .
When Carlos asked me to sign the document
- a bit rude - did he hurt you ?

John, what are you doing?
I 'll fix this
no you don 't do anything
We can 't just let him go
Look, if you really want revenge
just kiss me
How is that useful?
Because, until one day
I 'll let him know how he pushed me into your arms
It 's gonna kill him
Just don 't call me beauty tonight whatever you wanna do
Oh Morty, look who 's here
- Hi, Millie - Hi, Morty
Susie, what... what brought you here?
Mom . . . I brought her

She . . what is she doing outside?
She said if you don 't go out and apologize, she won 't come in
Apologize for . . why ?
because you pushed her
I pushed her just because if I didn 't push her she would keep hitting me . . .
Why did she hit you?
I threw a book on her . . .
- Morty - Just a . . . paperback paperback
Well, even so
At least I didn 't hit
I mean, she . . . she beat me to death. Would you like to see the bruise?
no more, no more

Really hurts
yes i . . . i can understand
Well . . . can you, uh
Just go out and apologize?
- No reason ?
- Because I don 't want her back - Morty
look i love her
But the bakery 's business is picking up.
We are discussing opening another one
I mean, that 's...that 's a real chain
I . . . I don 't have time to fool around with her
yes i sympathize with you really
- But you have to take her back - why?
- Because she 's moving in with me - oh
Morty , I . . . I want to be in a relationship my age, and have a daughter . . .
I mean, if she moves in with me it will only take a year or two and I 'm done
Yes . . a plumber? Your mother seems to have talked about you falling in love with a plumber before
yes . . . i mean, i used to love
just blown right . . . sorry

If she moves in, my personal space is gone and I need my own
can you give her another chance
You two are a good match, you know?
Even if . . . even if . . . even if a little violent
There is still a feeling between us
Of course
You know . . . you know, sex is really . . . wow
Once we came home and walked interstate . .
you don 't have to tell me the details
go out and tell her
go now

You seem to be taking a long breath of relief.
I just can 't help but think about the future, Millie
What 's next?
The day my mom had to move in I had no choice
- Um- I know that 's years away
she 's still healthy, thank god
But time flies
Maybe one day she can no longer take care of herself
I have to come forward I think so
I think it 's like a little joke of nature. Children end up taking care of their parents as parents take care of their children.
Well, if that day comes, I 'll be ready
Honey, you better go out and stop! Ah!
what are you doing ?
what are you doing ?
hey look . . .
- I just wanted to say sorry- Lynette, don 't
You mean a lot to me when you cross the road
If you want to apologize, it should be me, thank you

Looks like Tom 's got those little rascals under control
would you like some coffee
- Sit down and scold our kids? - Haha
- I 'd love to- ok

(Children come to the world with their mission)
( Some children come to light up our lives . . . )
( Some children come to test our patience . . . )
(Some kids fill us with purpose. . . )
(Some children come to take care of ourselves)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - The subtitles of this forum are only for translation and learning purposes. Any commercial use is prohibited. Otherwise, the consequences will be at your own risk- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - = COSL - YTET group studio = - translation: sea son everjoker fan proofreading: hepburnlss time: (yes, when the kids come) ( They changed everything . . . )
Wangyq 0 6 8 0 (especially if they are uninvited)
'De esperate Housewives Season 1 Episode 18' - = End = -
C a p t i o n s   b y   V I T A C
