





0 0 : 0 0 : 5 9 , 1 0 1 - -&gt; 0 0 : 0 1 : 0 1 , 1 0 3 Modern Love - wait a minute - do you like this?
- Do it again, it doesn 't matter - Really?
bring it on
It 's okay, don 't use the flash next time, okay?
Why is it called 'Fuse'?
Feels like a good fit for a dating app
I like both of the meanings
ignition fuze, fusion joint
The two are closely related
Makes sense
great
Anyway, I want to express
Essentially, Fuze is not a dating site
In a world full of so many options and possibilities
In the brave new world, it 's not bad to have a guide
I like the concept of 'guidance' I should end up with this
Where will the content of this visit appear?
The New York Times Magazine
cool
Okay, thank you very much for taking the time to meet
- nice to meet you - you have a lot of things
- to sort out and summarize- ok
I have another question to ask have you ever loved yourself?
What do you say?
I ask if you have ever loved

this
This question has never been asked on previous visits

I don 't have to write it
what?
The story written all over your face
real or fake? so obvious?
Are you free now?
When the gossip reporter incarnates Cupid, the god of love

Sorry guys, we 'll be another five minutes behind
- I 'm really sorry - that 's ok
fine
I 'm sorry, I have an interview later.
I 'm really sorry I 'll try to get them to hurry up
That 's great, because it 's ten minutes late
thanks for your reminder
i appreciate your behavior
They shouldn 't keep us waiting
But that 's a bit of a disadvantage for you if you want to be admitted.

It doesn 't matter, it 's important to express yourself in this kind of thing
We are on time for them and they should be on time for us, right?
i am joshua
Emma
Andy
How much are you willing to pay to let me go?
Because this job is mine
- Is that right? - That 's right, it 's the accent.

- they love it - yeah
Give me a hundred dollars and I 'll give it to you
I don 't need to go through the back door
All right
- Where did you graduate from? - Harvard
Mom, is it true?
Fake, just kidding, I didn 't go to college
it might be worse for me
You know, self-made, avant-garde
People here love this guy
Really, graduate from street college
Feel the pulse of the people
- really- yo

- I don 't know why I do this - you are... .
- astonishingly stupid- do you really think
do you have that brush?
- Hey, Emma? - right
- please come in - thank you

ok, nice to meet you
ok good luck
Who gets that job in the end?
she

- you lost to her - it doesn 't count
We only talked for five minutes and I knew I wanted to see her again
Hey! went well?
Hey
Enrolled?
I have no idea
you better hurry back
everyone is looking for you
It 's okay, this is more important
What is more important?
If I go to the interview, how am I going to see you again?
When I come out, you are leaving early
So you 're giving up a great opportunity to give up a possible stable, high-paying job just to see me again?
Are you sure we didn 't meet by chance today?
If so, that 's a really good trick for dating a girl.
So are we going on a date?
Okay, what else am I going to do?
I don 't have an interview for the next three days
- neither do I - okay
What are those two homeless people doing at 9:30 in the morning in New York?
Should ask what can 't be done?
So we walked around and exchanged life stories
She talks to me about plans to develop a data-sharing app
I talked to her about the idea of ​​a dating site
gosh
I 'm curious how they met
who?
these two

it 's here!
Otherwise you think they meet in the city
And then decide to move here together?
They . . . the animals here meet here
I mean, curious how this all works
Dating in the animal kingdom
you are too persistent
I 'm fascinated by what the first spark was
I don 't think there should be such a thing among animals
They should just pick whomever they want to have sex with, as long as the species is right, they 'll go straight up
- Straight up, eh? - go straight up
You don 't know, maybe they are super strong
Know who is the real son or daughter

Well, otherwise you ask them the questions you would ask the customer?
OK
hello, come, sit down



thanks
What kind of leopard are you looking for?
- Just the leopard- you 're going to use this voice
- Yes? - That 's right, this is my voice
- Are we going to use this voice? - this is my voice
What do you mean by 'just a leopard'?
Are there any special preferences?
It 's okay, as long as she has spots
spot?
that 's it? So can a cheetah?
no! No, I don 't like cheetahs, I like leopard spots


I can tell the difference


love is universal
We know very little about animals except for this
Hey, are you all right?
fine
I 'm very good

I have a theory that love is like a rocket trying to send it into space
Just enough power to break through Earth 's atmosphere and it 'll keep flying no matter what obstacles it encounters along the way
The focus is on the first spark
That 's right, it 's not 'Are we fit for life together?' It 's that initial impulse
The first six months we were together everything was almost perfect
we started living together

I get on well with her parents, even her father
I even bought an engagement ring
Hide carefully and wait for the perfect moment to surprise her
Then we were forced to go off track

hey, you 're back early
Yes, take the earlier train
I 'm almost done. I 'll go out to dinner later. I 'll treat you
how about it? How are you at home? How is your mother?

Hey, what 's the matter?

i screwed up
what are you talking about?
Remember the guy I told you about?
High school classmate, my first boyfriend
how? I remember you saying he was married?
He ended up, then left
I met him at a bar and . . .
His wife left him a few months ago and we went out, I . . .
kinda let him go back in time
Did you sleep with him or just kissed him?
i slept with him
ok, break
Only ten seconds before I stopped
Come back right away, you don 't know, maybe it 's just a moment of madness
Because I love you, Joshua, I love you
That 's not love, it 's guilt, love is trust
- no- only trust
That was the only bargaining chip, but you ruined it!
No, this is not your website manifesto!
Love contains many things!




I do what a lot of people do when they 're forced to stay away from their favorites
I 'm working hard
Ironically, it 's love that takes me out of love
Fuze to understand love, observe love, study love
I started dating again
It 's been a long road to recovery, but I 'm starting to trust people again
The stats I read don 't support my hostility to the entire world of love
Actually people don 't usually screw up
I rekindled hope
Then, about a month ago...
At that moment, I finally realized that for the past two years I have never really been alive
I met a lot of great people
smart, humorous, considerate
But they are not her
On that street, at that moment I came alive again
gosh, how do you do that?
I made an excuse to call my girlfriend halfway through lunch
Lunch
Hey
So she got engaged
Oh shit!
It 's been two years
it 's too long

I know I can 't go off and disturb her life a few years after a breakup, right?
You have to let her know, and more importantly, you have to let your girlfriend know
I broke up with her that night
She 's a wonderful person and she fits every criteria I want she 's just . . .
I don 't know, after seeing Emma again I suddenly realized . . .
It feels like a leopard interacting with a cheetah
- Can I quote this, please? - no!
Confidential?
No, this must not be written into the access
This is not the image I want to present
The CEO of a dating site in love
Trust me, you 'll never let go if you don 't at least try
You can 't carry this question mark for the rest of your life
Trust me, not knowing the answer will ruin you and possibly other women you might meet
If she does let go, at least you can let it go and meet other people
Wait a minute, why are you so sure?
have time?
have


He was a senior at the time and went abroad to study Shakespeare. I was a 22-year-old war photographer living in Paris. We met at a bar in the Caribbean . . .
Wait, I seem to have heard the exact same story
What?
Just kidding! real or fake?
real
Most people would be 'We met in college
'Reunited after two years at a party' for a coffee together'
Yeah, it 's really an adventure
Sounds like a 'British Lover' plot
Really, I think about him every day
Then he let me dove a few weeks after I went to see him in London
Yes, he was coming to see me at my place in Paris this weekend and he never showed up
Omg, I really want to know why he never shows up again
Isn 't that the perfect start to a relationship?
I really don 't understand how it all makes such a difference to him and to me?
The only thing I can recall of him is this old photo
I put photos in a book and carry them with me, moved from apartment to apartment, experienced relationship after relationship
even follow me into marriage
Where are you going?
Go to my book signing in the north and be back tomorrow
What about the kids?
As I said, I 'm taking a four-hour train ride
Go directly to the book signing venue and then spend the night in a good hotel that the publishing house kindly arranged for me
Why don 't you come together?
You and the kids we can have a good weekend
remember? Have a weekend together?
You know I don 't like half day trips
And the kids seem to be active
See you tomorrow
' I watched the little girl make tea in front of the stove
'Without parents, the three of us sat together
' Enjoy tea and date cookies
' look into each other 's eyes and smirk
'I didn 't take a picture that day.
'These moments stick in my mind
'These days drown me
'I leave my camera at home these days'

thanks
thanks
This is my hope, thank you very much
Very

Wow
really you
that . . . is really you
jeez, hello
- hello- hello
how are you
Good, but we were supposed to meet in Paris
- Right? 15 years ago? - 17 years ago
I lost your book the book you put your address on
I thought, what book went to? 'Anna Karenina'
- 'Anna Karenina' - huh?
- Yep
right
how . . it 's a wonderful coincidence
It 's no coincidence, I saw your photo on the Internet
Advertise this campaign . . .
I thought, can 't believe she 's coming to my hometown
So I waited three months for you
It 's actually 17 years and three months

real
I can 't believe it 's really you, you haven 't changed at all
I gotta go on . . . that . . .
Oh yes, you 're here to sign the book, I understand
Yes, thank you for coming, it 's so...

- ok- ok
it has my phone number
If you 're staying here and want a coffee or something, let me know
Okay thanks, but I have to get home quickly. Mr. and two kids are waiting for me.
- of course - thank you anyway
It 's really nice to see you
Wow!
Hello

Hi, I . . .
Hi, it 's great to see you
I love your work
Thank you for coming here for the book signing . . .
Boarding Pass, Michael Wall
Paris, France, London, England, and he didn 't put my pigeons
Deep down, I just know
- Good night
Can 't believe you lost my Anna Karenina
real
I can 't read this book anymore
I don 't know what 's going on in there

Just great prose, then she committed suicide and then some great prose
Why . . . you can 't take good care of that book?
You should take good care of that book
Who the hell stole that book?

I was on the train in Paris and I had the book in front of me
A thick book I want to say go to the toilet first
- start watching again- oh yes, because you have to... .
When I came back from the toilet, the book was gone

Everything is still there, but the book is missing
Maybe the other half of one of us came back from the future to change the past and stole the book
Yes, life can be very different

But then I won 't have my kids so there 's nothing to say
Me too
- You have children? - two
So . . . you 're still looking for an old lover?
i only have one old lover
I got married a year after I left Europe
soon
I 'm getting married soon because I 'm afraid of losing again
Maybe a little too impulsive
hi thanks
Feel sorry

Are you still with your wife?
We live under the same roof, so to speak
She 's a good woman, beautiful, kind, and very good at taking care of children. I don 't deserve her
So what are we doing here, Michael?
Why are you at my book signing?
What do you hope will happen?
I hope we can continue the unfinished fate I can have a second chance with you and my life is just the time to fall in love again
For 17 years and three months, I 've been fantasizing
The love and the spark between us are still the same I take you to the hotel to open, we share the same bed
Then we agreed to go back to Paris and find the lost relationship as adults

Michael

We don 't need to go to a hotel to make sure we still love each other
we obviously still
Just thinking about you has helped me through many lows in my life and knowing you exist . . .
Come

we get out of here
Sometimes you will find that the ultimate true love in life is full of many meanings

Not just bringing new life into the world or romantic love, soul mates or even life mates
The love we had in the past failed to fulfill the untested, lost love that seems so innocent and so childish to those who choose to settle down
However, it is actually the purest and most exclusive existence.

We shouldn 't have slept at all last night
I can 't open my eyes now
arrive
Dawn belongs to lovers and bakers
I have something for you
Right?
Breakfast I just happened to know you don 't have this book

There 's great prose in it, and then she dies and some great prose
thanks
Take care of yourself

My special dessert of the day



Hey

I want to run this home well - how? - we 're done




really


love career
Can algorithms really help us find true love?
By Julie Fair
Then, the CEO 's mask took off and I met Joshua for the first time
Gorgeous young internet talent disappears and remains
an emotional young man
give everything for his website
Then he said something that I have heard for a long time
The most romantic love at first sight story
That 's the story of one of his ex-girlfriends, we 'll call her Emily here.
bathroom

This kid made thousands of people, and yet
alone alone
The longing of his old love burned him so intensely


Joshua doesn 't want to wake up in 20 years and regret his silence

His story reminds me of my own
An unexistent, untested love





