 00 : 00 : 00, 951 -- > 00 : 00 : 02, 257 Previously on The Originals ...
 Whoever I am now , - I want you to marry me . - Yes .
 Hayley 's missing . Your family needs you now .
 Elijah Mikaelson is dead .
 Who is Hayley ? Someone Elijah Mikaelson used to love .
 Freya , I couldn 't find him in France . He 's gone .
 I figured with everything going on , you could use a friend . I gotta get back to work , Aunt Freya .
 Or you could tell me about that cute boy you had hidden in your room last week .
 That stuff you were studying in those books . My mom 's missing .
 I can 't just sit around and do nothing . Until Hayley Marshall is found ,
 I am changing the rules .
 Break the rules , no more head garden , just your head .
 I put the pressure on to see how the factions react .
 The wolves were prepared to die for their Alpha , the witches worked with us , but the vampires ...
 Did nothing but resist . - What is that ?
 - A message .
 From enemies I thought I buried long , long ago .
 Rise and shine , Nightwalker Nation .
 If it was your aim to get my attention , then I must say you 've been wildly successful .
 I am now singularly focused on your impending suffering .
 And to whomever sent this coin and took my daughter 's mother ...
 ... it 's time to show your face .
 Man , don 't look to me for help . Y 'all lost your chance to trade loyalty for protection .
 No .
 This would mark your very last opportunity to confess . Look , I don 't know anything .
 Well , that 's a pity for you , then .
 It 's me you 're looking for .
 Perhaps we should talk .


 You know , for someone who organized this little summit , you 're woefully short on details .
 So I 'm going to ask you one last time .
 Where are you keeping Hayley ?
 You knew we 'd have this little chat .
 No doubt you binged on vervain till your throat was red and raw .
 And now , sadly , drip , drip , drip -- All over the floor it goes .
 " Sein Mangel an Vision ... wird sein Untergang sein . "
 " His lack of vision will be his downfall . "
 That 's what he always said about you .
 He ? You and I have a friend in common .
 Oh , I sincerely doubt that . It 's true .
 August Müiler .
 I don 't blame you for forgetting . It was a long time ago .
 Spring ... 1933 .
 Rostock , Germany .
 The purpose of art is to portray life as it is .
 When that world is joyous , art must reflect that beauty , but when our existence is beset with unrest , humiliation , hyperinflation , the indignity of reparations , art must necessarily be equally drab and ugly .
 Or perhaps , August , the ugliness is a result of the artist lacking any discernible talent .
 The mission of art , is to engage our most primal selves ... to inflame our passion , to provoke our insight .
 And it should inspire us to drink and brawl and " give our sensual race the rein . "
 Derivative .
 And so ... extraordinarily tedious .
 I wouldn 't argue with this fool when he 's not listening to a single word you say .
 He 's simply waiting for you to draw a breath so that he might pontificate anew .
 I believe you 're thinking of my brother Elijah . He 's the pompous , controlling one . Interesting .
 I 'd always heard that Elijah was the enigmatic and charming one .
 The truly distinguished element of the family .
 13 years , you don 't look a day over a thousand . How do you do it , Niklaus ?
 God , I 've missed you .
 I fear word of your presence in Germany has spread .
 Rumors of Mikael are rampant across Europe .
 Come .
 Sit tight , August . I 'll get back to your hackery momentarily .
 Little friend of yours ? Hardly .
 Do you remember him now ?
 As an elephant considers a gnat , merely a trifle .
 That trifle is my Bodhidharma , my Guru Nanak , my Jesus !
 August is the touchstone to everything that I believe , and the reason that I and my friends have taken your sweet Hayley .
 We have a room , you know .
 Maybe we should go there .
 Yeah , but then we couldn 't make out in this filthy alley .
 You were right . About ?
 The feeling after sundown without the ring , it 's just ... a most transcendent joy .
 I 'll take credit for most of that joy , thank you very much .
 Behind you , on the corner . Don 't look . He was in the bar earlier .
 You think it 's your family again ?
 I think ... ... we ought to introduce ourselves .
 Ladies first .
 Well , somebody 's been busy .
 Busy watching you .
 Okay , let 's see what you can do .
 Okay .
 Pretty cool , huh ?
 What do you think ?
 I think I wish I had core muscles like yours .
 And that 's nothing compared to what I 'll be able to do once I trigger my werewolf side .
 Yeah .
 Um ...
 Has your mom ever talked you through - turning ? - A little .
 And I- I have friends .
 I mean , the whole killing a human part sounds kind of rough , but ...
 What about the whole breaking every bone in your body part ?
 You know , when your mom talked to me about it , when she , um , really described it , it sounded worse than almost anything I could imagine .
 And , honestly , it 's ... it 's not what she wanted for you .
 " Wants . " Not what she wants for me . That 's what I meant .
 Your daughter is dangerous .
 A menace , a threat .
 My daughter is a child .
 A child born of werewolf blood , who can create hybrids at will .
 Her defect must be corrected . Her defect is my defect !
 Say that again , I 'll pluck out your eyeballs and eat them like olives off my fingertips .
 I 'll call it what it is . A dirtying of my species .
 Which diminishes the pure and superior nature of vampires .
 Make your point .
 Your daughter will purify herself , submitting to the same spell that your mother , Esther , once used to bind you .
 Once her werewolf side is sublimated , Hope will no longer be capable of creating her abominations .
 And what if I don 't agree ? It 's a simple choice .
 Your daughter 's werewolf nature or her mother 's worldly life .
 Clock is ticking .
 50 werewolves killed in Stäbelow .
 A further 80 in Wittenberg , this village just outside of Bentwisch .
 Entirely wiped out .
 A dozen massacres , all within 20 miles of where we sit , Niklaus .
 Well , this is too systematic for Mikael .
 Besides , I 've been keeping a low profile . Oh , is that what you call this ?
 Yes , Elijah , besotted fornication is the norm here .
 The only one who stands out is you .
 Rebekah .
 What if that lunatic we call a father found Rebekah and forced her to surrender your ...
 Rebekah is ensconced in Chicago with this Stefan character .
 She writes me often because I 'm her favorite .
 Yes , I 'm afraid to disappoint you , Niklaus , but Rebekah writes to absolutely anybody who will indulge her about this nauseating affair .
 She does seem happy .
 Well , her happiness is of my highest order . You should know that .
 Hold on a minute .
 What is it ?
 If you don 't mind .
 Do we have a problem ?
 Yes , I believe we do .
 The man was a forgettable artist , a virulent fascist and a murderous slob who slaughtered werewolves by the pack .
 And what did you do to him ? What makes you think I had any piece in this ?
 Oh , I don 't know , a couple hundred years of history .
 That hideous Greta woman with her reverence for a dilettante who made no mark upon the world .
 I will not entertain her hateful ask and bind my child .
 All right , look , shouldn 't Hope get a say in this ?
 This fate which she demands , the curse which I bore for a millennia ,
 I can 't put my daughter through that .
 It 's a pain worse than death .
 No , I will see that woman roast upon a pyre before I give in to the demands of these cultists .
 Look , all right , I got your back . I do , okay ?
 But if they kill Hayley , and Hope isn 't given a chance to save her , she will not forgive you .
 And if I impose this shame upon my daughter and then they kill her mother anyway ?
 I won 't forgive myself .
 You should really lock your door . You know that , right ?
 Pretty sure I did , Roman .
 Okay . Well , then next time use a lock I can 't pick .
 So what 's the deal with you and your out
 She 's my aunt . And why do you care ?
 Hey , I 'm just curious . Hmm .
 Hmm ?
 Why are you so interested in me ?
 - In truth ? - No , lie to me .
 Okay . A Mikaelson .
 Daughter of an Original , which is supposed to be impossible .
 Dad 's a vampire , Mom 's a werewolf , lineage of witches .
 I 'm interested in you because ... you 're the most interesting .
 Other than you , of course . You don 't know anything about me .
 Hmm , which is , I 'm sure , exactly how you like it . Maybe .
 How about this ?
 You tell me something about you , and I won 't go to Alaric with breaking and entering .
 I once pissed some people off and ended up desiccated in a cave .
 Desiccated ? Yeah .
 What was that like ?
 It was ... bad .
 But then the pain took over and ... I just lost track of everything .
 Everything but time .
 How long were you in there ?
 Long enough to replay the first pain- free 16 years of my life several times over before moving on to my 17th .
 An ancient bad boy vampire with a damaged soul .
 - How positively ... - Literary ?
 Cliché .
 Oh .
 Ouch .
 Look at you . The vampire supplicant delivering poison in a bag .
 It 's a hangover cocktail I keep behind the bar .
 Electrolytes , five " B " vitamins , a little glutathione .
 Klaus told you to show me pity ? No .
 My choice .
 Guess I 'm hoping showing you a little kindness convinces you to let Hayley go .
 She 's a good soul , Greta .
 And none of what happened was her fault .
 Not directly . But we had years of peace , Josh .
 All of which ended because her loathsome daughter sullied the evolutionary pool .
 Poppy was a good soul , too , wasn 't she ?
 Josh .
 Have you gone insane ?
 She 's no good to us dead , and the drip will only help clear the vervain from her system .
 And honestly , Marcel , she ... she 's kind of got a point .
 Choose your next words very carefully . Come on , dude .
 Look , I don 't know exactly what your new deal is with Klaus , but think about it .
 Binding Hope means a safe Hayley , no more hybrids , and ...
 And the Mikaelsons go back to where they came from , right ?
 Oh , believe me , I have gamed this out already .
 Okay , so , not that I 'm in any position to give advice here , but maybe , just maybe , you side with the community on this one .
 A question . How do you feel about your skull , Josh ?
 I 'm pretty attached to it .
 Then stop engaging with the enemy and keep your damn opinions to yourself .
 You want to talk to me about the guy with the camera ?
 He 's come for me before ... to watch me .
 Stalk me . Sometimes to bring me back .
 Bring you back to where ? It doesn 't matter .
 Then why are you packing ?
 Look , all those times that I 've said that there are things in my past that I prefer to forget ... ... the man with the camera , he 's part of those things .
 So , problem solved .
 He 's dead .
 They 'll send a replacement .
 Who is " they " ? Who is " they , " Antoinette ?
 Yes .
 I proudly participated in the thinning of the werewolves .
 Decapitated some 90 with my own hands .
 " Thinning " ? That 's a convenient euphemism .
 I 'm simply ridding us of the mongrels who diminish us .
 Mongrels ? Inferior scourges .
 Hardly the apex predators born of Viking stock like you and I , friend .
 No , you and I are quite different , friend .
 A fact which I feel I 'll have to educate you on .
 I believe what my brother is trying to say is that you are a runt .
 You are a runt amidst a species of leviathans .
 I recommend you not give me any further reason to stake that feeble , incurvated sternum of yours .
 This is the first and last warning I will give you .
 Time to go , Antoinette .
 Yes , Father .
 You shouldn 't underestimate the movement . We will not fail .
 You know , history is littered with eugenicists who overstate their sway .
 The Khmer Rouge , the Hutu , the Turks in Armenia .
 All of whom left death and suffering in their wake and all of whom buckled under the weight of their own hatred .
 Still ... ... if you 're feeling confident , tell me the names of your coconspirators .
 Sorry . Tank 's not quite empty yet .
 You know , August was very weak and very small .
 And yet he spawned a crusade that lasted a hundred years .
 I don 't see a crusade .
 I see a lone woman grasping to justify her last gasps of hate .
 And I see a man who knows that 's a lie .
 But what you can 't figure out is how many of us there are .
 And just how deeply we have infected your world .
 I have wanted to tell you more about our past , but I was afraid of how you 'd react .
 I was thinking we could head east .
 Someone once told me Shanghai is a safe place to hide out .
 Yeah , feel free to send me a postcard .
 You gave me a ring , Elijah . You asked me to marry you .
 You spent the last seven years lying to me . That 's not fair .
 How could you not tell me that you and I knew each other ?
 Because we barely met once or twice in passing .
 And the part where my brother and your father have an entire history together , you neglected to tell me that , too .
 Because I know how this ends .
 I keep my secrets and you 'll walk out that door , but that 's still better than ... telling you the truth and having you hate me forever .
 Enjoy Shanghai .
 Marcel , I have a question .
 Would it be wrong of me to assume there are traitors in my midst ?
 So ... - What ? - Now we 've moved from " blameless Klaus " to " paranoid Klaus . "
 Well , if that zealot claims to have friends , I 'll choose to believe her .
 It 's been two days since you pledged your allegiance , and your first response to Greta ' " s demands was to question me .
 It was to find a way out . It 's gonna take hours to get her clean .
 And in the meantime , Hayley sits some damn place .
 I 'm just looking for a way to get them to give her back .
 I 'll tell you how they 'll give her back : breathless , in a wooden box .
 These people respond to strength , not capitulation .
 Do you both understand that reality ?
 Can I count on you not to blink in the face of their hatred ?
 Always .
 You see that ? You see , that is the problem with our relationship .
 I think I 've signed up to be his partner , he thinks that I 've pledged allegiance to the king .
 Yeah , well , uh ...
 Not to risk my skull again , but ... you probably should 've told him you called Freya with Greta ' " s demands .
 There 's nothing to say until Freya calls back and tells me if Hope intends to bind herself .
 It 'll be painful . - I don 't care .
 - You could die . Same answer .
 We 're talking about snuffing out a fundamental part of who you are ...
 Which , as according to you , my mom never wanted me to trigger anyway .
 But which she wanted to be your decision . And I 'm making it .
 Not like this , Hope . Listen ...
 I know what it 's like to have something taken from you against your will . Okay ?
 For me , it was time .
 Years and years , cursed to sleep by Aunt Dahlia , while the world spun around me .
 And I am telling you : when you realize everything you 've missed , it devastates .
 You know , if it were just to save my mom , I 'd want to do it .
 Or it could be the fact that ... I 'm partially responsible for her being taken .
 Or that I 'm not even sure I even want this freakish side of myself . But it 's all those things .

 So , please , Aunt Freya , get whatever supplies that you need , because you and I are doing this .
 The whole " note goes poof in my pocket " ? It 's really kind of an invasion , you know .
 Kind of hypocritical , coming from the guy who keeps breaking into my room .
 Fair .
 Um , so ...
 I need a favor .
 There 's this thing that I have to do , and ... there 's a chance it might not end well .
 A " thing ... " ... that " might not end well " ?
 Does this thing have anything to do with what you and your aunt are ... ♪ She always takes it black ♪ But you 'll love her ... ♪
 Didn 't really expect that . ♪ Goes dark ♪ You 'll love her even after that . ♪
 Okay .
 Um ...
 I might die today .
 Okay .
 It 's how I get my mom back , so I just ... needed to cross a few things off my bucket list first .
 Wait , was that just your first ... ? Can we not talk about it ?
 You should 've stuck your hand down his throat and ripped out his entrails .
 Instead , you let him off the hook . To prevent you from exposing yourself .
 Might I spend the balance of time cowed and ashamed of what I am ?
 Not cowed and ashamed , discreet and safe .
 The moment you reveal yourself , you unleash an angry horde .
 None of whom can kill me . Father can .
 And given the chance , he will .
 So why empower him with an army to hunt you down ?
 Let 's find out how powerful this army really is .
 This was August and his people . They did this .
 They tore these poor wretches from their beds . And they killed them in their place of worship .
 It 's not your battle , Niklaus .
 Isn 't it ? Not this time , no .
 You 're not the savior of the wolves , and you cannot change what happened here .
 Klaus , please .
 Those of us that matter accept you for what you are .
 Your acceptance rings a tad hollow considering you stood witness as Mother bound the part of me these people want to kill .
 No , I did everything that I could to protect you . Protect me ?
 You were ashamed of me .
 You stood and you watched as Mikael beat me till I passed out cold .
 I never watched you suffer !
 I was beside you , tortured and beaten without mercy .
 Now , you tell me what you want from me .
 I need you to do something !
 To take action when people call my kind " mongrels . "
 Not just to talk .
 Otherwise , you 're no better than those who turned their backs and allowed this to happen .
 I have a good mind to stick a dagger in you , put you in a coffin and stack you atop our dear sister .
 Niklaus , you never cease to amaze me .
 So , Rebekah 's letters ?
 " Dearest Elijah , springtime in Chicago is ever so inspiring . "
 Oh , Niklaus . Another talent revealed .
 So how did you manage to deny Rebekah ' " s happiness this time ?
 Did you eviscerate this Stefan fellow like you did Alexander ?
 Or did you simply toss him from a balcony like the unfortunate Emil ?
 I didn 't have a chance . But eternity is long , and I have an excellent memory .
 Why do any of us bother ? Well , from here on out , don 't .
 ' Cause I 'm sick and tired of being betrayed by those who claim to love me .
 So go back to where you came from .
 And next time you have word that Mikael is on my trail , do us all a favor :
 let him come .
 There 's got to be an easier way to do this .
 Your blood is the key . I just need enough to soak the moonstone .
 Anima marcam .
 Iskoristi vuka .
 Anima marcam . That word .
 " Marcam . "
 What does it mean ?
 " To mark " ?
 " The drenched stone is heated and used to brand the afflicted . "
 Brand me
 " The palms of both hands , the soles of both feet .
 " And ... the site of the third- eye chakra . "
 And , Hope , listen to me , you can 't pass out or ever stop breathing , okay ?
 And if I do ?
 Just don 't .
 If you ever want me to stop ... No .
 Just do it .
 - Hope , I ... - Do it .
 Anima marcam .
 Iskoristi vuka .
 Anima marcam .
 Iskoristi vuka .
 Anima marcam .
 Iskoristi vuka .
 Anima marcam .
 Iskoristi vuka .
 Anima marcam .
 Iskoristi vuka .
 Anima marcam .
 Iskoristi vuka .
 Anima marcam .
 Iskoristi vuka .
 Anima marcam .
 Iskoristi vuka .
 Anima marcam .
 Iskoristi vuka . I will not let my past become your future .
 Do you understand ?
 Do you understand ?
 Marcel told you . He didn 't have to .
 A thousand years of family has taught me to expect betrayal from those I hold most dear .
 Bind her ? Really ?
 How many times have you heard me rail against the shame our parents gave me ?
 How many times have you heard me cry , devastated over having lived my life without my mother ?
 You have to go , Klaus . You can 't stay here with Hope .
 Hope , listen to me .
 This ends ... now .
 I thought you 'd be gone .
 It 's pretty hard to plan a future when my past and present are awash in death and deceit .
 The very first time that I saw you ...
 I knew exactly who you were .
 And yes , we have a history . Your family and mine . It was bloody .
 It was also the first time that I fell in love with you .
 Excuse me .
 I 'm looking for my brother .
 He hasn 't been in again .
 I 'm not my father 's daughter .
 I don 't share his hatred .
 - But he ... - can 't be reasoned with .
 And there are consequences to defying him .
 I 'm familiar with that kind of father . Eventually , even the children of such a monster are not safe , and believe me , it 's only a matter of time before he turns that rage on you .

 Forgive me .
 Listen to me .
 I 've been to the railway station and to the port ;
 I have compelled the ticket- takers to help any who want passage out of this country .
 You say my name and they will help you .
 I recommend heading east . Shanghai 's a safe place to hide out .
 Thank you . You 're welcome .
 Uh , your name . If -- If I 'm going to use your name as my ticket out ...
 Of course . Elijah .
 Antoinette .
 Until we meet again . If we meet again .
 Like I told you when we met in New York ... ... I abandoned my father 's antiquated notions and found faith in the purity of my eternal soul .
 I live by that code because it brings me peace .
 I want to share this life with you .
 Marry you .
 Bathe in the joy of those first moments after sunset with you .
 I love you , Elijah .
 And I will be upstairs packing , because yes , it is time to move on .
 But I hope that it 'll be together .
 Klaus Mikaelson has been quite the busy boy today .
 First you 're up and back to Mystic Falls , now you 're abducting werewolves from the bayou .
 If Greta ' " s greatest fear is " abominations , " then I intend to give her that horror in a never- ending nightmare .
 I have a quart of Hope 's blood and I will use every last drop of it to create more hybrids .
 You went behind my back .
 You put my daughter 's life at risk and you betrayed me .
 I did what was right . What was right for whom ?
 For your daughter . For my city .
 This isn 't about what was right . Your city rejected you .
 So did my sister . Now all you want is for them to take you back .
 You just need to be loved , Marcel , that 's your weakness .
 That 's how I knew what you 'd done without you having to say a word .
 And that 's why I know , no matter what you promise when you claim to be an ally , you ... ... you will always falter .
 Drink up .
 And when you go back out into the world , be sure to tell everybody
 Greta Sienna is responsible for your fate .
 I 've made a mistake . I don 't want to die .
 So ... come clean about Hayley . The second I talk , they 'll kill me .
 Look , you 're clean of vervain .
 So if you confess without being compelled and Hayley 's still alive ...
 Okay ?
 Oh , she is .
 Very much so .
 Then Klaus isn 't without compassion .
 Where is she , Greta ? You tell me .
 You tell me where she is , and I will vouch for you with Klaus and Marcel .
 Please tell them . What ?
 - Tell them . - Tell them what ?
 Tell them I am so very much stronger than they could ever imagine !
 Hey , you didn 't die .
 That 's pretty cool .
 What happened ?
 What happened is that ... I 'm on my own , as far as getting my mom back is concerned .
 And what 's this ?
 A binding spell .
 All I need to do to get her back is to lose a part of who I am .
 And I mean , I 've got three . How bad could it be to lose one of them ?
 Do you want to find out ?
 Well ... none of the witches here are strong enough to do this .
 Yeah .
 Man ... if only somebody knew a way to sneak out of here , huh ?
 Will he survive ? - Josh ? - Yeah .
 He 's lucky to still have his face , but ... I think so .
 Does he have any idea where Greta ' " s gotten off to ?
 Do you remember that part where I said he 's lucky to have his face ?
 What I said earlier ... I was angry .
 Yeah , well ... you weren 't wrong .
 I 'm off my game . Your sister really did a number on my head .
 Absent Elijah , my temper gets the better of me .
 It did today .
 And it did a century ago , with August . ♪ Everywhere I turn
 I am far from blameless , Marcel . ♪ Everything is changing
 Although he got nothing less than what he deserved . In fact , I think I took it easy on him .
 I don 't want any trouble , Klaus ! As if I give a damn what you want .
 After I kill you , I 'm gonna hunt down everyone you know and everyone you love .
 Aah !
 ♪ Everyone
 But the rest never saw it coming .
 When you 've had enough ... pick up this coin .
 Some of them were guilty of hate .
 But most were innocent .
 And they all became victims of that ... part of me I 'd been forced to suppress .
 August ... my beloved ... ♪ This could be the downfall
 Please .
 Mercy for myself .
 So , you see , in the end , I was the match that lit the fuse .
 Mercy ... for my daughter .
 My mistake was that I humiliated them , and in doing so , I empowered them with the most potent form of hate ... that which has fueled my rage for a millennia .
 Shame .
 I gifted them shame .
 Please , mercy for my son !
 ♪ This could be the downfall .
 Hey . It 's me .
 Just letting you know everything is ... cool here .
 I 'm getting in the car and ... Hope Mikaelson is coming with me .
 I love you , Mom .
 Anybody see you sneak out ? No .
 Ready to go ? Yeah .
 Let 's do this .

