
Translation: molatime tpring Proofreading: tpringmolatime
( Resurrection Sherlock )
Prepared for the first seat of the 585th game
start shooting
It all started with the train to Cardiff
At the time, Mark and I were both working on different episodes of 'Doctor Who'
(Executive Producer of Steven M offat) We always chatted in the car, so we talked about our other love, Sherlock. Sherlock Holmes
My name is Sherlock Sherlock Holmes address is Baker Street 2 2 1 B
The executive producer of Mark Gatiss has a consensus that we are almost dancing in the car, our favorite is the 30s and 40s
Basil Rathbone 's Sherlock Holmes
In some ways, the tone and humor are even more interesting and close to the original than some of the later big production versions.
We always tell each other
Someday someone will reproduce that version
Put Sherlock Holmes and Watson in Modern Society
then we 'd be very upset because we should have done it
We 've talked about this topic more than 20 times over the years
Suddenly the idea came to me one day and the trip was exciting and a bit of Sherlock Holmes.
We hit it off on sitting in the car
A very Sherlockian journey
The story no longer takes place in the foggy London of the 19th century
When I mentioned it to my wife Sue she said 'Why don 't you do it?'
That moment was so refreshing
'We should do this modern version'
So it all started
We started to create and shoot instead of sighing in fear that someone else would take the lead
Building a modern Sherlock Holmes
- You read his blog too? - Of course we all do.
You called me here just to send a text
( follow me )

Our starting point is that the original is full of traps, two-seater carriages, ancient costumes, and thick fog.
Jack the Ripper peeks in the dark . . .
Like a bottomless maelstrom
Victorian Sherlock Holmes went a lot and I like it too
If so, why not try the modern version?
The most crucial moment was when we and our creative team realized that the original book started with Dr. Watson being wounded in Afghanistan and being deported back home.
Watson

Watson in this scene is exactly the same as in the book. Benedict Cumberbatch plays Sherlock Holmes. He returns from the battlefield of Kandahar
But like many other great adaptations
We have something unique and that is the modern environment
So he started blogging instead of journaling
Interesting that a lot of the original has modern replacements
I remember Mark thinking once
'It is impossible for a modern Dr. Watson to keep a diary or a memorandum'
'He will blog'
You just suddenly realized what a memo is
it 's blog
His eyeliner is no longer a wandering orphan
became a homeless man selling magazines
- Do you have any change? - Really?
( Vauxhall Arch )
To a certain extent, it shows that the story in the eyes of the readers of the year is stimulating and avant-garde and modern, rather than the antique in the eyes of modern people.

Every detail of the update is so handy and fun
Game X 1 0 0 4 Rule 5
start shooting

Hey ?

hello . . . sexy guy
who ?
I have a little riddle for you . . .

it 's just a hello
Who are you and what are you crying for?
I . . . I didn 't cry
i 'm typing
This stupid bitch is reading for me
Adapting one of your favorite classics can seem stressful
And in fact this unease will be tempered by a greater joy 'This time it 's our turn, it 's time for us to show our skills'

'It 's time for me and Mark to build our own Sherlock Holmes'
We can 't help but laugh like children
Of course there is pressure
But there is pressure to do everything, who cares?
The important thing is this great fun
Even if it 's only for a short while that 2 2 1 B Baker Street is our address
So exciting, who worries about stress?
Casting: Sherlock Holmes and Watson
I want to cast the same thing as 0 0 7 bond
Sometimes there are many choices, sometimes there is only one person
Benedict seems to have jumped into our minds in an instant
Choose Benedict with little trouble
Sue and I saw him in the movie 'Atonement'
I thought, 'He 's very Sherlock Holmes.'
Mark knew Benedict and he immediately agreed
We gave him the script and he came to try it out and everyone thought 'there 's nothing better than him'
'Perfect' and chose him
We only sent him the script for Sherlock Holmes and he was the only one who auditioned for it
it 's that simple
It 's a great honor to be invited to play this role, but think twice
Can 't be vain to take on roles that are not suitable for you
So you have to study the script carefully. This is the most important thing.
The script is flawless
All cases are murders
I don 't know the modus operandi but it 's not suicide it 's murder
It 's serial murder. We 're dealing with a serial killer.
That 's great, I 'm looking forward to it
It 's amazing to play a hero and a flawed mortal at the same time
This role can be very rebellious and witty at the same time, which can make the actor feel addicted to the scene and at the same time he is an uncompromising hero.
I 'm sorry Mrs Hudson went out without tea
Are you both going?
Four Impossible Suicides
There 's no reason to stay at home, life is finally fun
You 're dead, you 're so happy
It doesn 't matter if he looks like the game is on Mrs Hudson
Watson 's casting took a relatively long time because one of the partners had to be found to match.
Martin was chosen because he hit it off with Benedict
The presence of Martin has a subtle effect on Benedict
It took no trouble to choose Watson, and the two of them went to that stop.
Everyone will praise 'the cute point in the middle'
What to do? This case?
- her suitcase - her suitcase ?
her suitcase of course
Murderer took her suitcase first big mistake
Well he took her suitcase so ?
Useless no choice but to take risks
I have a number on my desk, send me a text message
Martin Freeman plays Dr. Watson, I think John and Sherlock 's aura is something that can 't be forced
can 't be deliberately created
you are a doctor
And a military doctor
Yes
very good ?
very good
Then you must have seen a lot of corpses with tragic wounds
Yes
It 's hard too, I think?
Of course
I 've seen too much in my life
Want to see more?
god ok
Although I don 't know Benedict, I have always admired him and liked his works
Hope to work with him
Of course this doesn 't guarantee we 'll get along but thank god we really get along
We are very different in character and performance
But in this show we wanted to be both less ostentatious and less tacky
Martin and Benedict struck up a friendship right away
They themselves are far from their respective roles
But their private relationship does add sparks to the screen
Sherlock is sometimes very cruel and John is sometimes too submissive
This relationship needs to be convincing and enjoyable. They need to feel the surging warmth with every move they make.
The kind of unpretentious friendship
This friendship is the true portrayal of Benedict and Martin
And its value is also revealed on the screen
Sherlock Holmes and Watson were so close, their troubles combined with Holmes ' stubborn temper always caused . . .
At least occasionally it will cause a crisis between the two
To show the charm of this relationship
The two actors must be quite tacit
- What did you say? - Sherlock at stake
Living life I wonder if you don 't care at all?
- Can you save lives by caring? - No
Then I will continue to avoid this error
- You think it 's easy, don 't you? - Yes, it 's easy.
Are you surprised?
No of course not
I let you down
good deduction analysis
Don 't take people for hero John
Heroes don 't exist, even if there is, I 'm not one
Conan The wonderful thing about Doyle 's portrayal of the Howard duo is that two unlikely friends come together
Sherlock Sherlock Holmes and John Watson is an enviable pair
They are not diametrically opposed but complementary
The huge contrast in character not only did not become a hindrance, but made the relationship between the two closer
They are each other 's lost half
- what do you need me for - help me figure it out
I should just have to pay the rent for you
- Yeah, but it 's a lot more interesting. - Interesting? There 's a female corpse lying here.
Pretty accurate analysis, but I hope you can go a little deeper
They also don 't notice it. It feels the same as other classic partners or 'calling.' Although they don 't quite understand it yet, the subconscious already knows that they are looking for the right person.
From the first night they met, they knew right away that they would become best friends
They complement each other and a pair of John is . . .
How to say he 's like Sherlock 's moral guide
Because Sherlock is so talented and intelligent, he doesn 't always stop to think about worldly cause and effect or right or wrong.
John is a moral gauge in a sense
He 's more decent and measured than Sherlock because he 's more ordinary
Sherlock is totally extraordinary
Scenes
We want to worship the beauty of modern London
Just like the original worships Victorian London
Much of the second episode was shot in the city of London and we wanted to capture the 'Gherkin' building and its iconic (G herkin: Swiss insurance company 's London headquarters building) magnificent glass and steel frame
This is the embodiment of the vitality of the modern city, which makes the blood flow
Why come to London to shoot? Because Cardiff has incredible
The word 'beautiful photogenic' is what I made of everything here
Especially the grand theater, the place is quite aura
There are other places in London that fit the story wonderfully
but apparently something
For example, the architectural style of Baker Street cannot be replicated.
Our aim is to create a modern Sherlock. Sherlock Holmes
We want his London to be vibrant and vibrant
So try to use the vitality of these attractions as much as possible
start shooting
start shooting
Hello
- ah mr holmes - call me sherlock
The rent here must be expensive.
The landlord, Mrs. Hudson, gave me a special price.
she owes me a favor a few years ago
His husband was sentenced to death in Florida, I helped a little
You saved her husband from the death penalty?
no i confirmed the death penalty
hello sherlock
Mrs. Hudson, this is John. Dr. Watson
- hello come in - hello
- thank you - please come in
Card !
Today our crew is filming in the city center This is the S had S anderson bank in the show

Everyone has a Sherlock Holmes in their hearts, but what makes Sherlock stand out is that
The audience must not have thought that he would appear in this scene in an elevator surrounded by modern technology
The gist of the story I think is still very faithful to the original with some modern elements added

With the shiny feeling of taxi bus
The more modern elements around us, the better for us
Shoot!
members of the two london divisions
They went to Dalian to smuggle vases
One of them hid a little hosta
worth nine million
Eddie where Kugan
The baby he stole in China
How do you know it 's Van? What about Ku and not Lucci?
Not even the killer
because of the soap
I remembered the original script
At the beginning I spent page after page describing the building
S teve T hompson episode 2 screenwriter
So this morning I had the pleasure of seeing the selected set in person
I haven 't seen it before
They told me it 's a 42 seater but I 've never been there so I saw it in person this morning and remembered how 6 months ago I had a very detailed and vivid description of what it was supposed to be like
So glad to finally see
get to experience their options firsthand
By the way, what you call going to the bank . . .
We want to show the real size and look of London
So we 've been here for the past few days
Also went to Trafalgar Square
Do you consult others?
I have to ask the experts about the paint
This is a panorama of London
North from Trafalgar Square for unique views like the National Gallery
Chinatown to make sure we don 't see Sarah when rack two gets up


We went to Hungerford Bridge
Tuesday morning
All you have to do is show up in court and say the bag is yours
Never mind going to court
went to shafordsbury avenue
- oh my god - all right
- Where? Ku came - what? He sent a package the day he died no matter what was in that box

I 've used bits and pieces of information to figure out where he was at the time
- Sherlock - bill receipt with credit card
He came here since he came back from China
Sherlock
It 's just down the street, I don 't know where it is
that store right there
- How do you know? - Luckey 's diary he was there that day.
He took down the address
The London we 're showing is going to be new, Beryl Vertue, executive producer, so they 're looking at a tough place

John, I want you to go to the railroad and find anything of the same color
To crack this language we need a lot of evidence
I was so excited to see those locations
some very special
There is an episode that focuses on passwords and codes that are drawn in different places as clues
There 's a very weird tunnel right on the south bank of the Thames
Many authentic Londoners hardly know it exists
I was shocked then
pilot episode
It wasn 't these three episodes that we shot first
First an internal pilot
My name is Sherlock Sherlock Holmes address is Baker Street 2 2 1 B
good afternoon
I didn 't plan to make a pilot episode
It was supposed to be the first episode of the official show but as originally planned it was only 60 minutes
The BBC watched it and said 'Okay we 're going to have 3 episodes of 90 minutes'
But you can 't keep the sable for half an hour
In the end, we had to do it all over again
C oky Giedroyc directed the pilot and he did it very well
But we rip it apart and have to start all over again because every game can change places
John John Watson
pilot episode stanford
Mike Fellow at Stanford Barts School of Medicine
yes sorry yes hello mike
I know I 'm fat
John John Watson
Episode 1 Pink Research
Stanford Mack Fellow at Stanford Barts School of Medicine
- Yeah sorry yeah yeah Mike hello - I know I 'm fat
One of the great things about pilot episodes is that you can fix the entire episode
Can take the pilot episode as a reference, it can be changed
you can change on it you can say
'Change this set for that location'
You can do whatever you want. It looks wasteful, but it 's not.
This is the biggest savings equal to doing a test flight
See what the finished product might look like in advance instead of talking about it on paper
Then it wasn 't yours who fired the gun
God, it 's not too late
But it 's normal for that kind of person to have enemies.
someone might be following him
Anyway, he ran away when we came, and we have no clue.
oh i don 't think
We switched directors of photography back then and the new camera was much more advanced than what we could afford in the pilot.
There 's no way to coordinate
pilot episode
Hey ?
How did you put them on drugs?
what
What did you say ?
I asked how you got them poisoned
- Who are you? - Sherlock Sherlock Holmes
Do drugs often, Sherlock! Holmes ?
- quit early - because you have a good tolerance
Most people have passed out by this time
Sherlock sherlock holmes car
I didn 't call a taxi in the first episode of Pink Research
but you don 't necessarily need
you are that taxi driver
Parked outside Northumberland Street
it 's you not the passenger
You see no one thinks of a taxi driver
like transparent people
just the back of the head
Great for serial killers
So there were really a few scenes where we asked the actors
'Can you act like the pilot?'
Because you know that episode was powerful
But it 's actually easier to overthrow
It 's a rare opportunity to start over
And there are so many little details that give us a chance to look again
The decor of Baker Street Apartments in Baker Street itself
pilot episode
It 's pretty good here
really great
I feel the same way
The last few scenes of the first episode were designed to be in 2 2 1 B and are now gone
In fact, many of the plots are the same, only the location has changed.
pilot episode
I wonder what 's wrong with the key in your pocket?
Everyone likes to die in their own home
Episode 1 Pink Research Where are we?
you know the streets of london you know where it is
Roland Kerr College
Why are you here?
The door is open and the cleaner is cleaning
There 's one thing about driving a taxi, you know there 's no secluded place for murder.
I really don 't understand why my peers don 't try
The most unforgettable thing for us is seeing the most powerful scene in the pilot episode completely portraying the real world
Blending in with the character
ok chasing the taxi
- I 'll just say you 're psychogenic - I know yeah
But you still got shot
Oh to the shoulders
If you put the protagonists in the twilight with their backs against a Victorian wall, you can 't tell that this is the new version
Now our keynote is to show every scene that this is a modern-day Sherlock Holmes, and that 's where the power of this show is and where the surprise comes from
Baker Street 2 2 1 B
Baker Street 221B is world famous so it was really exciting to be on set for the first time 'This is his home in the 21st century'
this place is really nice
Everyone 's in high spirits for the interior of 2 2 1 B Baker Street because we don 't want gas lights like we said

this is contemporary this is today
But at the same time you have to take care of those hardcore Sherlock Holmes fans not to go too far
Not to mention that Sherlock is still the unexpected character no matter what era he 's in. His place doesn 't
You know too rustic or too modern
So these are yours . . .
Apparently I can clean them up
It is very difficult to grasp the heat of 2 2 1 B
You 're often too eager to show a mess and discover 'all their belongings'
'It 's all spread out and thrown all over the place, which is a bit over the top.'
it has to be like a place where two young people live
When you modernize it it 's almost half Baker Street as we know it, half 'Oolong Roommate' (BBC comedy) because that 's the truth
A couple cohabiting in the same room stuffed horrible stuff into the fridge
beheaded
- i want tea thanks - no head in the fridge
- uh- it 's head feed
Where else can I put it? You don 't mind, do you?
We love those shots on the Baker Street set
i love its design its comfortable
Not only beautiful, but also a sense of history.
You will feel . . . . . . because the layout is so good
Nice decor and design that puts you in a 150 year old apartment
It 's an amazing thing when you 're rewriting a story that already exists in a world that people are familiar with, you have to have your own set of standards


We want . . . unopened letters with pocket knives in the fireplace
Something amazing happened on the first day of filming
We were setting things up for the set and I suddenly saw that painting was there
in the original novel
Dr. Watson has a picture of Henry Ward Beecher 's Frameless Portrait (American Pastor Speaker)
This is not Henry Ward Beecher, but what a coincidence
The props group also put a frameless portrait here
I said 'don 't touch it, it inadvertently pays homage to the original'

Apparently the kitchen over there was completely converted into his laboratory by Sherlock, and we had a lot of microscopes and test tubes and stuff like that.
Even if you open the butter box and find a severed finger, there is no sense of disobedience
His experiments seem to have a ubiquitous impact on the lives of others
I think it 's funny that they 're two separate entities, roommates, but Sherlock 's interests and obsessions cover the house like moss
Sherlock see how messy you are
The play 's soundtrack
Today we recorded the soundtrack for the first episode
David and Michael have the basic tunes ready now let 's add the strings

I think the first thing to do is to create a core theme that defines its personality
How did David Arnold 's composition fit this personality into the film and the characters themselves?
So we talked with Steven Sue and Mark and I and Michael tried to come to an agreement
What is the tone that defines the show?
Come again, the first three measures and eight beats
Rebeat from the first measure
The composition was me and David Arnold, but the whole team was great Michael P rice, the assistant, the programming, the orchestrator
A lot of people went to great lengths to make sure everything was done and flawless when we actually recorded
So for the performers . . .
Their time is too precious and we can make a quick fix

Let 's start with the 3rd beat of measure 43
I think it 's the soundtrack itself that ties everything together
And it is the last match, which can be very objective
But it totally highlights the plot or style
It 's got to be audible and not steal the show, except for those really close moments when you really want to hear the soundtrack
I think they create a lot of these moments

you know what you want i think sometimes
A truly expressive concert that gives you a wonderful sense of satisfaction
If your emotions run high, you 'll feel like you 're traveling with music
Is it going well?
Thank you for speeding up
The way to compose the music for the play is
We pre-synthesized some sound effects, but I guess it 's only in the hands of real players that the music has a life and a certain personality
That 's why I 'm in favor of all the soundtracks being played by real people, whether it 's TV animation or movie
The notes on paper are fine too, but in the end it 's not just about having someone actually play it and it 's not just what makes the music so different
It can also change your perception of the show itself.

You want the music to speak for itself and you want your work to be clear and easy to play and infectious But occasionally you can

Sometimes we just turn on the screen and say
'It 's this one, it 's over here'
And they said 'Oh oh see why you didn 't say it earlier'
It 's a wonderful flesh and blood thing
To be continued ?
The exciting thing about Sherlock Holmes is that a lot of the development of the story is already in the original book because in a sense we have faithfully
Added many original elements but reflected in new ways
What would a modern Baskerville Hound be?
What would a modern version of a speckled strap be?
You will ponder while reading the original while renovating
'What will the haunted house be changed to?'
Haunted houses are a timeless element of Sherlock Holmes stories but what would a modern haunted house look like?

All those events and things that were never shown in the book
Watson was married for a long time in the original book
do we want too? we can
Get John married and let him live off Baker Street
How much can this be
Awaiting us in the future If you are familiar with Sherlock Holmes you will also wonder 'How do they deal with that?'
- = = h t t p : / / w w w . r a g b e a r . c o m = = -
