Two years later someone knocks on the door
When I opened the door, I found a snail at the door saying, 'What kind of plane are you doing?'

i don 't understand
A snail took two years

It does not matter

can i ask you a question
Of course
How do you think it will develop?
Honestly, I was thinking of at least going to second base
you are so funny
like a talk show comedian
Jewish comedian fresh enough
In fact, most of them are Jews
no i just said . . . forget it
Howard this is our third date and we all know what that means
Yes ?
have sex
just kidding
But I need to know if you want a relationship or a one night stand
Let 's make it clear that there is only one correct answer, right?
It 's not like you can order chicken and fish on the plane?
You probably need time to think about it
It is not uncommon for a one-night stand to develop into a relationship
Call me when you figure it out
Three dates mean sex ?
ghost know?

ok guys
little sister
Back so early for a date ?
Falling in love is like being in the entertainment industry to give them some thought
what does that mean ?
He was struck out





Season 3 Episode 9
Have you heard that dating the same woman three times means having sex?
I 've never dated the same woman three times
P enny and I spent two years now thinking about it like three dates
ok did she mention to you to confirm the relationship before you got to Penny?
Without her, she has always reserved flexible options
I have something to announce but out of respect
I 'll wait until you finish this conversation
What are you guys talking about? Cultural norms for sex after three dates

I understand whether we are talking about social 'date' or 'dry dates' (two meanings of dete )
Don 't say what are you going to announce?
Well it 's my turn and it 's very exciting I wish you were the first to know

Cooper, I heard you 're going to be on Science Friday 's Ira Flatow next week.
Thank you K ripke for taking away my right to announce my news to my friends
you are welcome
i don 't really thank you
I really don 't need to thank you for asking you a question, when will NPR take a second place in inviting guests?

no answer is rhetorical
Why are you a stupid pig?
also a rhetorical question
sorry to make you hear this
Are you really going to be on national radio? They 're going to call my office to interview about the recent discovery of magnetic monopoles in so-called spin ice.
It was the week of vows and they 're going to boost the ratings with a little controversy
great congratulations
Thank you my mom too excited she 's calling a bible study to tune in and pray collectively for my soul

I 've been on it once too and I 'm connected to New Delhi Hot 104 and was the 4th to say that nice thing
" 火 热 1 0 4 , a a j k e   n a y e   a c c h h a   s a n g e e t k a   g h a r . "
Means 'Hot 104 Home of the Best Modern Music'
better in hindi
Okay, here are the talking points for tomorrow 's interview
I want to make sure it 's simple enough for low-literate audiences to understand
Howard take a look and tell me what I don 't understand
Excuse me, I have a master 's degree in engineering from MIT
144 graduate studies and an original dissertation are required to obtain
Yes
After reading it, tell me what you don 't understand
You 'd better not do it or we 'll lose face

hi guys
Raj tell me
sorry i teased you
Why didn 't Howard call Bernadette?
what did she say?
She said you haven 't been in touch for a week
I thought you liked her, yes, but she wants to confirm the relationship I 'm not sure if she 's my type

She agreed to date you for free what more do you want
Listening to Bernadette is very, very good I 'm always trying to confirm a relationship
won 't be with this guy
Which one?
Transformers-faced Megan Fox kind of
Or the Katee Sackhoff in 'Battlestar Galactica'
Are you on drugs?
You have a better chance with the third-wife Martian prostitute in 'Devil 's Story'
Okay, it 's not realistic
That movie was 20 years ago, right?
What did you say that thing had to sag?
Howard You 're pushing a good girl like Bernadette away because you 're living a ridiculous fantasy?
Hey, don 't think I 'm going to do this just because you 've made do with it
please sit here hey i didn 't make do with leonard
Obviously I don 't date people like him very often
Physically
I 'm here again
I want to say that I don 't judge people by their appearance
I care about a person 's inner
I 'm still here, can you see me?
hey i also pay attention to the inner but want to pack the inner what 's wrong ?
Like yummy caramel Halle B erry ? yeah you 're yummy caramel too
I tell you why it 's wrong
- Excuse me, may I interject? - What?
From a biological point of view, it is absolutely reasonable for Howard to find the best mate for genetic reproduction.

Thank you S heldon and is reproduction good for mankind
completely different
I 'm I ra F latow You 're listening to NPR 's Science Friday
We 're on the phone at our Pasadena, California office with Dr. Sheldon Cooper
Oh the riot is about to start

Thank you for visiting Dr. Cooper
I 'm honored I ra then let 's talk about magnetic monopole
Can you explain to the audience what unipolar is?
Of course, first of all, think about ordinary magnets. Even the uneducated listeners should know that there are two poles.
North and South Pole
If you cut it in half, you get small magnets with north and south poles
There seems to be a problem with Dr. Cooper 's connection
no i can hear it clearly
I just said that ordinary magnets have two poles
The primary feature of unipolar is that it has only one pole, so it is called unipolar
String theory, or what you might call M-theory, requires this unipolar existence
I once led an expedition to the Arctic Circle looking for this particle
K ripke I found the exhaust! I 'm going to kill you!

I 'm glad you were with me tonight
you still look so cute
Thank you Howard
Always happy to be involved in your masturbation fantasies
Please, Katee, don 't be so rude
I 'm sorry it 's a classy thing to play with myself in the bathtub
thanks
So let 's get started?

Okay, but can I ask a question first?
You want to play Therons and the colonists ?
In no mood
I wonder why you play fantasy dates with me instead of going out with real women
you mean Bernadette?
no i said princess leia
Of course Bernadette she 's great and really likes you
I know she 's not you
I am not me
Really I 'm dating tall, handsome and rich men in Beverly Hills

Really? Tall?
1 9 3 The point is you have a great girl in your life and you are ignoring her
Just for fantasies and a towel to spend the night in the tub

Howard! What are you doing in there?
I 'm taking a bath!
I hope you 're really just taking a bath!
We share a bath!
Don 't remind me!
disgusting
Full of bubbles, nowhere to go


How 's it going buddy?
I was humiliated on national radio
How do you say I am?
ok it 's not that bad
what do you want to do ?
On behalf of the Lollipop Association, we welcome the Dwarf Country (Song in The Wizard of Oz)

K ripke played a joke on you
Is not funny
i think it 's funny
R a j
you laughed too
You smiled ?
I also fell to the ground
He tricked you, you can fight back
I don 't want to fall to his level
You can 't fall down
With so much helium, you should be glad you didn 't . . . float away

Did you admit defeat?
I never admit defeat
Okay
But as an aside, I 'm never going to get out of this bed again.
What if you could make Kripke more stupid than you?
I don 't see any drama
I 'm not here to help, I 'm here to laugh at his S heldon all you have to do is find a way to get revenge on K ripke
It 's like the Joker took revenge on Batman and put him in Forrest Gump
Yeah he wasn 't there to complain to the other lunatics
He escaped and poisoned Gotham 's water



Looks like I could poison K ripke
no no
It 's a piece of cake. There 's a lot of toxic chemicals that can 't be found at an autopsy. That 's right, but we 've got to go back to the revenge that doesn 't cost human lives.

How about putting a fart pad on his office chair?
As soon as he sits down it sounds like he 's farting even though he doesn 't have gas.
Let 's think again

oops you 're late
S carlett johansson and Wonder Woman were just hanging around here looking for psychiatrist and Chen Shimei
I 'm here to talk to Bernadette about her going to work today, right?
but I don 't think she wants to see you
Why don 't you want to ?
Come on, Howard, you hurt people 's feelings by not calling for a week.
I seem to have broken you down a bit.
hello howard
wait Bernadette I want to talk to you
If it 's not right now, I 'll just drop off at work.
You asked me to think about our relationship, I thought about it
B e r n a d e t t e ?

will you marry me ?
Are you funny again? I don 't understand
no i 'm serious
There will never be another girl who loves me and is... real like you

not kidding ?
no then you are crazy
I still feel like I 'm a maverick
Howard we 've only dated three times
We haven 't done what we love
Are you talking about when do you rest?

Can you not get upset when this happens?
Okay, how about revenge like this?
Hydrogen peroxide and saturated potassium iodide
what is this ?
Mountain Dew
ah cool now we add the reagent and the normal detergent together to cause a little oxygen exotherm



bubble revenge
Right too right too talented S heldon
How would this fit into Kripke 's office?
it 's done
Watch it, here 's a live feed from my Ann 's mini webcam from Kripke 's lab
Credit to the dollar I put down discreetly in the pocket of the night guard 's shirt
And I put a lot of these chemicals in the ceiling of his office
S heldon you remind me of young Lex Luthor (Superman Enemy)



Thank you sir, let me guess that you used a motion sensor?
That 's right, as soon as Kripke walks into the middle of the room, a reaction is triggered
bahaha
I have to say I was shocked by you
It 's really the accounting method of Sheldon Cooper
It may be a bit low-tech, but I still believe that fart pads are fun

Kripke appeared!
Who is with him?
I think that 's the headmaster
And the school administrators are terminated! Terminated!
How can you not have a 'termination' without a 'termination' ?
Is my head shell broken?

I think the board is very pleased with the proper use of our defence funds, Chancellor Seibert
This has a micro-controlled plasma . . .


Looks like the Ganges on laundry day
At least they didn 't know it was you
hello kripke
This classic prank is brought to you by the evil wit of Sheldon Cooper If you want to look back on your stupidity, the footage has been uploaded instantly to You Tube

Also thanks to Leonard H ofstadter and R aj K oothrappali
Your support and encouragement in this cause

I 'm going back to India, what are your plans?

Here 's a tip for you at table 7
Thanks
try wheat hey hey
What is this for?
Do you want me to throw him out?
it 's okay
Are you sure? He 's not strong
I 'm sure I can carry him and throw a strong and beautiful arc
I want to dedicate this song to a good girl I have let down
B e r n a d e t t e
I 'm sorry to propose to you
B ernadette you got goosebumps
But that 's my nature
I know it 's too early to say love
That 's just a crazy idea that popped into my head in the bathtub
But Bernadette give me another chance, sweet Bernadette
Lovely Bernadette I 'll get my hands dirty on 'romance'
I dream of kissing your lips again lovely Bernadette
Your sincere Howard Wolowitz
B e r n a d e t t e . . .
i 'm so sorry
Are you funny?
No one has ever done such a romantic thing for me
B e r n a d e t t e !
Thank you Cheesecake Workshop!
Season 3 Episode 9 Ended
