Is there a problem ?
This is the worst puff pastry I 've ever eaten
(C obbler also means cobbler) It tastes like it 's made with real cobblers ground into powder
well said
A pun on 'C obbler'
Hey guys guess who I found at the airport?
- my sister P riya - sorry I object
You asked us to guess but didn 't give me enough time
And all I want to say is your sister Priya
Oh Sheldon, you haven 't changed at all
Why should I change?
The masses have always expected you to obey the will of the people
(A satire on Obama 's 'C hange') What kind of wind blows you back to Los Angeles, then, Priya?
I 'm going to Toronto for a day
- There is a case of corporate mergers - can you believe it?
Little Priya is now the chief defense attorney for India 's largest car company
Given that the last time we met her, she was about to finish law school and wanted to do an internship at a major Indian auto company, which is plausible.
Your opinion ratings are falling
I really want to have a good chat with you guys, but I really have to go to the bathroom first
I 'll go too, I 'll take you there
Well, I don 't need to go into details, but I 'll say it anyway
You are not allowed to touch my sister
How could I touch her? She 's covered in airplane germs
I didn 't talk to you, I told him
I have a girlfriend now
Oh come on, your sister is hotter than your girlfriend, you can see it yourself
Let 's just assume they 're just as spicy
Bah, you 're talking about my sister!
Let 's stop fighting
When Priya first came to L.A., Leonard and I made a deal for our friendship and for you we both promised not to seduce her
Did you pull the hook and hang yourself?
pulled
okay then
cobbler i still find it funny
Really nice to see you again Leonard
well i 'm happy too
- right here - thanks

Nobody -= Eden Subtitles Station http://ytet.org/=- honored
Translation: 1/20,000 Xia Sheng JTF an A Gong M andita Mu Zilue Proofreading: A Gong Season 4 Episode 6

What program have you arranged for your sister?
Oh, it 's nothing, just go out and hang around
I always tell people that if you 're only in LA for one day, you have to have a train day
train day ?
The first thing I came to for brunch at Carney 's Restaurant in Studio City was a hot dog stand transformed from a railroad dining car.
Next stop is the tourist town which has an outdoor train museum with 43 types of railway locomotive trains and others from the 1880s to the 1930s
Finally, the glitzy Hollywood dinner is right here at Carney 's in Hollywood, a hot dog stand transformed from the 'other' railroad food truck.
we don 't go
Obviously you 're a slut.
Priya hasn 't come back yet?
It 's normal too
Woman, man, squatting, standing
What are we talking about?
- what program do i have for Priya - he doesn 't want to have a train day
Did you highlight the hot dog stand that was transformed from two different railroad dining cars?
make it clear
Then he 's a jerk.
That 's what I said!
Okay so... what 's new with you guys?
- I have a girlfriend now- hey okay!
Yeah, I think it 's better to tell you first so I don 't inadvertently stir up your desires
Satisfied?
Priya Then what are you going to do?
I don 't know it 's only one day
Do you like trains?
don 't like it
Then go to the airport and wait for the plane.
'You are in a wood'
'To the west is a piece of quicksand and to the east there is a path'
go east
'An iron door stands in front of you'
Open Sesame
'Door is locked'
so be it
It 's so late and you still don 't sleep?
I found a site that lets you play text games from the 1980s
- Silly handsome- isn 't it?
Playing this game requires the highest-end graphics card in the world: Imagination
you can 't stay home
go north
'This road doesn 't work'
go west
'Kill an Ogre Halfway'
ok fasten your seat belt
kill the ogre
'Use what?' with a sword
'Where did the sword come from?'
Oh, my mother, it 's so immersive
Raj finally fell asleep
S heldon hasn 't slept yet
You said he would go to bed at 9 o 'clock
Normally so but he played an online game . . .
Hit him with an axe! Hit him with an axe! Hit him with an axe!
Fucking this ogre is too hard
Can you get him?
Impossible based on past experience
L eonard I 'm in quicksand, the axe is too heavy
- threw the axe - threw the axe wisely !
Hold on
- S heldon - wait a minute
I 'm looking for a way to get a bucket to hold the dirt from the dragon.
S heldon, you have to go to work tomorrow
- Got it! - Then go to sleep
five more minutes
Are you sure ?
There is a seminar on thermodynamic fluctuations tomorrow.
Do you know the consequences of yawning in public?
Everyone will see my deformed little tongue
Do you really want this?
do not want
But it 's so shameless that this society laughs at the deformed little tongue
Who just knocked on the door?
Building management
They 're going to fix the water pipes tomorrow, noon to 2pm tomorrow
It 's too much. This kind of thing should be notified in writing.
It doesn 't matter, we were working at that time.
What if I spill the tomato soup and have to go home to change my clothes? When I get home, I find that there is no water to soak the laundry enzymes?
Forked little tongue Oh Sheldon!
I 'll have chicken noodle tomorrow. Good night!
we have to be absolutely quiet
I know how to get the bucket!
Just turn the axe upside down and use the axe handle to hook it.
come on dear
go north
'You are in a wood'
go north
'You are in a wood'
go north
'You 're in the woods' and you got lost
Come back tomorrow
No no no! Just draw a map if you took the wrong turn
I 'll give you a hand. You walked to the creek and walked north three times, right?
- Right- ok no luck good luck to you

Leonard got up
- Huh? What. . . sorry- sorry for what?
I didn 't know it was my instinct after having sex with a woman

It 's 6 o 'clock and I 'm going back before Raj wakes up
yes yes
Wish you could stay a few more days
Yes, me too
I was thinking there are many good institutes in India too
What do you want to say Leonard ?
I mean I don 't have any qualms here. If I move to New Delhi maybe we can . . . have a little meeting
Leonard we discussed this 5 years ago
Yes, but things are changing
You see we 're all grown up, see I don 't need comic book hero sheets anymore
Honey here we do call a lot but that doesn 't mean I want to formally associate with you
Is it ?
And I can 't take white guys to meet my parents
They will be shocked (eat a cow)
That 's awesome in India
I 'm not that white
My great-great-grandmother was half Cherokee ( North American Indian tribe )
I know it 's a bit of a copycat, but it 's still an Indian (Indian and Indian are the same word)
you are so funny
L e o n a r d ?   L e o n a r d ?   L e o n a r d ?
- What 's wrong? - I heard the woman 's laughter
Oh, right
I 'm trying to see if I can smile like a woman
Oh, it 's so good to learn
I smell perfume
is an air freshener
Is that lipstick on your face and neck?
It 's a rash. I have a rash.
I sympathize deeply, but I 'm no stranger to those nasty little red spots caused by dermatitis
Do I need the corticosteroids in my lotion ointment set?
ok sounds good
ok i 'll be sure to find a salve to relieve the itching
Well he went to the toilet and walked
Do you prefer ointment or cream ?
- Cream - do you want anesthesia?
- no- really Leonard?
You can 't be a hero with dermatitis
all right
- Prescription or over-the-counter strength? - You decide
I think I have a jar of 09-year-old Shanghao Xiaohexiaoling
It is often used to treat inflamed hemorrhoids but is also effective on non-mucosal sites
this is not bad
Wise choice
hurry up
Come on
P r i y a ?
good morning S heldon
What a shame, Leonard, what a shame
I actually want to waste my last bit of good hemorrhoid cream on you
Are you happy today?
Do you really want to talk about this Leonard ?
- no- what do you want to talk about?
please don 't tell me about my sleepover with sister raj
finally come
What if someone asked?
no one will ask about that
Maybe but someone will ask me something else
for example ?
For example, 'Has Leonard betrayed a friend recently?'
Priya and I are both adults
i didn 't betray raj
You did betray but I 'm talking about Howard
- what did you say?
- April 12, 2005
B ob Big Boy Restaurant Toluca Lake
Raj introduced Priya to us for the first time
She loves the anti-Indian taste of the restaurant 's super burger
To protect your friendship, you hanged the hook with Howard and said none of you can chase her
The beef cheeseburger I had
Well I betrayed Howard
- And Raj - Well, there 's Raj
- and me - you?
Violating the overnight guest notification clause in the roommate agreement
ok i 'm a big badass
I 'm Vader the Dark Knight in Pasadena
You 're not tall enough to be Darth Vader
You 're an Ewok traitor at best
(Dwarven natives in 'Star Wars')
I mean Preya is gone and nobody knows it 's best
You mean you want me to keep it a secret?
- Yes - you know I can 't keep a secret
How do you know if you don 't try?
If I were Batman and you were Alfred (the housekeeper) you would keep this a secret, right?
How are you Batman?
Because Batman has secrets
- Alfred has a secret too- what 's the secret?
A lfred knows that Barbara Gordon is Batgirl
I just told Batman this, I can 't keep it a secret
Tack!
What ?
blah blah blah
Abbreviation for Dada Dada
I 'm busy S heldon
I know that 's why I use the abbreviation.
what are you doing
I 'm here to show you your excuse last night
What excuse?
You asked me to cover for you but you know
I 'm not very good at such unprepared panic, so I 've prepared a strict excuse for you
You couldn 't have spent the night with Priya last night because you were with other women
I 'm sure I regret it but who am I with?
It 's that funny and slutty Miss Maggie McGarry.
You met her at Luck Baldwin, the hottest Irish bar in Pasadena
Ma aggie spends the night in the bar with curly hair and dreams
'Leonard call me if you 're interested in sex'
" M a g g i e   M c G a r r y 敬 上 "
If anyone actually made this call, they 'd hear this
Good morning
This is Maggie McGarry 's phone
Please leave a message after a faint beep
How persuasive is it?
It 's not a real person talking
And this more solid pinch of Maggie 's shiny brunette
- where did you get it? - from the orangutan in the primate lab
Chimpanzees ?
No one 's gonna do a DNA test, Leonard
Seriously, you think too much
S heldon I don 't need any excuses
As long as you keep your mouth shut, no one will ask
thanks
don 't worry it 's alright
i doubt
Hey Leonard, can you tell Howard that my sister doesn 't like him at all?
Don 't mention it, R aj, how do I know who she is interested in or has been interested in or who she might be interested in in the future?
I have nothing to say about this conversation
Because I 'm also completely unaware of Priya 's male partner selection trends
Speaking of which, I 'm going to shut up again
Hey so what did you think of last night 's episode of 'Caprica'?
- I didn 't see- didn 't see ?
Then why did you go?
uh i 'm out
What 's on 'Caprica' ​​night?
Yeah I went out for a drink
Is it really you?
Where have you been ?
I went to . . .
Lucky Baldwin Bar
oh i heard about that place
Isn 't that the hottest Irish pub in Pasadena?
Yes
So did you meet anything good there, maybe a redhead waitress who likes to fuck
In fact I I I I . . I can 't go on
why can 't you say it well and true
sorry raj actually i was with priya last night
don 't listen to him
He hasn 't digested the whisky and pickled eggs from last night and is dizzy.
What are you doing with Priya?
I 'm sure they were busy having sex but more importantly would you think this story would be plausible if Leonard hadn 't given up halfway?
you slept with my sister ?
- Yes - how can you do this? We have an agreement
Sorry I thought 'she 's my sister'
It 's more important than your kid 's tick-off agreement.
I 'll interject in some parallel universe
Your friend is saying 'M aggie Mc Garry is such a nice name'
I admit maybe I 'm a bit over the top but please R aj your sister is all grown up to her I 'm a white chocolate forbidden fruit
Can 't believe this is a gross betrayal of my trust
Don 't listen to this will you feel better I gave her my heart but she stomped on it
How hard did she stamp?
very ruthless
ok i 'm fine
R aj i just wanted to say i will never betray your trust
I 'm not like Leonard I always respect you
real ?
then don 't tell Raj . . .
Is it disrespectful for you to drop his iPhone into the urinal?
Dude, I use that thing on my face!
I think the funniest time I betray Raj 's trust is when Howard tells him that foreigners have to give Americans gifts on Thanksgiving.
You didn 't give back the Snoopy ice shaver you gave you.
This is all a lie to me? I 've already wrapped this year 's gifts
As long as we keep breaking news about this betrayal for a month, Sheldon is mixing ground insects into Leonard 's food.
what wait a minute
This is not betrayal
This is an experiment to determine at what concentration the food tastes moth-like
You put moths in my meal?!
it 's for science
I can 't believe your moth-eaten mouth kissed my sister
I can 't believe you 've used a Sheldon toothbrush
Did you use my toothbrush?
I don 't use the hairy end I use the rubber end for picking teeth and massaging the gums
Okay I - I think it should be said that we 've all done some unspeakable things
But we are still friends
Friends will be tolerant of each other 's small shortcomings
Well and Howard I 'm sorry I broke our agreement
thanks
I 'm also sorry about the phone call and Thanksgiving
And having said that, you don 't have to help us do the laundry on Independence Day
Just apologize S heldon me - I 'm sorry I used your toothbrush
I 'm sorry too, but your actions have gone so far as to be unforgivable
We 'll break up
This Thanksgiving I bought you a talking Thomas the train
The one that really blows steam?
right
All right
But I 'll watch your performance
Hey you got the Snoopy ice maker out and make me a shave ice
no problem
This tastes so good, what flavor is it?
you guess
- papaya? - no
Guava ?
very close
I give up
mango caterpillar
What happened to you? !
Subtitles in this forum are only for translation and learning purposes. Any commercial use is prohibited. Otherwise, the consequences will be at your own risk- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - End of Genius Theory Season 4 Episode 6
you say you like it

