The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes
Season 2 Episode 6
last case
I just finished a short vacation in the spring of 1891
back to baker street
I haven 't seen Sherlock Holmes in a while
I read in the papers that he was invited by the French government to undertake a very important case
But I had no idea it would end so bloody Now it 's my responsibility
Facts about Professor Moriarty and Sherlock Holmes are made public for the first time
Ah, Mrs. Hudson, is Mr. Holmes back?
Oh he 's really back
He was back very early, maybe before 7 o 'clock 'Good morning Mrs. Hudson' he said
'What kind of breakfast did you prepare for me?'
It 's like he 's been here for four months
You can imagine how surprised I was at the time. I guess he went out again?
Yeah yeah he went out after breakfast
right after his visitor left
visitor ?
an older gentleman
They quarreled a few times. I don 't like the way he looks. I don 't like it at all.
His face was like . . . like a god 's punishment
Or should I say the devil
indeed
Should we open a bottle of good red wine?
To celebrate the return of Mr. Holmes? Why not? Very nice
Thank you Mrs Hudson
Then I learned that Holmes was threatened three times that day.
But while I was waiting for him to show up
Baker Street in my eyes is as safe as ever


Sherlock Holmes, you . . .
slow down


What 's up
Airsoft is actually a very special airsoft
Watson, please pretend you are alone in the room
Can you pull the blinds at will?


Watson, I think you know me well
I 'm not timid
But if you 're in danger and don 't admit the danger
That is courage

Damn it!
Watson, please give me a match
Sherlock Holmes, you 're injured and bruises are no big deal.


You look bad, Sherlock Holmes, I 've been exhausting myself lately.
I 've been a little bit tight lately. How tight is it?
It looks like I can 't go out until it 's dark
And probably have to escape the way I came
Luckily we still have time for the same about the last time we met
I owe you an explanation for my hurried departure. Can I take some notes?
This case . . .
This case . . . in criminal history
is unique
Gotta start with that cold morning earlier this year the last time I left Baker Street.
I don 't know where to go who the principal is
All I know is that the case is important and it happens abroad and my destination is the Louvre Museum in Paris
And my client is undoubtedly the French government.

The Louvre is undoubtedly the closest to the heart of France
The Sun King Louis XIV held a banquet here.
Napoleon Bonaparte is also here
Marrying the Princess of the Austrian Empire
Mary Louisa 's
Absolutely unforgettable history Today this gallery showcases the best works
Gentlemen, please cut to the chase
I guess the 'Mona Lisa' was stolen
I saw these two hooks and where the Mona Lisa was supposed to hang
It 's empty now . . . and this conversation and the gossip out there
Yeah, now I see the sensitivity of this thing
The Louvre is closed every Monday for routine maintenance
'Mona Lisa' not hanging in place
is undoubtedly thought to be because
she was placed in the studio
until a craftsman later that day
Picture frame found in small storage room under gallery
we were a month ago
Just put glass on the painting
We are afraid of being corroded by acid, as happened recently in
What 's so lucky about the Florence thing?
Two clear thumbprints

Many painters come here to make copies of paintings
This one seems perfect
Yes, this painter is especially talented. Copying famous works has made him a lot of money. I hope to meet him.



It 's easy to make a bad copy but make a great one
It takes years of practical experience. For example, the drawing board used by Leonardo da Vinci is made of Italian poplar wood.
very hard to find
It is almost impossible to mix the original colors
It 's a well thought out blend of pastel shades
. . . and his fine brushes
left handed
The delicate network structure of these cracks . . . are all left-directed cracks
This is the hardest
And you can do it?
How to do it ?
This is my secret
It seems to me almost
It 's a legal forgery, no no, because the size of these copies must be different from the original.
And who would buy my work as genuine The world knows the real 'Mona Lisa' is in the Louvre
But suppose the Mona Lisa is no longer in the Louvre, you must be joking, sir


Thankfully, the French police are on the fingerprints
Much more advanced than the British police, the great Bethian was in this matter (a famous French criminologist in the 19th century)
Make my pamphlet your bible
As I expected, the suspect was in the past
There was a little case against a Spaniard named Mendoza
This is your thief
It 's uncomfortable to look at
Mr. Holmes, France owes you a great deal
We haven 't caught the man, the most important thing is the painting, but we must arrest him immediately
He may have sold the painting long ago
no no gentlemen i believe
That painting is still in Mendoza 's hands. He 's just a kid in a bigger game. The theft was done by a criminal wizard.
Careful planning for months or even years
But what career criminal would want to have a 'Mona Lisa'? It 's crazy
And he can 't sell I believe this criminal wizard
Not interested in the real thing
As long as he can sell the fake for the same price as the real thing, gentlemen, we need to be alarmed in Mendoza
Let him move with us
Come to the center of the mystery
How to do ?
First we have to tell the world
The painting was stolen
Oh but that would cause a big scandal
The Minister and I will both . . .
Minister please allow me to explain
The statement reads:
In view of the outstanding and tireless efforts of you and the Minister
The culprit is about to be arrested
Mr. Holmes, we must arrest him now
Not yet





Right now !
Sherlock Holmes, I understand that after reclaiming the original
No matter how good the fake
Thieves can 't sell paintings
But do you have any clues on who 's behind the whole conspiracy? I 'm glad I recognized it
One of Professor Moriarty 's minions
Moriarty ?



Note the incredible three-dimensionality of the portrait
slender hand
tone
And this smile, as Walter Pate put it, 'she looked down from above (British art critic)
Eyelids show a bit of tiredness'
No one can draw so talented except Leonardo da Vinci
such an outstanding work
And sir, please look carefully at the painting
Leonardo 's signature on the top and the brushwork of the painting
Brushstrokes and finesse
Excuse me, I have to say without a doubt

Most people in the art world think that
This is the most outstanding portrait in the world





I am very sorry to tell you sir
This painting is no longer for sale
i don 't understand professor
Is it because of the price?
listen i can reconsider
How about I pay four million pounds
I 'm sorry Mr Walker
This painting is no longer for sale
hey what 's up with you guys
don 't touch me you liar
Luckily you didn 't sell it to me
That damned Sherlock Holmes got the real thing back
These paintings are useless
destroy them
burn it all
Do it yourself
don 't let others see you
Professor Moriarty





I have to congratulate you that Sherlock Holmes deserves such an honor. It 's no big deal.
Basically this case is solved. I heard you had a visitor this morning.
Ow! ! !
I went back to Baker Street
In less than half an hour . . .
But you can 't go up sir!


your forehead is not like
As developed as I imagined
fiddling with the loaded pistol in the pajama pocket
is a dangerous habit



you obviously don 't know me
On the contrary I think I know you very well
If you have something to say, I can give you five minutes
You already know everything I have to say

Then it 's very likely that you already know my answer. Are you unwilling to give in?

you are frustrated
My french coin plan means you 're the head of the redhead
A well-designed and effective idea
It 's an honor to receive such a high rating from you
January 4th you hindered me
You caused me a lot of trouble in mid-February and at the end of March
You totally ruined my plan and because of this business in France I found out
Because of your constant persecution you pushed me to the brink of losing my freedom
Things are unbearable
do you have any plans
you must stop mr holmes
You know you 're gonna get it
Will understand that there can only be one end to this kind of thing and that is you have to stop
If you screw things up there 's only one way we 'll see you mess things up like this
It 's an intellectual pleasure for me
But I have to honestly say that it would be distressing if I was forced to take any extreme measures
oh you laugh sir
But I assure you it 's true
Dangerous in our business is inevitable
it 's not dangerous
but the inevitable destruction that you are blocking more than one person
but a strong organization
Even if you are smart, you can 't realize
The strength of this organization, you have to stand aside Mr. Holmes or you 'll be trampled to death, I 'm afraid we 're talking too much.
I almost put it elsewhere
Important business was delayed
It 's a pity
But I 've tried my best


It 's a life-or-death duel Mr. Holmes
you want to put me in the dock
you 're gonna beat me
If you 're smart enough to destroy me
Don 't worry, you 'll die with me
you flatter me
Mr. Moriarty
let me say thank you
If I can guarantee the destruction of you, then for the benefit of society, even if I die with you, I am willing to do so
I promised to die with you but you didn 't destroy me



He 's the Napoleon Watson of crime
Over the years I have tried my best to uncover the dark side he was hiding
I finally got the clue
Stalking to Moriarty
And now everything is waiting to be closed
As long as he doesn 't end your words first


The time is ripe by next Monday
the professor and his main henchmen
All in the hands of the police
Then there will be the biggest trial of a criminal in this century
Find out more than 40 unsolved mysteries and sentence them all to hang
the remaining days
I 'd better leave this place for Miao Huasheng if you can come with me
Would be great to take a trip to the Continent Continent? Of course I 'd love to Sherlock Holmes but where?
anywhere
I do not mind
OK, but shouldn 't we arrest Professor Moriarty first? I think this room is under siege
It also reminded me that I have to leave
you don 't stay overnight ?
No, I 'll be in danger for you by spending the night here
I 'll go out the way I came with my brother Mycroft
Find a hiding place and we leave early tomorrow morning ?
oh yes much needed
Then these are the instructions for you I beg you
Must be strictly followed
Watson we are
With the most powerful criminal group in Europe
fight to the death
No matter what kind of luggage
Don 't write where to send it. Send a reliable person to Victoria Station tonight. Ask Mrs. Hudson to hire a carriage.
but told her not to
Hire the first or second wagon to do business
Take the carriage to the end of the Strand on Lowther Street and give the address to the coachman with a note
But let him not drop the note


Pay the fare in advance and wait for the carriage to stop
cross the street right now
Arrived at the other end of the street at a quarter past nine on time
You 'll see a wagon waiting in the street
The driver wears a dark black cloak
Red trim on the collar
You 're in the car and you 'll be at Victoria Station in time for the express train to continental Europe


Excuse me sir do you speak italian
No, I will not
I 'm looking for the gentleman who booked this carriage
didn 't see him sir
If you are going to travel, please get in the car

My dear Watson, you have not yet condescended to say good morning to me


gosh sherlock holmes you scared me to death
Caution is still necessary





I don 't do well Watson


I found this express train and steamer
So I think we 've managed to get rid of Moriarty
what will he do after
He does what I can do
book a car
But it 's too late, you can check the timetable
This car is going to be parked in Canterbury and then at the marina Moriarty will be there to catch us
God, other people think we are criminals
Why don 't we arrest him first when he comes
We can catch the big fish, but the little fish will run off the net and escape
No, no one else will hide
so what should I do now
We got off at Canterbury Station
But Sherlock Holmes our luggage . . . we gotta leave something for Moriarty to track down
What are we going to do after that? We 're on a cross-country trip here. The Sherlock Holmes timetable is full of information.
At Ashford Junction we can take the 1 o 'clock local train to Hastings
Then board the dear London-Brighton South Coast train
Bexhill to Lewis nonstop and then to New Haven
Board the night steamer to Vienna
I think we can also have an early lunch
So fast


Our friends have limited intelligence after all
Now Watson we have to go
Buy two felt sleeping bags for encouragement
Sleeping bag dealers in countries along the way
Then pass brussels at ease
Luxembourg to Switzerland trip . . . as Sherlock Holmes expected
We were in Brussels for two days
Then set off freely to the southeast
A pleasant week in the Alps





what do you say?





Ah, nothing beats a glass of wine in origin

All members have been arrested only Moriarty escaped
Signed by Mycroft
he slipped away
I think you 're better off
back to england for watson
why
'Cause it 's dangerous for you to be with me now
Moriarty will do his best
Get my revenge if I have a company . . .
will you chase me away
Not only have I already told you why
We have been involved many times together
This time is especially dangerous
I won 't leave your Sherlock Holmes
I 've never been to Switzerland unless you drive me away
But the beautiful scenery here reminds me of
border provinces of northwest india
Although the surrounding scenery is beautiful and charming
But I know
Sherlock Holmes never forgot
The shadow that hangs over him




He looked vigilantly at everyone who passed by us
I see from this that he is convinced
wherever we go
are at risk of being stalked


what happened
what did you see
no no
Time to hit the road
Hans, we should go
Finally we came to the heart of Bonis and settled in a small town in Buylingen, run by Peter Styles Sr.
in the british hotel

hmm styler ?





The way over the mountains to Rosenroy is beautiful
You can spend the night there and come back the next day but you can 't miss it
Reichenbach Falls is just a little detour
uh right here





It 's a really sinister place
melting snow into rapids
pouring into the abyss, splashing high
Like smoke from a house fire
Sir Dr Watson
Sir Dr Watson
What 's up
Mr. Stell asked me to turn this over to you
very urgent
Seems like it wasn 't long before we left
A British woman came to visit friends in Lucerne
She suddenly coughed up blood
It 's tuberculosis, obviously
She 's life-threatening, it would be reassuring to have a British doctor present.
I 'm afraid I 'll have to go back to Sherlock Holmes, of course.
Styler suggested this young man be your guide to accompany you to Rosenroy. I 'll follow you later.
very good
Hey !
Hope she doesn 't get worse
what ?
did you not write this letter
There isn 't a sick English woman in the hotel ?
No but it has the stamp of the hotel on it
Oh it must have been written by the tall Englishman
He came here after you left and he said . . .




see this trekking pole
makes me shudder
He didn 't get to Rosenroy
I 'm blown away by this
Stand for a minute or two to calm yourself down and start thinking of the Sherlock Holmes method
try to use it to find out the truth sherlock holmes
Sherlock Holmes
Sherlock Holmes

My dear Watson, by the kindness of Mr. Moriarty
I wrote these lines of letters
He is waiting between us
Final discussion on existing issues
Thinking of getting rid of it for the society
I 'm happy because of the scourge of his presence
Although this may give
my friends especially you
my dear watson
bring sorrow
you know my life
critical moment
There 's nothing like this for me
I 'm more satisfied
Of course if I 'm completely honest with you
I know that letter
is a scam
before leaving the UK
I have dealt with the thin production
and entrusted to my brother Mycroft
goodbye good luck
my friend
your loyal sherlock holmes
In this case, there is no doubt that the result can only be a scuffle between the two
what !



I take the pen with a heavy heart
write this last case
remember my friend
The genius of Mr. Sherlock Holmes
i will always see him
all that I know
The best and the wisest
