0 0 : 0 0 : 0 1 , 4 0 0 - -&gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 0 3 , 4 2 0 Gotta stop them this time. They  ' vegottostoptheminthis series.
D a m n   i t !
-   C o m e   o n !
The Holy Trinity in Texas is God In T exas , the H oly Trinityis God , football and barbecue football and barbeque ,
The order can be interchanged notnecessarily in thatto rder . It doesn 't matter who wins or loses and I win after handicap I don  ' tcareifyouwin , justcoverthedamnsprea d .

Mom, have you started betting again M om , areyoubettingagain ? No No . The fans are on pins and needles . . . fansontheirfeet ,
Hope the team will start the defense tryingtourgethedefens eon .
In football, the offensive team has 4 offensive opportunities. Punting is a common tactic. The fourth attack is Fourthdown.
Gotta punt Gottapun.
Must have Gotta. Statistically, always punting on fourth down
Punting is kicking the ball far away. Although the ball is also transferred to the opponent, the opponent must start the attack from a farther place. It is very unreasonable makesnosense.
Statistically , you  ' readumbass . When Texas A&amp;M University Team When A ggiesgiveuptheball is attacked at their own five-yard line ontheirownfive - yardline ,
The opposing team has a 9 2 % chance of scoring theopposingteamhasa 9 2 % chanceofscoring . When they punt from deep in their own field, the opposing team still has a 7 7 % chance of scoring theotherteamstillhasa 7 7 % chanceofscoring .
But they have a 50 % chance of getting 4 more chances if they keep attacking Butsincetheyconvertonf ourthdown 50 % of thetime , so the calculations show they shouldn 't punt themathsaystheyshould neverpuntagain .
Okay, you secretly tell your mom O kay , youcantellme ,
Who is his real father who  ' shisrealdaddy ? Sheldon I played and coached all my life S heldon , I  'vebeenplayingandcoachingfootballallmylife
I don 't think you 're wrong I don 'tthinkyourmathisright.
Is it Really ?
you wait hangon
They would only be 6 points behind they  ' llonlybedownsixpoints .
Is it your dentist I sityourdentist ?
The little guy with the glasses T helittleguywiththegla sses ?
Don 't worry tell me the truth Youcantellme .
♪ No one in the world is stronger than me♪ ♪ No bodyelseisstrongerth an I am ♪
♪ Yesterday I moved a mountain ♪ ♪ Y esterday I movedamountain ♪
♪ I believe I can be your hero♪ ♪ I bet I couldbeyourhero ♪
♪ I 'm an amazing little guy ♪ ♪ I amamightylittleman ♪
♪ I 'm an amazing little guy ♪ ♪ I amamightylittleman ♪
juvenile
Shelton
tell you I 'm a little worried about my mom I gottotellyou , I  ' malittleworriedaboutm ymother .
She bet on these football games all day S hekeeps betting on these footballgames , then someday there might be an italian guy nextthingyouknow , there  ' san I talianfella
Come and drive her pickup off with herpick uptruck.
Do you think Sheldon is right? Youthink S heldon  ' sright ?
A boutwhat ? Punts and his calculations Thepuntingandthemath .

I believe I should thinkso .
Since he was six years old, our family has been paying taxes on He  ' sbeendoingourtaxessin cehe  ' ssixyearsold .
We have not been audited by the IRS We everbeenaudited .
This is T hat  ' s true .
He even helped us get our tax refund last year. Heevengotusthatniceref undlastyear.
Why didn 't Mom take me to school today Howcome M om  ' snottakingmetoschool ?
Because sometimes ' C auseonceinawhile ,
Your dad also wants to get along with you, yourdadwantstospendso metimewithyou.
My little Xie Zai M ylittle Shel - man .
But motherfucker has a back seat B ut M om  ' scarhasabackseat .
Statistically, I 'm safer sitting there. Statistically, I 'muchsaferthere.
I just wanted to talk to you about this data Hey , I  ' mgladyoubroughtupstatistically . What do you think you thinkthosenumbersyo utalkedaboutfor T exas A &amp; M about the Texas A&amp;M team data you said yesterday
Can it also be used on my team wouldapplytomy JV squad ?
There is no reason not to. I don  ' tseewhynot . The difference between mathematics and the former principal is that mathematics does not discriminate against people. Unlikeourformerprincip al , mathdoesn  ' tdiscriminate .
You wouldn 't want to use his advice, would you  ' renotthinkingabouttak inghisadvice , areyou ?
- none of your business - but he was wrong - N everyoumind .
-   B u t   h e ' s   w r o n g .
Everyone knows that the fourth offense should be punted E verybodyknowsyoupunto nfourthdown .
Because Because .
America is so great T hat  ' swhat makes this country great .
Many years later M anyyearslater , my brother also used the phrase mybrotherwouldusethis sameargument
Explain infrontofajudge to the judge . But he was convicted for urinating in the phone booth. Hewasstillconvictedforurinatinginaphonebooth.
靠   O h ,   d a m n   i t .
I 'm going to put the punter on the court I 'llsendinthepuntingteam .
Wait you wait Hangon . Hangon .
How What?
Continue to attack L et  ' sgoforit .
Why do we still have enough time? Why?
We gotplentyoftime . I know I still want to keep attacking I know .
S t i l l   w a n t   t o   g o   f o r   i t .
We 're on the 1 2 yard line and everyone knows we should punt We  ' reon the 1 2 - yardline .
E v e r y b o d y   k n o w   y o u   p u n t .
Who says everyone knows it 's right? Why hydoeseverybodyknowin gsomethingmakeitright?
But at our goal coach Butwe  ' reonthe 1 2 - yardline , C oach .
Coach let us continue to attack Okay, C oachsayswe 'regoingforit.
idiot brother S tupidbrother .
- what- all right- What ?
-   N o t h i n g .
The left breakthrough is ready to spread Powerleftjumboontwo , ontwo .
Ready , break ! Wolves chose to continue their attack in the fourth attack Andyour Wolvesaregoingforitonf ourthdown .
What the hell is a punt? What thehell?
P u n t !
Statistically, it 's better to continue attacking, they ' rebetteroffgoingforit.
- who said- my son- S ayswho ?
-   M y   l i t t l e   b o y .
That 's why everyone punts T hat  ' swhyeverybodypunts .
It 's just a head-scratcher T hatwasjustplainfoolis hness .
Your little boy is a genius Yourlittleboy  ' sarealgenius .
He is such a genius Well, actuallyheis.

Not it Comeon .
Too many fouls on the defensive sideT oomanymenonthefield , defense .
Replayfourthdown .
Thank goodness A h .
T h a n k   y o u ,   J e s u s .
Can I call the punter on the court Now , can I sendinthepuntteam ?

Coach C oach ?

They went on their attack again A ndthey  ' regoing for itagain .
What the hell puns What thehell?
P unt ! Remind me about the tax refund I got from the IRS .

Start Set .
H u t !
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go!
Go on Go!
W h o o !
Go, go, go!
G o!
Came to 3 0 yards line 2 0 yards 1 0 yards He  ' satthe 3 0 , the 2 0 , the 1 0 .
Touchdown, Wolves!
I never doubted your coach never doubted I neverhadanydoubt , Coach .
N e v e r   h a d   a n y   d o u b t .
It 's not so good to see Oh, booyah!
Y e s .
Good night baby Sweetdreams , baby .
Good night, GrandmaNight, Meemaw.
Can I do you a favor? Can I askyouafavor?
- Okay what - do you remember - Sure . What ? - Youknowthosestatistics
What data did you tell your dad thatyouweretalkingabo utwithyourdad ? Those data can also be applied . . . C ould . . . couldthatbeappliedto, say,
Like next week 's Cowboys vs. Packers game? Whomightwinthe Cowboys - Packersgamenextweek? Can you go into more detail like how many points a nd, more specifically, byhowmuch?
If I had enough data I should be able to give a reasonable guess I supposewithenoughdata I couldmakeareasonableg uess .
I don 't want to guess I want to be exact I don  ' twantaguess , I wanttoknow .
Mom said you can 't gamble M omsaidyou  ' renotsupposedtogamble .
Sleep , child !
- Mom - where is - Mom ?
-   I n   h e r e !
I 'll get you that data tomorrow I 'llgetthosenumberstoyo utomorrow.
To put him to sleep Justtuckinghimin .
I have something for you I got something for you .
It 's dirty. It 's dirty.
Because this is the game ball Well , that  ' s  ' causeit  ' sthegameball .
You deserve it because you helped us win the game. A ndyouearnedit,  'causeyouhelpeduswin. Okay but can you wash it first O kay, but canyouwashit?
Sheldon , yourdaddy  ' stellingyouhe  ' sproudofyou .
Well thank you dad I see .
T h a n k   y o u ,   D a d .
You 're welcome You  ' welcome .
But I still don 't touch it I 'mstillnevertouchingth at .
Go and clean him up L et  ' sgowipeitoff .

For the next five weeks Forthenextfiveweeks ,
I continued to help my dad apply the stats I continued to help myfath erapplystatistics to coach his team tocoachhisteam . No surprise the team kept winning No otsurprisingly , they continued towin ,
This made my status in the school skyrocket which changed my status n the school dramaticall y .
- Here he is - Sheldon - T hereheis!
- Yo , S heldon ! S hel - dog ! Mathman Mathman !
Little cutie Hey , cutie .
Simply a nightmare I twasanightmare .
H ugging , hairtousling , highfives .
My popularity is skyrocketing and my time in the air is longer A ndasmypopularitygrew , sodidmytimealoft .

I 'm looking for you everywhere Hey , I  ' vebeenlookingalloverf oryou .
Do you know how popular we are now D oyouknowhow popularwea re ? - are we - yes - We e ?
-   Y e a h .
I put the word out that I have stats to help you with rugby. I putthewordout I was helping youwiththef ootballstats.
They saw that I was Asian and believed A ndsince I  ' m A sian , theyboughtit .
You enjoy this feeling I am happy for you Well , I  ' mgladyou  ' reenjoyingit . Don 't you enjoy it You  ' renot ?
I was touched 8 2 times this afternoon .
What do you mean by 'touched' Whatdoyoumean , ' touched ' ?
Not inappropriately 'touching' Notinappropriately .
is joyfully Joyfully .
Passionately A ffectionately .
And a cheerleader hugged me into her chest A cheerleaderhuggedmeto herbosom .
It 's so cool T hat  ' samazing . I 'm not going to high five again Nomorehighfives .
I don 't want to keep washing my hands I can ' tkeepwashingmyhands.

Isn 't this my little assistant coach T here  ' smylittleassistantcoa ch .
hello dad hello , dad .
You haveanymore , uh , arithmeticideas any more calculated tips for next week  's game fornextweek  ' sgame ?
Yes but I want to finish my homework first I do , but I  ' mtryingtofinishmyhome work .

It looks complicated. Lookscomplicated.
This is advanced chemistry that is not complicated.
I t  ' snot . What are you doing What are you guys doing ?
Your brother and I are discussing your brother and I aregonnaknockaroundaf ewideas next week
Game play against the Freeport team for the Freeportgame .
Can I help C an I help ? Can I help run to my carActually , yeah .
R u n   o u t   t o   m y   t r u c k .
There is a pocket calculator in the front seat T here  ' salittle , uh , pocketcalculatoronmyf rontseat .
I have a present for you I gotyouapresent .
I think this can help you count Thoughtitmighthelpwith yourfiguring .
I don 't need a calculator, Dad, I 'm a calculator. I don  ' tneedacalculator , D ad .
I   a m   o n e .
Okay Sure .
Or go get it G ogetitanyway .
It  's solar - powered .
Can you imagine Can you imagine that ?

Little George whisper G eorgie , turnthatdown !
What What?


Take a look at your room and clean it up for me. An ndlookatthisroom.
Y ouneedtocleanthismess up. I 'll get to it later. I 'llgettoitlater.
No, you sort it out now No , you  ' llgettoitnow .
I don 't want I don 't feellikeit.
Go clean now whether you want to or not
My room is so annoying to you, so you come and clean My yroombothersyousomuch , youcleanit .

Enough you 've been grounded I heard T hat  ' sit !
Y o u   a r e   g r o u n d e d !
Y o u   h e a r   m e ? !
What 's going on Thehell?

My little pie T here  ' smylittle M oonpie .
Did you find time to help me watch this week 's gamesD idyougetachancetolook atthisweek  ' sgamesforme ?
- Not yet - You know there 's not much time left - No otyet . - Youunderstandthere  ' salittletimecrunchinv olved .
Grandma has some debts to pay back. Meemaw  ' sgotsomeoutstandinglo ans I needtopayback .
sorry but i have to finish my homework first i  ' msorry , i havetofinishmyhomework and then i have to help mydad .

Come on Comeon .
I am your dear grandma I  ' myourmeemaw .
I also make you cookies I makeyoucookies . How can we both benefit each other How  ' boutalittlequidproquo ?
Although I like your use of idioms, but not Asmuchas I enjoyyouruseof Latin , no .
Shelly should get ready for bed. Shelly, timetogetreadyforbed.
I haven 't finished it yet But I  ' mnotdone .
Don 't talk back to me little guyD on  ' tyousassme , too , youngman .
Brushyourteethandgetto bed .

I think your anger is a bit misplaced I thinkyourangermightbe alittlemisdirected .
Don 't you come to pick on me D on  ' tyoustartwithmeeither .
Look you 're still taking other people out of anger Now , see , you  ' restillshootin  ' wide .


Good evening Mrs Cooper G oodevening , Mr rs .
C ooper . Can I speak to S heldon ?
No you can 't No , you can  ' tspeak to S heldon .
It was late and he had gone to bed It  ' slate .
He  ' sinbed . I want to ask him if he wants to go to the party with me Oh .
I   w a s   h o p i n g   h e   m i g h t   l i k e   t o   g o   t o   a   p a r t y   w i t h   m e .
Has everyone gone crazy? Haseveryonelosttheirmi nd?
He 's still a kid Dan H e  ' salittleboy , Tam ! Good night Goodnight !
God, that mouth of yoursisama chineguntonight is like a machine gun tonight.

What are you doing Whatareyoudoing ?
try to calculate the dolphins next sunday
The odds of winning after the handicap coveringthespreadnext Sunday .
I like dolphins I like dolphins .
They use the hole in their head to talk Theytalkoutofthatholei ntheirhead.
Hello Hello .
Dan Tam ?

How are you here Whatareyoudoinghere?
Would you like to party with me W ouldyouliketogotoapar tywithme ?
I don 't want to party with anyone I don  ' twanttogotoapartywith anyone .
I would I would! Please Sheldon P lease, S heldon.
Just across the road I t  ' srightacross thestreet .
Take me in and you can come back to bed Just getmein , andyoucangobacktobed ​​.
I have to ask my mother I havetoaskmymom first.
She knows nothing about the party. She knows about the party.
Well then Allright , then .
Give me a minute to change my clothes I needaminutetochange .

- why are you wearing this - makes me look mature - W hyareyouwearingthat ?
-   I t   m a k e s   m e   l o o k   o l d e r .

Make it clear first and get you in Justsowe  ' reclear , onceyougetin ,
I went home I  ' mgoinghome .

Okay Sheldon Hey!
S h e l d o n !
What are you doing Whatareyoudoing?
Hey everyone, Sheldon 's here Hey, everybody, checkitout! S heldon  ' shere !

Hope the kids won 't be woken up by that party I hopethat doesn ' twakeupthekids.
Shall I go over there and say they should I gooverthere and say some thing ? I think it is necessary I thinkyoushould .
I just had a heart I wasbluffin '.
Don 't make me put my socks back on D on  ' tmakemeputmysocksback on .
Forget Nevermind .
Good night Goodnight .
Good night Goodnight .


I yelled at little George I feel so guilty I feelbadaboutyellingat G eorgie .
He should yell at Hedeservedit. You should yell at him Youhoulddoitmore.
I think he feels left out I thinkhe  ' sfeelingleftout
Because you and Sheldon are sticking together now that you and S heldonarespendingsomu chtimetogether .
Are you kidding me A reyoukiddin  ' me ?
It was you who kept telling me to find a common topic with Sheldon You  ' realwayssayingtofinds omething incommonwith S heldon . Now I found you and said I snubbed George Jr. A ndnowthat I have , you  ' retellingme I  ' mignoring G eorgie ?
I didn 't say that I 'm not saying that.
I just remind you I 'mjustremindingyou you have two sons thatyougottwosons.
I know I know .

I also have a daughter who should be with her more I alsogotadaughter I needtospendmoretimewi th .
Indeed Youdo .
But I 'm not worried about her But I wouldn 't tworryabouther.
She is a little angel S he  ' sanangel .








Sheldon Sheldon Sheldon S heldon ! S heldon ! S heldon !
- Put me down - Sheldon Sheldon - Putmedown ! - S heldon ! S heldon !
Put me down I said putmedown .
Put me down I don 't like this Putmedown!
I ' m   n o t   e n j o y i n g   t h i s !
Missy what are you doing here Missy , whatareyoudoinghere ?!
Indulgence what are you doing here again C uttin  ' loose .
W hatareyoudoinghere ? Slowly Slowly S lowly !
S lowly ! Slow down S lowly !
You came too, You, too?!
Hello little George Hello , Georgie !
You shouldn 't be here You 'renotsupposedtobehere.
You shouldn 't have come, you 've been grounded N eitherareyou!
Y o u ' r e   g r o u n d e d !
Let 's go Comeon.
You two take me home now Bothofyouaregoinghome .
N o w .
- thank goodness - don 't - O h , thankgoodness .
-   A w .
How did puberty affect you How  ' spubertytreating you ?
It made me grow up a lot Becauseitisknockingmef oraloop .
right?

My parents didn 't realize that I was going to a party. Somehow, myparentsdidn ' tfindoutaboutmepartyi ngheartily.
But the candle burns at both ends B ut I didpayaprice
Really cost me for burningthecandleat bothends. B+ write out your calculation process I made a mistake on my math exam I madeamistakeonamathte st.
I 'm so tired I did the calculations in my head Inmyexhaustion , I didallthecalculations inmyhead , the result is like a zoo animal and forgot to write the calculation process and , like acommonzooanimal , forgottoshowmywork .
I just met a girl at the party I justsawoneofthosegirl sfromtheparty ,
She did this to me like acknowledging my existence and sheacknowledgedmye xistencebydoingthis . For the first time in my life I felt so present I  ' veneverfeltsoalive .

How are you A reyouokay ?
Not good No , I  ' mnot .
So what is this Yeah , so ?
B + this is the beginning of the end AB - plus - - that  ' sthebeginningoftheend .
The end of what ? My life M ylife .
If I don 't make changes who knows how far I 'll fall
Maybe I 'll become a junkie or a lawyer I couldwindupadrugaddic t, oralawyer.
Are you overreacting I sitpossible you  ' reoverreacting ? No . No . Starting today , I  ' mdonehelping thefootba llteam .
Girls like you will never greet me like this again B utifyoudothat , girlswillnolongergree tmelikethis .
I 'll greet you like that I 'llgreetyoulikethat.It 's not the same.I t 'snotthesame.
E xtricating myself fromt hissituation was not easy .
My father is counting on me and my grandma is counting on me M yfatherwascountingonme , Meemawwascountingonme , and the school is counting on me theschoolwascountingonme .
After much deliberation I decided A ftermuchthought , I decided to employ
Take the most reliable strategic strategy theonestrategicmaneuv er I knew I couldcounton .
Snitch I tattled .
Mom M om ?


Too bad Sheldongota B-plus for Sheldonta!
T h a t ' s   t e r r i b l e   f o r   h i m !
I 'm very disappointed with the three of you I 'mverydisappointedinal lthreeofyou.
That 's right, Missy, this is Thatisright for your ballet class. Missy, thisisforyourballetcl ass.
You are not allowed to go to parties and play We edonotgotoparties .
I am very disappointed I am very disappointed.



I 'm going to get some gear for the team. Would you like to go with me? G ottogopickupsomeequip mentfortheteam; youwanttojoinme?
Can 't go I 'm grounded Can  ' t .
I ' m   g r o u n d e d .
Yeah but Yeah , well . . .
I won 't tell you if you don 't say it I won  ' tellifyouwon  ' t .

Is Sheldon going to Sheldongoing ?
Surely that perfidious brat isn 't going to T hatlittlesnitch ?
A b s o l u t e l y   n o t .

Will Sheldon still do the math for you? S heldonstillgonnahelpy ouwiththemath ?
I don 't think so I don  ' tthinkso .
But I heard that his asian friend will also count as B ut I didhearhislittle A sianfriendcandoit .


Hello Hello . Saying S o . . . this Sunday 's odds for the Oilers are to make four O ilersarea four - point favorite for this Sunday  ' sgame ,
But it 's the oilers home so i want to bet on the home handicap butit  ' sahomegame , so I  ' mthinking I givethepoints .
What do you think Whatdoyouthink?
I think I have to tell you again I think I havetotellonyouagain .
Go if you can. How can your mother ban my feet? Goahead . What  ' syourmamagonnado , groundme ?

Take the Oilers, givethepoints.
I love you , Moonpie .
Tell you the Oilers lost that game Fortherecord , the Oilerslostthatgame
Opponents four touchdowns byfourtouchdowns .
Grandma never asked my opinion again Me eemawneveraskedformya dviceagain .

Come, come, I rely on Comeon, comeon, comeon.
Damnit ! Okay O kay .
Once again O nemoretime . Mom needs a new jet ski M amaneedsanew J et S ki !
The result is And . . .
The bastard ratbastard!

How are you Connie Howyoudoin  ' there , C onnie ?
Hello Vincent Hey , Vincent .
How did you come to Louisiana Whatbringsyouto Louisiana?
wait don 't tell me Wait , don  ' ttellme .
You came to see Tony Orlando [actor] You  ' reheretosee Tony Orlando . No  ' F raidnot . You should go see him anyway Oh , well , yououghttocheckhimout .
He 'll surprise you [takes his socks off] H e  ' ll , uh , knockyoursocksoff .
I like wearing socks I like mysockson .
Connie, you 're embarrassing me. C onnie, you  ' reputtingmeinaveryawk wardposition.
I played keno lottery and won a bread oven I wonatoasterovenplayin gkeno .
Do you want Youwantit ?
I have I gotone myself.
I want my money I want mymoney .
OK Allright .
Wait for Hangon .
Your coat looks great T hat  ' saverynicejacket .
You look handsome in your dress You  ' relookingdapper .


This casino gave me free nights Hey , theycompmyroomhere .
Do you have this treatment too Theydothatforyou ?
In fact they don 't really welcome me to Actually , theyfrownuponmypresen cehere .
I also got a coupon for the breakfast buffet Oh .
I   a l s o   g e t   a   c o u p o n   f o r   t h e   b r e a k f a s t   b u f f e t .
You should ask Youshouldlookintothat.
Constance Constance !
Patience Vincenzo Patience , Vincenzo .
Like it Yes !
That 's great. A llright , nowwe  ' retalking .
Would you like to receive coins as a down payment Willyoutakeadownpaymen tinquarters ?
Do I have a choice D o I haveachoice ?
Let 's go fishing S tartscoopin  ' .
I gotta see Tony Orlando. I gottogosee Tony Orlando.

Give me another cup Hey, I needanothercup!
