 00 : 00 : 47, 192 -- > 00 : 00 : 49, 707 I am still not happy with this report , Humphrey .
 Then we shall be happy to redraft it for you .
 - You have redrafted it three times .
 - That 's not absolutely correct . Yes , it is , I can count . This is the third draft report .
 Therefore it has been drafted once and subsequently redrafted twice .
 Don 't quibble , Bernard .
 We shall be happy to redraft a third time . And a fourth and fifth .
 And a sixth , no doubt . And it still say what you want it to say .

 - Not what I want it to say .
 - What do you want it to say ? We want it to say what you want to .
 Not anything you don 'twant to .
 Stop wittering !
 The Think Tank asked us forourevidence on Civil Service overmanning .
 I have briefed a group of civil servants in words of one syilable and they 've sent back an unintelligible report , saying the exact opposite of what I asked them to say .
 With respect , how do you know it says the opposite if it 's totally unintelligible ?
 All I am saying is that the Civil Service is grossly overmanned and must be slimmed down .
 Quite so . That is what the report says .
 - No , it doesn 't .
 - Yes , it does .
 No , it ...
 Look , what I 'm talking about is a phased reduction in the Civil Service of about 200, 000 people .
 Are you going to put that in this report ?
 If you were to take that draft home and study it , you might find that it says what you want it to say .
 - And if it doesn 't ?
 - Then we can redraft it .
 Humphrey , sit down .

 Will you give me a straight answerto a straight question ?
 Oh , well , Minister , as long as you are not asking me to resort to crude generalisations and vulgaroversimplifications , such as a simple yes orno I shall do my utmost to oblige .


 Is that " yes " ?

 - Yes .
 - Right .
 - Here is the straight question .
 - I thought thatwas it .
 When you give yourevidence , are you going to support my view that the Civil Service is overmanned ornot ?
 Yes orno !
 Straight answer !
 If you ask me fora straight answer then I shall say that , as faras we can see ,
 looking at it by an large , taking one time with another , in terms of the average of departments , then in the final analysis it is probably true to say that at the end of the day , in general terms , you would probablyfind that not to put too fine a point on it , there probably wasn 't very much in it one way orthe other .




 As faras one can see ... at this stage .

 Is that " yes " ?
 Or" no " ?
 Yes and no .
 Suppose you weren 't asked fora straight answer ?
 Then I should playfortime .
 Sir Humphrey .
 - Ah , Bernard , do sit down .
 - Thank you .
 - Good of you to pop in .
 - It 's my pleasure .
 Bernard , you know the Department 's report on the Central Policy Review staff ?
 Er , yes , Sir Humphrey .
 We haven 't had it back from the Ministeryet .
 - Er , no , Sir Humphrey .
 - Why not ?
 Er ... perhaps you should ask the Minister .
 - No , I 'm asking you , Bernard .
 - Yes , Sir Humphrey .
 You don 't seem to be replying .
 Yes and no , Sir Humphrey .
 - Are you trying to be impertinent ?
 - Oh no .
 I would succeed if I tried .
 - Scotch on the rocks , please .
 - Yes , sir .
 One , sir ?
 Yes , just one .

 Has the Ministerbeen doing his boxes properly ?
 - Yes , he 's very conscientious .
 - Then what 's going on ? - You should ask the Minister .
 - I 'm asking you . But as the Minister 's Secretary , I 'm responsible to him .
 But you are also a public servant .
 The average Minister 's tenure is less than eleven months , but yourcareerwill last until you 're 65 , won 't it ?
 - I hope so .
 Yes .
 - So do I , Bernard .
 However , the choice is yours .
 Er , Sir Humphrey ...
 Can I ask you a hypothetical question ?
 That 's always a good idea .
 Well , suppose a Minister , a purely hypothetical Minister , were to be unhappy with a department draft of evidence to a committee .
 And suppose that Minister were planning to replace it with his own draftworked out with his political adviser
 - and his party ...
 - I can 't believe it . Oh , no , no .
 It 's purely hypothetical .
 And suppose that Minister were planning to bring in his own draft so close to the final date that there won 't be any ...
 - Wouldn 't ...
 - Wouldn 't be any time forthe Department to redraft it forhim .
 Well ?
 Suppose this hypothetical Minister 's Principal Private Secretary were to be aware of this hypothetical draft , in confidence of course , should he pass on this information to the Permanent Secretary of this hypothetical department ?


 Certainly not , Bernard .
 Not if this Principal Private Secretary had been given the information in confidence .
 That 's what I thought , Sir Humphrey .

 Have a drink , Bernard .
 One more thing , Minister .
 The evidence to the Central Policy Review Staff .
 - You mean the Think Tank ?
 - Yes , Minister .
 Have you redrafted the redraft of yourdraft ?
 - You don 'twant it yet , do you ?
 - Yes . - Why ? - So thatwe can redraft it .
 - Thatwon 't be necessary .
 - I think itwill .
 Drafting is not a Civil Service monopoly , you know ?
 No , it 's a highly specialised skill which few outside the Service can master .
 Nonsense .
 Drafts is easy .
 It 's a game anyone can play .
 Notwithout getting huffed .
 So could I have the draft proposal , please ?
 Certainly , Humphrey . - When , Minister ?
 - Later , Humphrey .
 Yes , but when ?
 You always say we musn 't rush things .
 I must ask you fora straight answer .
 On what day ?
 Tomorrow ?
 Monday ?
 Tuesday ?
 In due course , Humphrey .
 At the appropriate juncture .
 In the fullness of time .
 When the moment is ripe .
 When the necessary procedures have been completed .
 Nothing precipitate , of course .
 Minister , this is getting urgent .
 Urgent , Humphrey ?
 What a lot ot newwords !
 You 'll forgive me if I say this , but I am beginning to suspect that you are concealing something from me .

 You and I have no secrets from each other , have we ?
 I 'm sorry , but sometimes one is forced to consider the possibility that affairs are being conducted in a way which , all things being considered , and making all possible allowances , is , not to put too fine a point on it , perhaps not entirely straightforward .


 You 're the expert on straightforwardness .
 So what about the draft evidence ?
 Well , since you ask , Humphrey , and to be perfectly straightforward ,
 I have redrafted it myself .
 I don 'twant you to redraft it .
 I 'm perfectly happy with it as it is .

 May I be bold enough to ask what you have said ?
 What I wanted :
 Phased reductions in the Civil Service .
 You have frustrated me overopen government , and the economy drive , this time I 'm going to have my way .
 The party wants it , the public wants it .
 And all we get from the Civil Service is delaying tactics .
 I wouldn 't call Civil Service delays " tactics " , Minister , thatwould be to mistake lethargyforstrategy .
 Very droll . But there is a real desire forradical reform in the air .
 The Select Committee on Administrative Affairs , which I founded , it 's a great success .
 Oh , indeed , what has it achieved ?
 Nothing yet . But the party 's very pleased with it .


 Why ? Ten column inches in last Monday 's Daily Mail .

 The government measures its success in column inches ?
 Yes ... no ...
 Yes and no !
 Minister , the evidence that you are proposing to submit is not only untrue , it is also , which is much more serious , unwise .
 Now , we have been through all this before .
 The expansion of the Civil Service is the result of parliamentary legislation , not bureaucratic empire building .
 So you want me to tell Parliament that it 's theirfault that the Civil Service is too big ?
 - But it 's the truth .
 - I don 'twant the truth .
 I want something I can tell Parliament .
 Humphrey , you are supposed to enact my policies .
 Yet , you seem implacably opposed to them .
 I must knowwhere you stand on all this .
 Where one stands , Minister , depends upon where one sits .
 Am I to infer that you will not support me ?
 We will always support you , but as yourstandardbearer not as you pall bearer .
 What are you saying ?
 I should have thought is crystal clear .
 Do not send this report to a body whose recommendations are to be published !
 That is exactly why I 'm sending it .
 I don 'twant to hearany more . - May I say just one more thing ?
 - If it 's in plain English .
 Very well , Minister .
 If you are going to do this damn silly thing , don 't do it in this damn silly way .
 Minister , you 'll be late forCabinet .
 Oh , yes .
 Cabinet .
 What are we talking about ?
 Yourproposals to close down the Land Registry .
 My proposal ... ?
 Reducing the autonomous Government Departments .
 - Itwas yourproposal .
 - You have initialled it . - Oh , have I ? What 's in it ?
 - It 'll all go through on the nod .
 - Got all the stuff ?
 - Yes .
 Come on then , mustn 't be late .
 Humpy ...

 Have you written yourevidence to the Think Tank yet ?
 - More or less .
 - What do you mean ? - The Minister 's written it .
 - Humpy !
 Yes , I know .
 All very unwise . But he insisted . He 's been working at nothing else formore than a week now .
 You should never let Ministers get so deeply involved .
 The next thing you know they 'll be dictating policy .
 Yes , I know . - Is this a lengthy Cabinet ?
 - I don 't think so .
 Ghastly waste of time . Yes , but if we 're not here to hold theirhands ,

 God knows what they might not get up to ?
 Excuse me , Jumbo .
 Yes , Minister ? I 'm recommending to Cabinet to close down the Land Registry .

 - Why ?
 - Why ?
 Why are we closing it orbringing it to Cabinet ?

 - What ?
 - What ?
 Why am I recommending it ?
 - Surely you know .
 - No , that 's why I 'm asking .
 You said itwould go through on the nod , now the PM 's started asking questions .
 And I haven 't read my proposal . There was a 9 . 75 rise in autonomous Government Departments .

 Yes , of course .
 Thank you .
 I 'm sorry , Jumbo ...
 Helping to restrict the autonomous departments ?
 That should find favour with the PM policy- wise .

 Oh ? Why ?
 Veryfashionable simplifying the Civil Service especially with this Think Tank recommendation .
 - But they haven 't reported . - Yes , they have , unofficially ...
 They haven 't taken all the evidence yet .
 The Central Policy Review Staff don 't sully theirelevated minds with anything as sordid as evidence .
 You may take it that they 'll be advising the PM to simplify the administration of government .
 Well , that 'll keep me busy .
 Ah , well .
 I shouldn 't count on it .
 You surely don 't expect me , the PM 's Senior Policy Adviser , to betray confidences .
 Not to yourcolleagues , certainly .
 No doubt the grapevine would inform you by lunchtime .
 Inform ?
 Inform us of what ?
 Your Minister is seeking to reduce overmanning in the Civil Service .
 Well , he 's going to get his way .
 Treasury , the Home Office and the Civil Service have all proposed to abolish your Department of Administrative Affairs and the PM is smiling on the plan .
 - That 's absurd .
 - Clean .
 Dramatic . Very popularpolitically .
 No real inconvenience . All yourfunctions could be subsumed by otherdepartments .
 Jim Hackerwill win through with a self sacrificing policy .
 The PM will probably kick him upstairs . Lord Hackerof Kamikaze .
 I hardly think that 's funny , Daniel or likely .
 Why not ? He ran the leadership campaign against the PM .
 This could be the PM 's masterstroke in one fell swoop .
 Approbation , elevation and castration .
 You know the PM 's motto
 " In Defeat , malice .
 In Victory , revenge " .
 Abolish my Department .
 Out of the question .
 Simply can 't be done . I 'm sure you knowbest .
 By the way , there 's a job centre in the Horseferry Road .
 The No .
 19 Bus stops right outside .
 - I 'm appalled .
 - You 're appalled ?
 I 'm appalled . I just can 't believe it .
 I 'm ...
 I 'm appalled .
 - What do you make of it ?
 - I 'm appalled , Minister .
 So am I. Appalled !
 It 's appalling .

 Appalling .
 I just don 't know how to describe it .
 Appalling ? Appalling .
 But I mean is it true ?
 Sure he wasn 't having you on ? They can 't abolish this entire department .

 It rings true , doesn 't it ?
 I 've just see the joint departmental proposal .
 Whitehall 's full of proposals .
 Daniel Hughes is very close to the PM .
 What 's going to happen ?
 Where will I go ? Well , there is a rumour , Minister ...


 Rumour ?
 What rumour ? Ministerwith responsibility forlndustrial Harmony .

 Industrial harmony ?
 You knowwhat that means .
 That means strikes !
 Every strike in Great Britain will be myfault .
 Oh , marvellous .
 Have you considered what might happen to me ?
 - No . What ?
 - I shall be sent to Ag and Fish . The rest of my careerdedicated to arguing about the cod quota .

 And as foryou , Bernard , if your Ministerbites the dust yourreputation as a high flyer will be hit forsix .
 You 'll spend yourcareer in the Vehicle Licensing Centre in Swansea .
 - It 's yourfault .
 - Myfault ? Itwas yourproposal to reduce the autonomous departments .
 You proposed phased reductions of the Civil Service .
 Don 't let 's argue about that .
 What are we going to do ?
 We could put a paperup .

 Up what ?

 - Brilliant !
 - Have you any suggestions ?
 - I don 't know , I 'm ...
 - Appalled ?
 I do think thatwe should work togetheron this .
 - I 've heard that before .
 - What do you mean ? You telling me what to do , me doing it .

 - That isn 't true .
 - You 've no suggestions ? Bernard could fetch your Political Adviser .
 - You want me to consult Frank ?
 - Yes , Minister .
 And Minister , with respect ...
 Don 't use that language to me , Humphrey .
 - What language ? - I knowwhat " with respect " means .
 That anything I suggest is beneath contempt .
 Ah , Minister .
 I really do mean thatwe should work together .
 - I need you .
 - Do you mean that ?
 - Yes , Minister . - Humphrey , how very nice of you .
 Minister , if the Prime Minister is behind a scheme ,
 Whitehall on its own cannot block it .
 Cabinet Ministers ' schemes are easily blocked ... redrafted , but the Prime Minister is anothermatter .
 We need to fight this in Westminsterand in Whitehall .
 And Weisel might be able to mobilise the backbenchers .
 Yes .
 And he might be able to mobilise the Press .
 - You 've heard the news ?
 - Bernard just told me .
 What do you suggest ?
 I can 't think of anything ...
 I 'm appalled .
 Mustn 't all flap around like a lot of wet hens .
 We 've got to save this Department .
 I want you to get to the backbenchers to put a stop to this thing before it starts .
 I 'm sorry , but you can 't stop something before it starts .
 Thank you .
 Frank ...
 Itwon 't be that easy . Itwill be a very popularmove .

 A publicity campaign ?
 You know : " Administration Saves the Nation " " Red Tape is Fun " .

 Full page ads in ...

 Itwas just an idea .
 " Red Tape is fun " ?
 What about " Red Tape holds the Nation together " ?
 Well , there 's no doubt about it , the writing 's on the wall .
 The public should think kindly towards Administration ,
 - because of the Europass .
 - Quite . - Europass ?
 - European Identity Card .

 You 've informed the Minister ?
 Didn 't you do yourboxes ?
 No , I was redrafting the redraft of the draft .
 Well , Brussels is about to decree that there is to be a new European Identity Card to be carried by all citizens of the E. E. C.
 The Foreign Office is ready to go along with it as a quid pro quo fora deal overthe buttermountain , the wine lake , and the milk ocean , the lamb war , and the cod stink .

 And the Prime Ministerwants you to introduce the legislation .
 - Me ?
 - Yes .
 You 're pro Europe , you see . And itwould simplify ouradministration .
 - So it 's a good idea .
 - Good idea ?
 - Good idea ?
 - Good idea ? - Not a good idea ?
 - Political suicide !
 Trying to make British people carry Identification Papers ?
 They 'll call it a Police State .
 Is this whatwe fought two world wars for ?
 It 's little more than a sort of driving licence .
 It 's the last nail in my coffin .
 You might get away with calling it " Euroclub Express " .
 Bernard , eithershut up orget out !

 Can 't the Foreign Office introduce it ?
 Thatwas the Prime Minister 's suggestion , but forthe Foreign Secretary itwas a Home Office matter and forthe Home Office itwas essentially and administrative matter , and the PM agreed .

 Pass the parcel .
 Can you blame them when you can hear it ticking ?
 The identity card bill is planned to be the last action of this Department .
 Wonderful ammunition forthe anti Europeans .
 Don 't the Foreign Office realise the damage to the European idea ?
 That 's why they support it .
 The Foreign Office is pro Europe , isn 't it ?
 Yes and no ... if you 'll forgive the expression .
 The Foreign Office is pro Europe because it is really anti Europe .
 The Civil Service was united in its desire to make sure that the Common Market didn 'twork .
 - That 's why we went into it .
 - What are you talking about ?
 Minister , Britain has had the same foreign policy objective forat least the last 500 years :
 To create a disunited Europe .
 We have foughtwith the Dutch against the Spanish , with the Germans against the French and with the French against the Germans and the Italians .
 Divide and rule , you see .
 Why should we change now , when it 's worked so well ?
 That 's all ancient history surely ?
 Yes , and current policy . We had to break the whole thing up , so we had to get inside .
 We tried from the outside , but itwouldn 'twork .
 Now , we can make a complete pig 's breakfast of the whole thing .
 Set the Germans against the French , the Italians against the Dutch ...
 The Foreign Office is terribly pleased , it 's just like old times .
 Butwe 're all committed to the European ideal .
 Really , Minister .

 Why are we pressing foran increase in the membership ?
 Forthe same reason .
 It 's just like the United Nations .
 The more members it has , the more arguments it can stirup , the more futile and impotent it becomes .
 - What appalling cynicism .
 - Yes .
 We call it diplomacy , Minister .
 Howwill the othercountries feel about identity papers ?
 Won 't they resist too ?
 The Germans will love it , the French will ignore it , and the Italians and the Irish will be too chaotic to enforce it .
 Only the British will resent it . - It 's a plot to get rid of me . - They 'll abolish your Department .
 Perhaps the PM wants to make absolutely certain .
 - Don 't be so paranoid . - Everyone is plotting against me .
 - We 're on yourside , Minister .
 - Yes , Minister .
 - Martin will be on ourside .
 - Yes , where is Martin ? I think he 's in the House , Minister , where you ought to be .
 Let 's go and see him .
 This is appalling , Jim .
 - You 've done a Samson act .
 - Samson ? You 've reduced the Civil Service bureaucracy .
 You 've pulled the superstructure down and buried yourself .
 - A Pyrrhic victory .
 - No ideas ?
 - I 'd help if I could , but ... - But the Europass ...
 It doesn 't make sense .
 Why can 't the PM see the damage ?
 Yes , this Europass issue is the biggest disaster since I asked to join the Cabinet .
 I don 't think you quite mean that .
 Everybody knows this Europass thing won 't happen .
 The PM 's got to play along with it because of the Napoleon Prize .
 Napoleon Prize ? A NATO Award given once everyfive years .
 Gold medal , big ceremony in Brussels .
 The PM 's the front runnerthis time .
 It 's forthe statesman who has contributed most to European unity .
 Since Napoleon .
 That is if you don 't count Hitler .



 So ? What ... ? The awards committee sits in six weeks .
 The PM isn 't going to rock the boat until it 's in the bag .
 You don 't put boats in bags . - What 's that Bernard ?
 - Nothing , Minister . Once the prize is awarded , the PM will dump the Europasses .
 Howmany people know about the winnerof the Napoleon Prize ?
 - It 's top secret .
 - You mean everyone . - No , top secret top secret .
 - That 's it then .
 - Humphrey , don 't you see ? - See what ?
 - Backbenchers .
 Leaks .
 - The Welsh Nationalist party ?
 No .
 No .
 No .
 Oh , I 'll come back later .
 No . No .
 Don 't go , the very man .
 Come on in , Daniel . - I want to ask youradvice .
 - I 'll give any help I can .
 But if it 's about shutting stable doors afterhorses have bolted , even I am powerless to help .
 You won 't be powerless in this case . It 's really a sort of moral dilemma .
 Supposing a backbencher were to put down a question forthe Prime Minister , asking whetherthe Europass ...
 Which backbencher ?
 Europass is top secret .
 You mean like the winner of the Napoleon Prize is top secret ?
 The Ministermeant a hypothetical backbencher .
 Quite so , Bernard .
 Thank you .
 A hypothetical backbencher .
 And a hypothetical question asking whetherornot Britain was going to adopt the Europass .
 - Highly improbable .
 - Oh , I agree .
 Highly improbable .
 But suppose the PM were to answeryes , itwould be very damaging in the country ?

 Yes .
 And if the PM were to answerno itwould be very damaging in Europe ?
 To the PM personally .
 Napoleon prize - wise .
 Now , if a hypothetical Minister were to get to hear of this hypothetical question in advance , what should he do ?
 The only course would be to ensure that the question was not tabled .
 Serious business , suppressing an MP 's question .
 There is no othercourse .
 The only way to stop him might be to get him to put down a question asking the Prime Minister to squash the rumours about the closure of the Department forAdministrative Affairs .

 Oh , but I 'm sure ... whatevermade you think ... anything but the fullest support ...
 You said that a plan to abolish the Department had been put up , and the PM was smiling on it .
 No , smiling at it !
 Smiling at it , not on it .
 The whole idea was ridiculous .
 Laughable .
 Out of the question .
 Ajoke .
 Ajoke ?
 You didn 't imagine ...
 So that a minute from the Prime Minister 's office confirming this , and squashing the rumour , will be circulated to all departments within 24 hours .
 So thatwe can all share it , joke - wise I mean !

 Do you really think it 's necessary ?
 Yes . Well , I 'm sure something can be arranged .
 If you 'll excuse me .
 Checkmate , I think . Game , set and match .

 Can Daniel Hughes fix this ?
 Don 't Prime Ministers have minds of theirown ?
 Certainly .
 But as President Nixon 's henchmen once said :
 " When you 've got them by the balls , theirhearts and minds will follow " .
 Isn 't that right ?
 Yes , Minister .
