










0 0 : 0 0 : 3 1 , 3 6 3 - -&gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 3 2 , 7 8 1 ‎ Need me to help you find something? ‎ No thanks, I 'll just take a look




‎ That TV can still watch
‎ You can plug it in and try
‎ thank you







‎ How much is this?
‎ That?
‎ Just give me $30
‎ How about these 3 for $75?




‎ NETFLIX Original Series







‎ Don 't worry
‎ The property will be cleaned or the rent will be paid in vain
‎ What 's your plan today?
‎ I go to the Metropolitan Detention Center in the morning and the courthouse in the afternoon
‎ And I finally had lunch with Howard‎ huh? ‎ See what he 's looking for from me
‎ Wish your lunch was easy and delicious. How about you?

‎ It wasn 't going well yesterday
‎ Today I 'm going to solve a problem
‎ sounds good‎ bye


‎ Find out our previous research report on Lot 2375

‎ yes‎ to all profiles
‎ License Status, Cost and Profit Forecast

‎ Is it all electronic?
‎ Very good. Can you do PPT?
‎ I 'll tell you what you need when I get there
‎ I 'll be there in about 20 minutes
‎ Law Firm





‎ You two really have been busy this week, haven 't you?

‎ Bail Denied
‎ As expected

‎ Ok let 's start from the beginning‎ Somehow you two don 't have a criminal record
‎ So I should get the District Attorney to reduce drug charges to simple drug possession charges
‎ We can attribute those felonies you have committed‎ to your unfortunate treatment of hard drugs
‎ Dependence but we have to show that ‎ you will go to rehab on probation . . .
‎ Don 't I hate rehab the most
‎ Okay, don 't get excited?
‎ I 've heard of some lesser known institutions
‎ Even if you haven 't been hospitalized‎ They will still provide proof‎ You know this kind of place? ‎ If you pay a little more, I might be able to help you find one
‎ Because I 'm definitely not going to rehab
‎ To go or not to go, God knows what you know
‎ But you have to tell the judge that you 're going ‎ and sound sincere? ‎ - Good to know‎ - Good to know‎ Now it 's just your countless misdemeanors left
‎ Including scribbling, vandalism
‎ littering, urinating in public
‎ If you feel the urge to urinate, you have to go to urinate
‎ If you hold it for too long, it is easy to get kidneys . . . stones



‎ Even then just add up all the misdemeanors‎ If I can help you get a combined sentence‎ You 'll probably have to sit . . .
‎ 1 2 months in jail
‎ If you behave well, the prison is overcrowded‎ in six months, maybe five months
‎ And a minimum security prison
‎ It 's like you 're on a cruise ship, except that the chances of dying from drowning are reduced
‎ Does God need five months?
‎ It was five years of consecutive sentences‎ or worse if they held you for felonies‎ okay‎ you go to jail for a few months and do some community service
‎ Maybe after a year of probation‎ You 'll be fine, idiots?
‎ Um okay okay we can take it
‎ no problem
‎ Great, finally it 's my attorney 's fees
‎ Ok based on the time I spend‎ Appearance and filing fees
‎ You gotta make me think about it . . . ‎ give me $4 0 0 0 that 's the full cost
‎ - What did you say? ‎ - hey don 't play us
‎ Didn 't you say 50% off before?
‎ This is the price after 50% off‎ If you charge normally, 4 0 0 0 for each of you
‎ Dude he 's a lion 's mouth‎ The government will give us lawyers‎ and it 's free‎ - free lawyers? ‎ - Public Defender
‎ For $4 000 we bought a lot of drugs
‎ Sorry Free Lawyer? ‎ Are you looking for a free lawyer?
‎ we just talk about options‎ and those lawyers really don 't take money
‎ You bastards have you heard the phrase 'you get what you pay for'?
‎ they 'll lock you up without me‎ and throw the keys away
‎ I 'm sorry did I say 'five years'?
‎ Then you go and play Russian roulette with the postulate 'change' attorney‎
‎ Then you are in Los Lunas Prison‎ You will never get out until 10 years
‎ Do you two idiots know who I am?
‎ I 'm Thor Goodman
‎ okay? Do you think 4000 yuan is too expensive?
‎ Yesterday I made 8 0 0 0 in one afternoon
‎ I 'm so good I 'm very popular
‎ I 'm still looking for you guys and you 're lucky‎ I won 't talk to you anymore‎ - Hey don 't do this man don 't go away‎ - Hey okay sorry hey it 's our fault

‎ - you we . . . we want to hire you as a lawyer‎ - Absolutely
‎ please sir?

‎ okay
‎ But we can negotiate the cost
‎ - good‎ - good

‎ Before you give me more headaches
‎ No, you can 't pay lawyers with stolen money


‎ Those cash are already Prosecution A 's
‎ So do you have any relatives? ‎ Do you have any relatives who have not been deceived by you?
‎ Maybe my grandma? ‎ have a house for her
‎ - yes‎ - and cars or something
‎ Good granny she 's the perfect fit‎ ok you tell granny
‎ My remittance information is on the back of the business card
‎ I expect her to contact me
‎ I 'm going out!









‎ I 'm sorry I 'm late I 've been too busy lately
‎ Nevermind, let me introduce you to Judge Lawler, this is Jimmy McGill
‎ Actually my name is Saul Goodman now‎ I changed my name
‎ But Judge Lawler? You 're in federal court, right? ‎ New Mexico area?
‎ it 's down
‎ I guess it 's you, you 're too good at hammering judges
‎ Thank you?
‎ Lawler, I won 't bother you for lunch‎ See you at the golf course next week
‎ goodbye
Good rice?
‎ - I want a sole and . . . ‎ - No butter side dishes are steamed vegetables?
‎ Yes, still the same
‎ Great I 'll add it to the menu‎ I 'll bring you drinks later




‎ then
‎ Saul Goodman, Can I Call You Jimmy?
‎Saul Goodman is my professional name‎ but my friends still call me Jimmy



‎ You can call that too‎ Tell me about Thor Goodman‎ What does that mean?
‎ I mean if he 's not‎ Jimmy McGill then who is he?
‎ What is he like?
‎ Well . . .
‎ Saul Goodman is . . . ‎ He is the last line of defense for ordinary people
‎ If you were betrayed?
‎ He 's your life raft
‎ If you are hunted by Goliath‎ Thor is the one with the crossbow
‎ He does justice and befriends the outcast
‎ This is Saul Goodman

‎ Can 't these Jimmy McGill do it?

‎ Maybe he can, but Saul Goodman lives up to his word
‎ I understand
‎ Is it?
‎ Yes I understand why you changed your name
‎ Is it?
‎ Hamlyn, Hamlin &amp; McGill
‎ Your name is part of the law firm ‎ But the name is dirty We robbed you of the results
‎ - If you have to say that Howard‎ - No I 've been thinking about this for a long time
‎ Did you know? We should have hired you in the first place
‎ It 's okay, it 's all old
‎ We should give you a chance
‎ When you got a lawyer 's license or signed the case of Sembord ‎ I should have given you a chance.
‎ Those two times were the ones that I should have a bit of a backbone for ‎ That 's the right thing to do
‎ wow I 'm so happy‎ you 're so candid with me Howard
‎ that 's fine


‎ I speak clearly
‎ My idea didn 't come from yesterday‎ I didn 't leave you before‎ I think it 's time to correct my mistakes

‎ I want you to come to work at Hamlyn, Hamlyn McGill





‎ After so many bad things between us‎ You still want me to work at your place?
‎ As far as I know it was between you and Chuck
‎ hey listen before you offer me a job offer ‎ you should probably give your friend Cliff Mayne a call
‎ He must have a unique perspective on being my employer
‎ Jimmy I didn 't make this decision on a whim
‎ I 've been thinking about it for a while‎ On the scholarship committee‎ You speak for that young woman

‎ Christies Posito‎ to Christy‎ - yes‎ - you stand up for her
‎ I 've been thinking about it ever since‎ about judging
‎ and honest questions
‎ Last year you scolded me so badly
‎ You speak your truth
‎Listen Howard‎ If you don 't want to be surrounded by liars
‎ You may be in the wrong line
‎Listen it 's easy to me‎ You 're smart, tough, and never give up
‎ You don 't wait for opportunities, you create them
‎ Hamlyn Hamlyn McGill again‎ Entering the development period we need people like you
‎ I need you
‎ Desperate Charlie

‎ - Howard I . . . ‎ - You don 't have to answer me now
‎ We have a good lunch
‎ but do me a favor
‎ Think about it, okay?







‎ it 's down
‎ Howard This is really . . .
‎ Thank you for treating me to lunch
‎ Next time I ask you ‎ Thank you for taking the time
‎ Nice to meet you Jimmy










‎ If you take a look at this package
‎ will understand what we 're talking about
‎ There are many complaints about the Telephone User Protection Act‎ but the demands are simple and clear
‎ We 've been in contact with the FTC, FCC, and OSHA
‎ But when the construction is done we can hire people‎ and the call center can be used
‎ I can finally get out of those old walls and old houses‎ It 's really happy
‎ Tucumcari 's call centres reach all major benchmark rates
‎ And we stayed within the budget‎ You know what I like to hear
‎ Ok if you go to the next tab‎ you will see some mortgage options . . .
‎ Sorry Peggy about the call center‎ I think there is one more thing to discuss
‎ - Stef? ‎ - good
‎ We have previously decided to build a call center on lot 1 1 0 2
‎ But I think we need to reconsider‎ Another option, Lot 2 3 7 5

‎ 2 3 7 5 The vacant lot with flooding issues?
‎ That 's right
‎ Initially we did worry about the infrastructure there
‎ But I spoke to Alex Amadeo of the committee this morning.
‎ She told me that the city government has recently ‎ reinforced drainage along the valley‎ and that they have resurfaced ‎ 16 kilometers of nearby roads
‎ So this not only speeds up our construction, but also improves overall operational efficiency

‎ In the long run‎ I think these improvements will pay dividends‎ and offset any delays‎ since we don 't need a redesign
‎ We can be back on track in two to three weeks‎ or less
‎ Are you saying that we give up the three weeks we have invested in the cost of getting the land?
‎ I know I 'm not an expert in this sort of thing, but according to our own projections‎ the land we 've got will more than double in value in the next five years.
‎ It will be a high return investment
‎ Here has the potential to turn Tucumcari‎ into a true Mesa Verde town‎ If you consider the reputational risk of 1 1 0 2 parcels‎ . . . .
‎ Reputational risk? ‎ Are you talking about Everett Acker? ‎ Evicting a person from his own home‎ This kind of thing never looks good
‎ Kim, let me ask you directly
‎ Is Lot 1 1 0 2 our land? ‎ We didn 't do anything illegal, did we?
‎ Not under the current law
‎ I won 't allow anyone to drive me away
‎ Since this guy wants to make a fuss. . . .
‎ The land is ours‎ We have the right to do anything with it
‎ I agree
‎ The resettlement fee we provided to him is already much higher than that of other neighbors
‎ Kim thank you for this idea
‎ But we will keep Lot 1 1 0 2 unchanged
‎ turn on the lights
‎ Well then, that 's it. I just have to mention it to you

‎ I have to call the sheriff
‎Acker moved out by noon on Friday‎ and construction continued‎ Okay, I was talking about the mortgage
‎ Our major clients are very strong
‎ But if we want to break into the retail market
‎ During business development‎ we should develop certain opportunities








‎ Dad, why are you here?
‎ I 'm visiting the kids this Thursday
‎ Didn 't you get my message? ‎ I called you before to see if you could come over
‎ You never called me back ‎ so I had Emily come
‎ It 's okay to let her go home‎ I 'll pay her as usual for tonight
‎ Maybe you should go back today
‎ They are already playing with dolls
‎ Last time I lost my temper and scared her like this
‎ - If you could let me say sorry to her . . . ‎ - No Kelly, it 's alright
‎ she forgot

‎ So what 's the problem?
‎ I love you dad
‎ But let Emily look after her tonight

‎ I 'm fine darling‎ I won 't lie to you if it 's real
‎ What if Kelly brought up Maddie again?

‎ I 'll be fine
‎ You 're making a fuss, I 'm really fine‎ Listen, why don 't you come over for dinner next week?
‎ We can cook the pork chops you like
‎ You 've been so tired from work, it 's time to take a break
‎ Allow yourself to recover
‎ Let me recover?
‎ You are not normal right now
‎ I don 't know what 's going on
‎ But if you don 't take care of Kelly‎ I 'll be more at ease
‎ just tonight










‎ Because The Kissing Band is holding a concert‎ So the store has been busy
‎ People in make-up and leather jackets all night ‎ Come and buy shogi beef strips and beer
‎ Thank you Mr Harkness
‎ Is your robber in court today?
‎ in
‎ Can you identify me?
‎ it 's him
‎ Clerk please record ‎ Witnesses identified defendant Mr. Saki
‎ Thank you Mr Harkness
‎ Mr. Goodman, you can cross-examine the witnesses‎ Thank you for your presence today, Mr. Harkness.

‎ If possible‎ I would like to confirm a few points about your testimony
‎ okay
‎ On the night of the 30th you were at work at the Sandia convenience store, right?
‎ 12 noon shifts 12 midnight shifts ‎ What a long day and a good one
‎ There 's no harm in a hard day 's work
‎ So you say a man came in‎ and he went over the counter
‎ Then the following is your original words
‎ ' He robbed the cash register and ran away '
‎ Yes‎ No one else was in the store at the time?
‎ At that time no
‎ Since the camera was broken at the time
‎ Only you saw the looters
‎ Yes it is
‎ yes
‎ So this guy came in and they bought something
‎ - they should have bought a pack of chocolate almonds‎ - then they bought a pack of chocolate almonds
‎ when you check them out
‎ They robbed the cash register‎ Sounds like a quick process‎ But you said you can see those people very well, right?
‎ in
‎ Your coffee must be stronger than mine‎ because after 1 1 hours of work
‎ I could barely keep my eyes open‎ and it was pitch black
‎ He was the only one who came shopping that night without makeup
‎ bat or cat or other
‎And he 's right in front of me‎ Right in front of yours?
‎ Based on your testimony, you have no choice but to identify the robber
‎ full of confidence
‎ - that 's what you said‎ - I can definitely recognize it
‎ is his client
‎ Are you sure it 's him? No doubts at all? ‎ take a good look‎, it doesn 't need to be him
‎ Mr Harkness if you know
‎ The person you just identified is not the accused at all‎ Would you be surprised?
‎ - what? ‎ - My client is actually sitting in the back of the courtroom
‎ - Mr. Saki, can you stand up? ‎ - against
‎ The guy you identified is Hollis Earley ‎ He 's the bartender at Belen 's.
‎ He had sufficient alibi on the night of the incident
‎ - Your Honor, I object! ‎ - Mr. Goodman? isn 't it?
‎ - You didn 't recognize him, Your Honor, ‎ - All right, all be quiet

‎ Ladies and gentlemen of the jury is here today

‎ I will give you detailed instructions tomorrow
‎ Please continue to be disciplined‎ Don 't discuss the case until tomorrow
‎ Two lawyers please accompany me to the chamber now
‎ adjournment









‎ - You haven 't left‎ - Hmm
‎ You also saw the hustle and bustle just now
‎ This method is a bit deviant
‎ But listen
‎ The two most popular words in English are ‎ 'judgment' and 'invalid'
‎ - Not bad, right? ‎ - not bad


‎ Are you okay?
‎ I 'm fine just . . .
‎ I have a case in Tucumka‎ I want to talk to you about the details








‎ The fryer is clean, Deshaun‎ You can leave work
‎ Good night Tiffany you are great today
‎ You did well today Juana was really good
‎ Oops I forgot to cover the fryer‎ It 's alright I 'll cover it
‎ - Thanks man‎ - You 're welcome
‎ see Deshaun tomorrow









‎ Questions, Mr. Flynn?
‎ Do you think this will work?
‎ I thought Deshaun was clean

‎ I can 't see where it 's dirty. . .
‎ I understand

‎ Actually, if you look closer... . .
‎ Well I seem to see it . . .
‎ That 's okay, I 'll do it again, Mr. Flynn
‎ - ok‎ - um sorry sorry










‎ Who would put a secret teleport in a drain? ‎ Once it rains, the money must be washed into the Rio Grande
‎ So in the monsoon season to change a teleportation point
‎ Drain is such a strange word
‎ - Where did the word come from? Is it Dutch? ‎ - maybe French
‎ - Not French‎ - Spanish for 'sewers'
‎ This word . . . does not come from Spanish
‎ Have you ever heard people talk about the giant drainpipe in Spain?
‎ Who 's going around talking about giant drains?
‎ The target is on standby near position 2
‎ Receive a wait

‎ There is only one teleportation point here
‎ - Do you think he will walk through all three locations? ‎ - Monlina 's clue has not gone wrong so far
‎ As long as we don 't startle the snake, he will definitely come to the third teleportation point and go straight home



‎ Can you use that thing?
‎ Aim at the bad guy and press the button
‎ Ansel Adams Don 't Miss Out‎ We Need This Guy
‎ The second position target has entered the range. It seems that he is going to enter.
‎ received
‎ drain pipe
‎ drain pipe

‎ sounds like 'jock itch' in Dutch
‎ The target is heading to position three
‎ Okay, everyone keep your distance from the target
‎ Hey Bias and Waka you back 30 meters
‎ If I can see you he can see
‎ We can 't beat the grass and startle the snakes ‎ To keep him lighthearted and unsuspecting

‎ Like your mom on date night‎ Like your left hand every night


‎ Is that all right, Mr. Flynn?
‎ You can go home Lyle
‎ If it 's not clean enough, I 'll brush it again
‎ Sir, I will definitely clean it up please

‎ If you want to do it again then do it
‎ thank you






‎ here he comes
‎ - Goog every remember to take the cap off the lens‎ - FUCK YOU








‎Did he find us?
‎ No I think no
‎ Abominable‎ Hey to the target escape‎ All groups go west in pursuit of 'Bobby Foster' ‎ The hunt begins






‎ - What are you doing? ‎ - get ahead of him
‎ - Go where that bastard will go‎ - but you don 't know where he 's going!
‎ I have a hunch










‎ Federal agents! get off! ‎ Slow down! ‎ Hand! Show me your hands!
‎ hateful


‎ ( Detergent Addition)









‎ Shredder! ‎ How about Gugo each? Let 's start spelunking






‎ No problem, I dumped them
‎ 6 9 6   6 9 8
‎ $700,000 and some change
‎ great
‎ We got a lot tonight, Mike Graff
‎ consolation prize
‎ Okay man, we got the drug money‎ We caught the scum who came to get the money
‎ We caught three bastards‎ and when we let Molina out‎ Who knows who else he will report? ‎ That 's right, but I 'm targeting the upper reaches‎, not the lower horses





‎ let 's go
‎ Alright, everyone come around! All around!
‎ Come over here!
‎ Tonight was a great success and I want to thank everyone
‎ My colleagues in Albuquerque‎
‎ We caught three scumbags
‎ Even better, we seized a large amount of drug money‎ almost $1 million
‎ Tonight some jerk big drug dealer is going to be hurt
‎ All thanks to you
‎ So to say thank you‎ We went to O 'Neal 's for a drink, first round of my treat
‎ - Yay! ‎ - Yay! OK! ‎ Thank you all!


‎ - It 's all done‎ - Where 's the money?
‎ With the police everything is planned





‎ - Mr Flynn I was just about to find you‎ - Thank you Lyle you can go home


‎ But I can brush . . .
‎ - Do you think it 's okay? Is it clean? ‎ - that 's it


‎ Good night Mr. Flynn








‎ Who are you?
‎ Mr. Acker my name is Saul Goodman‎ I am a lawyer
‎ I 'm fed up with you Mesa Verde scumbags‎ Go away
‎ I 'm not a lawyer for Mesa Verde‎ Actually I want to be your Mr. Lawyer
‎ I don 't need a lawyer I don 't want a lawyer‎ Nothing you say will make me change my mind
‎ - Get your feet out of the way‎ - Sir if you can . . .
‎ Could you please take a look at my proposal? ‎ I believe you will be persuaded
‎ - I don 't want ‎ - take a look at Mr.
‎ Take a look, what do you see?



‎ A man . . .

‎ working on a horse
‎ Sir I hate Mesa Verde I hate them ‎ They always have a sense of superiority

‎ They think they can mess with people‎ We have to smile and say 'thank you'?
‎Look and think of me as that man‎ Mesa Verde is that horse
‎ I will do anything to make it difficult for them
‎ - Guess who talked to a new client in Tucumcari? ‎ - what?
‎ Yes, put the beer on ice
‎ When I get back from this backcountry‎ let 's celebrate
‎ Great this is the best news I have heard today‎ How did you convince him?
‎ I used some visual aid‎ Can you find anything online these days for Chinese food tonight?
‎ - good sounds good bye‎ - bye bye
‎ (Tucumcari Call Center Opens Soon! ‎ Mesa Verde &amp; Trust)













‎ - What did you guys do last night? ‎ - why not G
‎ - hey G give me the lighter‎ - hey you woman came
‎ You gotta keep her brother in check
‎ - she sucks‎ - I keep reminding you man
‎ - Punch her bruised ‎ - Hey, that 's not the one... . .
‎ hey he is . . .












‎ Hey Grandpa!
‎ I thought you were cheap last time, idiot!





‎ Subtitle translation: ‎ Wu Chunyan
