

 He 's still with the Press Officer , Sir Humphrey .
 Would you like a coffee ?
 If the Minister is with the Press Officer , we 've probably got time for a six- course lunch .
 - Morning , Humphrey . - Desmond !
 He 's got somebody with him , but he 'll only be a moment .
 - Did you sound him out about ... ?
 - Yes , but it doesn 't look hopeful .
 All my bank wants is to put six little storeys on the new office block .
 - Read the Financial Times today ? - Never do !
 You 're a banker , surely you read the Financial Times ?
 Can 't understand it .
 Full of economic theory .
 - Why do you buy it ?
 - It 's part of the uniform .
 Took me 30 years to understand Keynes ' economics .
 I 'd just cottoned on when everyone got hooked on monetarist ideas , you know , " I Want To Be Free " , by Milton Shulman .
 - Milton Friedman ?
 - Why are they all called Milton ?
 I 've only got as far as Milton Keynes .
 Maynard Keynes ?
 I 'm sure there 's a Milton Keynes .
 Yes , there is , it 's ...
 Sit down .
 You didn 't read about the Minister 's speech to the Architectural Association last night , attacking skyscraper office blocks ?
 Ours isn 't a skyscraper .
 - How many storeys ?
 - 38 .
 44 with the extra six we 're asking for .
 He was talking about the maximum tolerable height being eight .
 Surely you can talk him out of it ?
 Work him upwards ?
 8 , 12 , 18 ...
 That 's your job - talking him out of things .
 Don 't forget , there 's a promise to prevent any more high- rise buildings in the environment section of the manifesto .
 - Does that scupper it ?
 - Not necessarily .
 There 's an implicit pact offered to every Minister by his senior officials .
 If the Minister implements the opposite policy to the one he 's pledged to , which , once in office , he will see is incorrect , we 'll help him to pretend he 's following his manifesto .

 - That 's a very reasonable offer .
 - It sounds reasonable .
 Unfortunately , among the many extraordinary qualities politicians possess , reasonableness isn 't the first that springs to mind .
 Not when one contemplates the average Minister .
 And our Minister is very average .
 But we need those extra floors .
 And if you 're joining the board when you retire , it 'll be tricky if there 's no office to put you in .
 Entertaining your visitors in a Portakabin in the car park ?
 I 'm not saying you won 't get permission , just not today .
 Be patient .
 Surely if a Minister 's made a decision , that 's it ?
 - What gave you that idea ?
 - Surely a decision 's a decision ?
 Only if it 's the decision you want .
 If not , it 's just a temporary setback .
 Ministers are like small children :
 They want something desperately and next day forget they asked for it .
 - He is a Minister of the Crown .
 - You know why he 's called that ?
 He 's always talking off the top of his head ... or through the back of it !
 - You won 't accept his decision ?
 - No , no , no .
 I start by accepting it and supporting it enthusiastically , then I tell him to leave it to me .
 ( SlR DESMOND ) Humphrey , the architect fellow .
 Morning , Crawford .
 The Minister won 't keep a moment .
 So , what 's going to happen ?
 I 'll have a minute with him first , but don 't expect too much this morning .
 Think of it as a child 's tantrum over a rice pudding .
 Won 't touch it today and yet wants two helpings tomorrow .
 Ah , rice pudding ... good .
 I always liked rice pudding .
 Minister , it 's really excellent .
 " Hacker speaks out against tower blocks . "
 " Minister 's courageous stand on high buildings . "
 I sound like a steeplejack .
 What about the popular press ?
 How do I get into the mass circulation dailies ?
 - What about a photograph ?
 - The papers like a photo of a pretty girl .
 I don 't quite qualify on that score .
 Judge a beauty contest - a photo of you kissing the winner .
 If my picture 's in the papers , people should look at me , not some pretty girl .
 Otherwise , something with cuddly animals or small children ,
 like this afternoon 's visit to the city farm .
 Is everything laid on - Mail , Mirror , Express ?
 - And the Sun , Today and Nationwide .
 - Nationwide ?
 - Will I be on telly ? - With any luck .
 - Well done !
 - You are a Minister of the Crown , sir .
 There 's some baby donkeys laid on to be photographed with .
 - Donkeys ? - Yes , sir .

 The Sun specifically asked if you could be photographed amongst the donkeys .
 What do you think , Bernard ?
 Even if the Sun has no ulterior motive , it 'll be a gift for Private Eye .
 You with a crowd of other donkeys .
 That 's what they would say .
 Or a meeting of the Inner Cabinet .
 What are you here for , Bernard ?
 - Sir Humphrey 's here . - Very well .
 There 's also some little pigs .
 I don 't think that 's a great improvement .
 Snouts in the trough jokes - pull yourself together !
 I will consent to be photographed with a lamb , that 's all .
 - Ah , Humphrey . - Good morning .
 Sir Desmond Glazebrook is outside .
 Glazebrook ?
 That old fool who makes anti- Government speeches ?
 Yes , and you appointed him chairman of the co- partnership commission .
 What 's he want ?
 He wants to talk about his forthcoming application to put more storeys on his bank 's office block .
 That 's just the thing we must stop , Humphrey .
 Somebody has to speak out about the environment , take a stand on high buildings .
 That would make a good press photograph .
 ( SlR HUMPHREY ) Thank you , Bernard .
 It 's up to you , but he does have a good case .
 Have you read the background papers ?
 Yes , of course . Remind me .

 The bank points out that there are already several tower blocks nearby , and it is the international division of the bank , expanding rapidly .
 It needs a central location .
 It would bring in revenue for the city .
 Typical !
 Money , money , money .
 What about beauty , Humphrey ?
 Indeed , Minister , beauty .
 Make a note of that , Bernard .
 What about our children ?
 And their children ?
 Exactly , Minister , " Children 's children " , Bernard .
 Who are you serving ?
 God or Mammon ?
 I 'm serving you , Minister .
 In that case , Humphrey , show Sir Desmond in .
 Glazebrook !
 I 'll give him high- rise buildings ...
 Sir Desmond , how nice to see you !
 What can I do for you ?
 It 's these extra storeys , six of them .
 We 'll make a formal application later , but any guidance you can give us ... ?
 I warn you that I have misgivings about tower blocks .
 This is how we make profits .
 Six extra storeys and we clean up .
 Without them , we 'll only make a measly 28 % on the project .
 - It 's just profits , is it ?
 - Not " Just profits " , it 's profits !
 - Don 't you think of anything but money ?
 - No , why ?
 - What about beauty ?
 - It 's a building , not an oil painting .
 - And the environment ?
 - We 'll make sure it 's part of the environment .
 It 's bound to be , once it 's there .
 - I 'm sorry , Sir Desmond ...
 - There 's one thing , Minister .
 As you know , similar permission was given to Chartered of New York , so to refuse a British bank ...
 Exactly !
 So it 's all right ?
 Er ... well ... no .
 No , it isn 't .
 - Why not , damn it ?
 - It- it- it 's not necessarily ...
 The Minister is concerned that another tall building will clutter the skyline .
 That 's right , it would clutter the skyline .
 He 's also worried that more workers in the area would strain the transport system .
 I 'm worried about public transport .
 Furthermore , he points out that it will overshadow the playground of the St Joseph 's Primary School .
 It would overlook private gardens , which would be an intrusion of privacy .
 Privacy !
 Pollution !
 Furthermore , the Minister points out , most astutely , if I may say , that the bank owns a vacant site close by which would accommodate your expansion needs .
 - Where ?
 - There .
 That 's the river , isn 't it ?
 The Minister was referring to this site .
 - Is that ours ?
 - It is , Sir Desmond .
 - What 's it for ?
 - It 's scheduled for phase three .
 That 's scheduled for phase three . Anyway , it 's 400 yards away .
 Difficult for the board to walk 400 yards to lunch ... ... and impossible to walk back afterwards .
 Put in your formal application by all means , but that will be my decision .
 Minister , suppose we designed a different rice pudding ?
 - What ?
 - What ?
 - Rice pudding ?
 - Bankers ' jargon for high- rise buildings .
 Is it ?
 Bernard , show Sir Desmond out .
 Bye , Sir Desmond .
 Oh , yes . Right .

 Thank you , your reminders were very helpful .
 - A pleasure .
 - Real teamwork , what ?
 - Especially as Glazebrook is your chum .
 - We 're very old friends .
 But it is as naught compared to a civil servant 's duty to his Minister .
 - Humphrey , do you mean that ? - Of course , Minister !

 - How very nice .
 - Thank you .
 - It 's after half past .
 - I 've got to dash .
 - Urgent appointment ? - Very urgent .
 - Cabinet committee ?
 - That sort of thing .
 Could you sign this ?
 It 's extremely urgent .
 Do I have to ? I 'm late already .
 It 's an administrative order to formalise Government powers for the utilisation of unused local authority land until development commences , then it reverts to the authority .


 Do I have to sign now ?
 Why hasn 't it been before the House ?
 If it were a statutory instrument , it would have to go before the House , but it 's an administrative order , under section seven of the Environment Act , which is an enabling section , empowering the Minister to make regulations regarding unused local authority land as necessary from time to time within the framework of the Act , as I 'm sure you recollect .





 Why doesn 't it go before the House ?
 If it were a statutory instrument , it would have to go before the House , but because it is an administrative order under section seven of the ...
 All right , Humphrey , I have signed it !

 Why was that so urgent ?
 - It wasn 't .
 - But you said it was .
 It wasn 't urgent , but it was important .
 Any document transferring decision- making power from Ministers to us is important .
 - Why ?
 - Oh , Bernard ... !
 Don 't be obtuse , please .
 It helps take Government out of politics .
 It 's Britain 's only chance of survival .
 Couldn 't it have waited until he wasn 't in a hurry ?
 When we want Ministers to sign something without asking questions , we wait until they 're in a hurry and their concentration is weakest .
 That 's why we keep them on the go .
 Bernard , where was the Minister rushing off to so secretively ?
 A school children 's city farm in Tower Hamlets . My God !
 The things that man will do for publicity .
 Is he going as a visitor or as an exhibit ?
 Very droll , Sir Humphrey .
 What ?
 Mrs Philips ?
 I 'm Bill Pritchard , the Minister 's Press Officer .
 This is Mrs Philips , the warden of the park .
 How do you do ?
 BBC TV .
 We didn 't get your arrival , could we have it again ?
 - Sorry ?
 - Could you arrive again ?
 How can he arrive again ? He 's already here .
 - For the cameras .
 - Do you mind ?
 Mind what ?
 Let 's see you arriving .
 Does this often happen ?


 Turn over ...
 Action !
 Wave , everybody !
 - Welcome , Minister .
 - It 's a great pleasure .
 I 'm glad you 've come .
 We tried other celebrities but nobody could come .
 - Cut . - What ?
 - Cut , cut , cut !
 - Cut .
 - We 'll cut that out , right ?
 - Yes , but ...
 Not but , cut !
 May I introduce you to His Worship , the Mayor ?
 Licence fees are coming up again .
 Now , tell me all about this .
 This is a piglet .
 No , tell me about this city farm .
 There are over 50 city farms built in urban wasteland to give children who seldom see the countryside a chance to understand livestock and food production .
 What a wonderful idea !
 And this is your first anniversary ?
 - Yes .
 - Congratulations .
 Could we have a shot congratulating Mrs Philips for the television ?
 Certainly , by all means .
 Everyone 's a ham !
 Sorry .
 So this is your first anniversary here ? Good .
 Congratulations .
 Well done .
 Jolly good show .
 Very good .
 Got enough now ?
 If we may hurry you , make your speech first , and then meet the staff .
 I 'd like to do the interview with some of those .
 - Staff ?
 - No , the children and animals .
 Is this working ?
 - Got my speech ?
 - I gave it to you .
 No , you 've got it .
 It gives me pleasure to welcome Mr James Hacker , the Minister for Administrative Affairs , who has found time in his busy schedule to be with us today to celebrate our first anniversary .
 Thank you .
 Thank you .
 It 's a great pleasure to be here with you all today .
 You know , things are changing fast .
 We live in a world of change .
 The silicon chip is changing our lives .
 Quality of life is becoming more and more important .
 Environment , conservation , problems of pollution , the future of our children , and our children 's children .
 These are today 's issues .
 There is , quite rightly , increasing concern about high- rise buildings .
 I 'm happy to reassure you , members of the Architectural Association ...
 I 'm so sorry .
 It 's yesterday 's speech .
 It 's the one I have , look in your pocket .
 So sorry !
 I made a speech yesterday and ...
 It 's a great pleasure to be here at the city farm today .
 You know , things are changing fast .
 We live in a world of change .
 The silicon chip ... is changing our lives .
 ( MUMBLES ) Quality of life is more important ... ( MUMBLES ) Pollution ... future of our children 's children ...
 These are the issues ...
 The city farm movement is a welcome and important addition to the way of life for children in cities .
 We feel they play an vital part in children 's educational and social life .
 We shall do all we can to help this movement flourish .
 Happy birthday .
 Sue Lawley 's arrived , can we do the interview now ?
 Yes , set it up with the most attractive children and animals .
 Thank you for saying that , Minister .
 Can we really rely on your support ?
 Of course you can .
 Our lease is running out and we have to get it extended .
 I can 't really influence it , but I 'll try to help this movement to flourish .
 Would you do the interview now ? This is Sue Lawley of Nationwide .
 Sue Lawley , what a great pleasure .
 I do believe I 'm probably your greatest fan !
 Sorry to butt in , but could the children and staff get autographs ?
 Autographs ?
 Certainly .
 Come on , that 's enough .
 What did you want to say ?
 I 'll ask some questions of the warden and then come to you for comments .
 - Where would you like us to be ? - Here .
 - Perhaps with animals and children ?
 - Yes , splendid !
 Put this sweet little girl on your knee , Mr Hacker .
 All right , let 's get on with it .
 Turn over !
 We 're running , Sue .
 Warden , I understand the lease of this wonderful city farm will run out .
 Yes , we 've been worried about this .
 But I 've just had a word with Mr Hacker , and he has indicated that he will ensure that this farm can carry on .
 Minister , how will you ensure this farm keeps running ?
 Er ... well ... you see ...
 Sue ...
 The fact is , and let me make this clear ...
 Quality of life is becoming more important , the environment , conservation , problems of pollution ...
 The future of our children ... and our children 's children .
 These are today 's issues .
 Minister , thank you .
 I saw your chap on the television last night cuddling a rabbit .
 St Francis of Tower Hamlets .
 What was it in aid of ?
 After the rodent vote , I imagine .
 Quite a good idea , those city farms .
 Are you still worried about parking at Tower House ?
 Desperately !
 It 's the major blockage to recruiting Inland Revenue inspectors .
 There 's a 1 2 acre local authority site nearby with the lease running out .
 - But we haven 't the authority . - You have now .
 - You mean an order under Section 7 ? !
 - Signed yesterday .
 Humphrey !
 How did you manage it ?
 - What 's the site used for now ?
 - Nothing of any significance .
 A city farm for school children .
 Like the one St Francis was visiting ?
 Not the one ?
 I 've always said those things are a bad idea .
 Unhygienic and a danger to public health .
 It might be good to move quickly , before the lease were renewed .
 Surely .
 Won 't it put your Minister in a spot ?
 - I 'm sure I 'll find him a way out .
 - I 'm sure you will .
 Coffee ?
 No , thanks , I must be getting back to Assisi .
 - Thank you for lunch . - Not at all .
 - Enjoy your trip .
 - Bless you .
 Desmond ?
 It 's you , Humphrey .
 I think I know how to get the Minister to eat his rice pudding .
 Evening paper , Minister .
 - Centre page . - I say !
 Double- page spread , what about that !
 " The St Francis of Tower Hamlets . "
 There 's a picture of me with ducks .
 Another with a small girl .
 A black ... ethnic ... multi ... you know , one of ...
 What good publicity !
 Are there any more city farms to visit ?
 Manchester , Birmingham , Glasgow .
 The marginal , I mean , the special development areas .
 Bernard , how about this double- page spread ?
 Top of the Mirror , Nationwide last night .
 You 're very quiet , what 's the matter ?
 Mrs Philips , Minister , the warden of the city farm you visited yesterday .
 Is she pleased with the publicity ?
 - She doesn 't seem pleased .
 - Why not ?
 - The farm 's being closed .
 - Closed ? !
 It 's being turned into a car park for Inland Revenue inspectors .
 My God , what will they say about this ?
 " Children and animals evicted by taxman . "
 " Minister goes back on TV pledge . " Heavens !
 This must be stopped .
 Do something !
 - What idiot authorised that ? - You did .
 What ?
 The order you signed yesterday giving Government power over local authority land .
 - Section 7 , subsection 3 . - Get Humphrey .
 He 's on his way and Mrs Philips is in the private office .
 She 's that last person I want to see .
 This is the greatest disaster this century .
 There were two world wars .
 Fighting on the beaches is one thing , evicting animals and children for tax inspectors ' cars is another .
 Ah , Humphrey !
 Minister , I saw you on television last night .
 What a treat !
 Never mind that , what about the city farm being closed ?
 - The Treasury ... - It 's got to be stopped !
 Unfortunately , it 's a Treasury decision and beyond our jurisdiction .
 - I shall revoke the order . - That is impossible .
 Or difficult .
 Or inadvisable .
 Or requires legislation .
 One of those .
 Anyway , it could not invalidate an action taken while the order was in force .

 - Judas !
 - I say , look here .
 - You promised to support us !
 - I 'm sorry ...
 You must see that our lease is renewed .
 My dear lady , it 's not in the Minister 's p ...
 Mr Hacker , you have given your word .
 Are you going to keep it ?
 I shall leave no stone ... every avenue ... everything that is humanly possible ...
 - You mean , no .
 - No .
 Yes , I mean no .
 I mean yes .
 Definitely not .
 No .
 Yes , I mean , no .
 Very well .
 Don 't say I haven 't warned you .
 My husband is Deputy Features Editor of the Express .
 Tomorrow morning your name will be manure .
 You will be roasted alive by the national press .
 It falls to few people to be , in the space of 24 hours , both St Francis and St Joan .
 Humphrey , something must be done to stop this farm closing .
 Otherwise , we shall look a complete ... ( BUZZER )
 - Yes ?
 Sir Desmond Glazebrook is outside .
 - What does he want ?
 - I can 't imagine .
 - Send him in !
 It 's Open Day at the Department !
 Minister , I was passing and I 've had an idea .
 If you gave us permission for an extra nine storeys ...
 You asked for six !
 If you gave us nine extra storeys , we could postpone phase three for seven years , leaving this site vacant .
 I was reading this morning in the Financial Times about your visit to the city farm , a jolly good wheeze .
 Our phase three site is only 200 yards away , so you could use it to extend the farm , or if they had to move , it 's a bit larger .
 We thought of calling it " The James Hacker Cuddly Animal Sanctuary . "
 Well , " Animal Sanctuary " , anyway .
 Nine storeys isn 't very much , is it ?
 " James Hacker Animal Sanctuary . "
 Government has to be awfully careful about throttling small businesses .
 The bank isn 't actually a small business .
 It would be if we throttled it , Bernard .
 After all , what is another tower block where there are so many ?
 ( SlR HUMPHREY ) Yes , indeed , Minister .
 I shall be forced to reconsider my decision .
 We 'll be able to give Sir Desmond his six storeys ...
 Nine .
 Nine storeys .
 Let 's make a press announcement .
 To the James Hacker Animal Sanctuary !
 - You were worried about London Transport .
 - They will be glad of the extra fares .
 As for the school ...
 They might welcome the shade .
 In the hot weather , certainly .
 - And privacy ?
 - There are two sides to privacy .
 People might enjoy looking at what goes on in those offices .
 Extraordinary things go on in offices , don 't they ?
 Yes , Minister . http : // episode- heaven . rt . hu
