0 0 : 0 0 : 0 1 , 1 0 0 - -&gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 0 2 , 6 0 0 In the previous 'Sexy Wife' . . . I was just trying to pick myself up and move on
Are you having an affair with my husband?
Suspicion results in tragedy
Well sorry I came to visit R ex V an D e K amp he seems to have had a heart attack
Trust . . . I 'm so sorry to make you suffer like this
After the ordeal, give me the passport and Mr. Solis can visit his mother

ex-husband you abandoned your family
Replaced she was there to throw her arms around Mike Delfino
everyone
Oh your family nanny? Yes, busy with their own business
E die B ritt will never understand why she doesn 't have a female friend
Of course she keeps trying to tell people she doesn 't need one but the fact that other women don 't like her bothers E die
Even after moving to Wisteria Lane . . .
Oh beware it 's fragile
E die doesn 't understand why her neighbors keep their distance from her
Later she met Martha Huber
hello in five minutes Mrs Huber successfully demeaned E die

No. In fact, as long as they are together, Mrs. Huber insults her.
She makes fun of E die for everything from makeup . . . to taste in men
Yes Martha Huber is cruel and rude and downright mean but E die doesn 't mind because she 's E die B ritt 's first real friend
But now Martha Huber is gone and gone without a trace
E die can admit without embarrassment that she needs her back
E d i e ?
Yes
I 'm Felicia Tilman
Martha 's sister
real ?
Is there anything wrong ?
Oh nothing but Martha keeps saying you two look alike
I just don 't see the family resemblance
That does have it just takes a little time to discover
Do you have the key to her house?
I had this makeshift lock installed after the police broke in
Oh yes, the neighbors will be here at noon
We will organize to send out flyers
key ?
Oh right, I know you 're very worried right now
I 'm not worried about E die
Martha and I have a strong bond. We are connected at the most fundamental level I sensed something a few days ago
That 's when I first realized that my sister had an accident. Then my sister didn 't come to my house as planned. From then on, I knew she was dead.

Oh dear no you shouldn 't think like that
Martha just disappeared
no E die she died
But he 's my sister and I 'll find out what happened to her
I say F elicia it 's natural to misbehave when a loved one goes missing
The person I love ?
E die I 'll just say it. . .
i hate Martha
She 's a dirty sow the world will be a better place the day she dies
It was at that moment that E die finally saw the family resemblance
Honorary production
Translation: hepburnlss Proofreading: hepburnlss
Season 1 Episode 11 Moving On
Mrs Huber is missing
The news reverberated through Wisteria Lane until the last resident learned of her disappearance
Numerous neighbors gather at noon
some people volunteer
Some came out of sympathy and some came to find out what the police knew
Do not know what is this
I want you to hand out flyers
Put them in the mall park anywhere you think Mrs Huber might have been seen
We have to act fast and time is precious
E die Would you like to say something?
I represent Martha and her sister F elicia
Thank you all for being here today My last conversation with Martha was full of anger
I can never forgive what I said
I can 't sleep at night thinking about that
I don 't know how she did it but E die managed to turn this into her personal performance
Our E die she 's a genius
Has anyone spoken to Bree? How 's R ex?
She brought him home from the hospital today
I really don 't know how he got a heart attack and he 's so young
Hi Mrs Huber 's sister is so weird
I know
The way she talks about Mrs. Huber like she 's dead
Don 't you think she...
oh no i 'm sure she 's fine we 're talking about Mrs Huber
She 's as alive as a cockroach
I want you to know that everyone at Wisteria Lane is praying for your sister to come home safely
oh i doubt it
What do you mean when you say you won 't look after him?
Dad is out of the hospital today, he should have a place to recuperate
Then he can go to the hotel because I won 't allow him to come back to my house
I thought you two were reconciled what happened? That . . .
between me and your dad
you are so selfish
I 'm really looking forward to the day I put you in a nursing home. I 'm sorry to disappoint you. A ndrew
But my plan is to die young with an embolism
yeah we all have your back but you might not be so lucky
A ndrew do you want to know how long I can hate you?
You can dump my dad, but I promise you you 'll regret it. You wouldn 't say that if you knew . . .
what do you know ?
please tell me i want to know what the hell daddy did ok i 'll take care of him until he recovers but after that

I don 't care if your father is dead
We are different from other families, aren 't we?
yes we are different
Gabrielle, it 's not my fault that your bank account is frozen
I 'm not saying it 's your fault I just want you to fix it
I love the guys who can 't help the justice department, they don 't have much sympathy
I 'm running out of money
I 'll be done in a few weeks
Why don 't you drop some jewelry?
There 's a lot you 've never worn and most of them are ugly
Don 't you have a bathroom to clean?
I 'm so mad at Carlos
What is he thinking about importing goods produced by slave labor?
Why can 't he embezzle public funds like other white-collar criminals?
Justice Department wants to make sure Carlos doesn 't abscond
If he 's on bail now and I can argue that he needs the money to live then they 'll probably unfreeze one of the small accounts
But it 's impossible to bail Carlos unless they get a passport
exactly
You haven 't found it yet, have you?
No doubt Gabrielle wants to go back to her old way of life
But she wants Carlos to suffer a little more for her betrayal
i 'm still looking
In that case you 'd better consider getting a job
i had a good time
yeah i think so too
caught you
Hi is it inconvenient now?
For you? Of course
smart tax stuff i need your signature
We have been divorced for over a year
Year 2003
please come in
Well Mike I don 't think you have officially met my ex-husband Karl Mayer
oh hi Mike D elfino
yeah, plumber
Yeah I can 't find the gasket for this faucet I 'll get it across the street
he looks good
he is good
What do you want me to sign?
Oh, I see
By the way Julie told me about her birthday plans
yes we are going to the hotel in the city center
Someone can play the piano and sing
Julie invited a bunch of her girl friends and we 're going to celebrate
Julie loves to sing that idea sounds good
hello
Say hello to Brandi for me actually um . . .
we broke up
Isn 't it? What happened?
I ran into her in bed with another man
It 's okay to enjoy your happy time you deserve it
not really i . . . i 'm sorry you have to go through that
Um. . .
I 'm really sad now
thanks
You can try tearing up those old photos and it will be better
happy weekend
Don 't forget to tell me how the party went Karl . . .
Do you want to join? Susan . . .
You 're the best
oh um. yeah i 'm the best isn 't it ?
If we 're going to buy a water heater, we should talk
We can go to the mall tomorrow and drop the price tomorrow
Can we talk again tomorrow?
I just want to plan my day
please darling i 'm so tired
All right


- Honey? - Huh?
Have you installed the coffee pot yet?
Oh Nope
I 'll get it done tomorrow morning I promise I 'll get up early and get it done
- Tom . . . - hmm
Tom . . . please
thanks
It does not matter

Claire ? I . . . I am. . .
Oh sorry I didn 't know you were up
yeah i thought y 'all were still asleep
i was going upstairs
Do you want me to make coffee?
yes yes that is very good yes yes
i was going to uh i was going to go back to the room
OK
OK
Good night
Good night
By the way, if we go to the mall, we can go to the shoe store
you said you wanted new running shoes
what ?
Oh
The next morning, while the search for Mrs. Huber continued
Lynette discovers a little family secret . . .
A secret she never imagined
good morning good morning
Want some coffee? ok thanks
I don 't want to come down until Tom goes to work
I still feel a little embarrassed
For what? Oh didn 't he tell you?
That was kind of funny actually . . . I was doing some laundry and I noticed some baby food on my robe so I threw it in the washing machine I thought I could just rush back upstairs while everyone was sleeping
Then I met Tom
I was naked
So when did Claire happen?
I don 't know it 's late
I think he might have come down to make coffee or something
No way
Oh
Oh wow this is impressive I could definitely get you a modeling job
But you should know it 's different from what you used to do in New York Milan
Of course I used to make $10,000 a day
I don 't expect . . . to make that much here
That 's good because you can 't earn
What 's your job then?
There are some
fairview mall needs a model showing the new buicklacrosse
$300 a day for you and your car on a rotating platform
Um, is there anything else?
Of course
Hmm. Can you dance the sword?
Science fiction convention needs someone to dress up as a warrior princess
A warrior princess?
Mr Gibb I am a professional model
Look at this skeleton, this face is a source of wealth
If you don 't have the vision to take advantage of it, I think I 'm in the wrong place
Hey look baby I 'm the only model agent within a hundred miles
I sign models for boat shows and garden tool shows
Go back to town if you don 't like this um buick event . . .
Does it include lunch?
just wanted to let you know
I appreciate everything you 've done for me oh I don 't need your gratitude
The only reason you 're here is because your kids are first-rate blackmailers
you didn 't tell them . . .
Your adultery? No I decided to keep this 'gem' to myself
Listen I know this is real forced acceptance . . .
Yeah, that 's what the doctor said you might be here for weeks
Would it make you feel better if I told you I was sorry for what I did?
yes that would . . . if i had any feelings for you
But the truth is that your place in my heart is now empty
You must still have feelings for me
Why do you think that? Oh please Bree look at it all
you used good china just pressed napkins garden flowers
Do me a favor by preparing this plate with a heart R ex . . .
Don 't Confuse Anal Retention With Real Emotions
Wait a moment
Well now I feel better
what ?
you really . . . oh my god i love you
Oh
hmmm . . that 's good
Wait a minute, that 's what I accidentally said.
No, that 's great, that 's a little bit of a surprise
I mean I wanted to say that to you too
Yeah but you 're not ready that 's okay
You 're not crazy, are you?
no god we haven 't dated in so long you 've been busy with other things i get it
very good
Things? What do you think I have?
I said I took back what I said I don 't love you anymore

Actually I just see you as a good partner
No, no, no, it 's obvious that you think you see through me
So come and talk
Divorce Hurts You and Makes You Vulnerable
That 's awesome, even the postman knows this
It 's possible that you still have feelings for your ex
what ?
I hate Karl, the postman would agree with that
I 'm sure part of you do hate him but um and part of you still miss him
Where did you get it from?
What was the first thing you did when your ex broke up with the woman he abandoned his family? You hugged him
And invite him to the party
All right
Tonight 's analysis part is over
hi. is your question
You know what? Tomorrow night you 're coming to Julie 's party and you 'll see me and Karl
Then you 'll see that I don 't have any feelings for him in fact I bought a ticket to a basketball game . . .
In fact, you 're supposed to come to the party tomorrow.
That 's what I got when I said 'I love you'
what ?
nothing
for you
Hello Mrs George V an D e K amp you look lovely today
You always say the sweetest things
Uh, uh, yes
You see I have a prescription for Rex I don 't know if you heard that Rex had a heart attack
I don 't know is he okay?
yes he . . . he will survive but um the doctor said he might have carditis
Do you know anything about that? It 's an inflammation of the diaphragm around the heart
It will take several months to determine that the condition is no longer progressing but he needs ongoing care
as i heard
Bree catches a glimpse of her disgusting future as the word 'continuing care' echoes in her head . . .
ok for you
And that prompted her to find an ancient remedy
George do you want to have dinner with me?
hmm you mean dating ?
yes i think that would be interesting
What about your husband?
Oh him
We were separated and although Mrs Huber was still missing, Wisteria Lane began to return to normal life
Until an interesting find on the dirt road by the interstate
I 'm Officer Burton
I found an abandoned vehicle registered to a missing person named Martha Huber Please let me know
Neighbors decide to unite as news of this mysterious discovery spreads
Show their support and look for clues . . .
or worse
I pay attention to things on the horizon
Please let me know if I step on a part of my body
It 's a search and rescue not a find and we don 't know if she 's dead yet yeah people often pretend to be kidnapped
Can we talk about something less frustrating?
yes i have something to do . . .
Mike told me he loves me
Oh my god !
Here! They found the body! No sorry! Made a mistake! We didn 't find the body

Well Susan has some good news
- I 'm sorry - it 's alright, it 's just a mistake
That 's no surprise, Susan always has a way to show off
Ladies and gentlemen I present to you the charming buicklacrosse it . . . it has a well-crafted interior
Silent Silent Engine Tuning and Ultrasonic Rear Parking Support
Please pay attention to the remote starter
Well it has a lot of other wonderful good cool car stuff
Tom Lynette what are you doing here?
We 're buying a new water heater, how about you?
buy something to ease my mind
Hi Gabby do you need help? Looks like you 're stuck here
I think so
- Don 't worry about me coming - I guess I 'm too close to the turntable
I don 't know a thing about these buicks please you bastard
You know them well-built interior and silent engine tuning
Well, it 's too formal for shopping
oh well i want shoes and clothes to match
this is um sarah
My shopping buddies we like to go shopping together
So girls, um, go shopping, bye
goodbye
Oh look you are going out?
none of your business but um i have a date
Dating? What kind of dating? R ex I don 't want to say anything that will make you unhappy
Doctors say too much stress can cause another heart attack
It was a romantic date with a single attractive man I really wanted to eat him raw
Oh the time is right
- Hi. - Hi.
I do some gardening in my free time. I thought you might like these
oh my gosh they are so delicate
compost and eggshells ?
Yes
oh please come in thanks
George you remember R ex
Well I thought you said you separated
Oh yes emotionally and materially he lives here because his lover doesn 't want to take care of him
What would you like to drink?
No, I 'm fine, thank you
Re ex say hi to George
Hi George Hi Doctor V an D e K amp I put these in the water
George you sit down and I 'll be right back
Well how is your heart Doctor V an D e K amp ?
- It 's better. How about the pharmacy? - Busy, busy
is there anything funny
Now Bree is trying to make me sad
All you can do is laugh
yes i think so
Oh these words are so beautiful the best flowers I have ever received
Let 's go ?
Hmm nice to talk to you Dr. Van D e K amp
Please call me Re ex on your date with my wife
The sales lady who sold us water heaters . . . she 's good looking
I think so I didn 't notice
Oh how is that possible? She 's the kind you like-- Busty and curvy
What are you doing ?
Nothing I said you like curvy women like that sales lady or Claire
I only like one type of you
Oh you kissed me like this conversation is over and it 's not over yet
Why am I in trouble? I did nothing wrong
The only reason you had sex with me that night was because you just saw Claire naked
oh crap
Claire is a good babysitter and it would be stupid to lose her because of this
You and I both liked someone we told each other
Let 's talk and laugh together and it 's over, it 's no big deal
What worries me this time is that you are clearly attracted and you deny why?
I didn 't deny anything
Oh then you 're attracted to her
I didn 't say what are you doing?
We 're not going anywhere until you admit you 're attracted to our babysitter
T om it 's okay she 's tempting
Men Naturally Want to Seed Young Women
That 's the fundamental flaw in your gender I understand just let me . . .
Is there any problem we all want to get out of here?
My husband doesn 't admit he has lust in his heart
Can you give us some time?
Lynette Claire is attractive yes
But I 'm not attracted to her
I said if I had the slightest idea that Claire was around something would happen
I 'll be the first to fire her, she 's you, you 're my favorite
always you, always you
well reasonable
" T h e n   a s   a   c o d a   w e   d r i n k   i c e   c r e a m   s o d a   h e r e   d o w n   a t   t h e   o l d   f i v e   a n d   d i m e   y e a h "
yeah you guys are awesome
thanks
Well, we can dance upstairs, we 're going to see
ok have fun
E die come here
What is she doing here? Why can 't I bring a company? I heard you invited him


Out of all of them you picked that one . . .
- E die - Hi Susan oh thank you for inviting me
I really need something to help me forget about Martha for a while
kiss the birthday boy
Well E die is not his birthday
Oh oh
Thank you George what a great night it was my pleasure
There is no better conversation than with a beautiful woman in front of a delicious meal
Then I think I should go in
I 'm glad we did
Me too
A ndrew where did you come from ?
I just got back from Brian 's house, what are you doing?
Oh do you remember Mr Williams our pharmacist
- Hello, are you OK ?
What are you doing in his car?
We were talking, Mr. Williams invited me to dinner
you mean dating ?
Um. . .
Yes
You know she 's married, right?
A ndrew your dad and I separated, you know
I don 't care Can you just wait until he moves out?
The only reason he 's at home is because you want me to babysit him
So... what are you going to do?
You . . . are you ready to have sex ?
- No we can 't have sex - why not ?
'Cause I 'm not an adulterer like your dad
yes your dad had an affair i found out and i tried to get on with my life
you should watch out for her she 's a liar
A n d r e w . . .

despite her growing debt
Gabrielle is determined to prove she can do well without Carlos ' money but until the power goes out
She just woke up
Mr Hartley my name is Gabrielle S olis
I need you to proceed on Carlos ' bail immediately
I just remembered where I put my passport B ut II took thesweetlife
n e v e r   k n e w   I ' d   b e   b i t t e r   f r o m   t h e   s w e e t   I   s p e n t   m y   l i f e   e x p l o r i n g   t h e   s u b t l e   w h o r i n g
t h a t   c o s t s   t o o   m u c h   t o   b e   f r e e   h e y   l a d y   I ' v e   b e e n   t o   p a r a d i s e
but I  'veneverbeen
t o   m e
Oh, thanks
oh you are awesome
Well you are the next susie Q. What do you sing?

Okay
you sing
I do not think so
i want to hear you sing
Forget it, plumber, she can 't sing
Do you want to hear me sing?
Yes
OK
What to sing? I 'll tell the pianist
" N e w   y o r k   n e w   y o r k "
I 'm so excited to hear you sing
Oh but isn 't that just right?
What do you mean ?
You sing in front of everyone in a room full of people wearing this
I hope they don 't get teased by you
I think I 'll try it out like those high notes you just had
I 'll go get us those two more glasses
very good
Well Mike . . . he looks solid
yeah he 's a good man
but you know i mean brown guy
Don 't you worry that you will get bored one day?
Thank you for your concern Karl I am fine
That 's good, though our marriage is crazy at times, it 's never monotonous

Yeah the part where you sleep with your secretary is really exciting
I know how many more times I have to listen? That was a mistake
But shouldn 't I get some credit for 13 years of faithful marriage?
Aren 't you counting Henderson 's Christmas party?
E die not now
Oh what 's up Karl ? Your marriage is history
E die that 's nothing really we 're all just hit hard
We found ourselves standing under the mistletoe and we were like 'okay what are we going to do next'
Then I laughed and he laughed and Karl came over and started to caress me


- Susie 's not like that - ok Susan come on what 's your turn? This is . . . so boring
S u s i e . . .
Ladies and gentlemen please welcome Susan Mayer
S t a r t   s p r e a d i n '   t h e   n e w s
I ' m   l e a v i n '   t o d a y   I   w a n n a   b e   a   p a r t   o f   i t   n e w   y o r k   n e w   y o r k
t h e s e   v a g a b o n d   s h o e s
you 're an asshole you know? don 't please keep playing
A r e   l o n g i n g   t o   s t r a y   t h e r e ' s   a   w o r d   y o u   k n o w   r i g h t ?   A n d   g e t   a r o u n d   t h e   h e a r t   o f   i t
n e w   y o r k   n e w   y o r k
I   w a n n a
It 's one thing to tell you that affair I mean I forgive you  'cause it 's just that
I thought you loved her now I realize you 're just looking for women at parties
T o p   o f   t h e   h e a p
Karl, don 't turn your head to look at me!
You know what you did when we were still married? How many women did you date?
God attest I will never feel sorry for you again unless it snows on the mountain of hell!
N ewyork when police started questioning residents of Wisteria Lane about the mysterious disappearance of Martha Huber
My husband Paul realizes that the police investigation will soon come to an end now that he knows the police haven 't found the suspect yet
He decided to direct them to the most logical candidate. You see, if Paul knew one thing about the suburbs, it was . . . no one else
People who just moved in are more suspicious
Parker started sniffing yeah I noticed that too hope he doesn 't catch a cold
He 's not coughing yet but he 's getting a runny nose
I 'm going to make an appointment with the doctor I 've always thought safety is more important than regret The kid 's sickness is . . . sorry . . . uncontrollable . . .
Hey kids with a cold . . . that 's a vicious circle
Mmmm Claire ?
we 're going to make some changes
what are you doing ?
I 'm sorting out what your dad brought when he finally moved out, let me help you
I talked to my dad
So what you said is true
oh andrew i 'm so sorry to tell you that
no i 'm glad you did that now i know
Every boy goes through this moment
When did he find his dad messing around? Nope
Found out that his father was just an ordinary person
Then why are you watching him? Is it because of what Danielle said to me? You can forget those words
I can help you move his stuff to the street
You 're nice but I 'm babysitting him because I 'm supposed to
Why are you acting so weak? I mean he cheated on you
he 's a jerk
A n d r e w . . .
You 're not allowed to say that about your father in front of me
Why not? I 'm really on your side this time
yes i 'm mad at him
I 'll divorce him I might marry someone else but don 't get me wrong your dad is my love now and forever
He gave me the best 18 years of marriage . . .
the best i could hope for
Just for that you should respect him
All right

What 's the matter? I 'm really busy
I 'm here to apologize
Oh come in like this, I 'm not busy at all
I can 't believe E die will say it all
Susan. Sorry
i think i hurt you
Me too
just wanted to let you know
I 'm sorry for the gaffe at the party
I shouldn 't let you affect me like that
what ?
I still have an influence on you, don 't I?
That 's the difference between me and a plumber
don 't get me wrong he 's a good guy i like him
But I bet you don 't have what we have between us
There are always sparks between us ?
What I 'm trying to say is that after what I 've been through, you must think he 's very secure. A moray is more secure than you.
That 's exactly what I was trying to say . . . that tit-for-tat joke. . .
we still quarrel
tell you . . . i hate those things
please you have to admit the good old days
is the best
what are you talking about ?
let 's try again
Do you want me back? Yeah yeah I realize now
You are the woman I was destined for
oh oh - - that 's right
You . . . do you want to move back . . . and be loyal to me and love me with all your heart?


Of course
oh my god this is awesome
yeah i know i know i want to kiss you oh my god no k arl hmm no ,
I say great because I don 't know if I still have feelings for you I don 't know if I still love you deep down


Then? Then. . .
feel nothing
Please you must still feel
Yeah, actually I 'm still embarrassed
oh god

S u s a n
Mike guess what?
I love you
you sure ?
Yes
I 'm not here at the right time?
Well they 're asking some questions about Mrs. Huber
i love him you can write it in your little book
We are all looking for someone
He can bring what 's missing in our lives
Some people can provide companionship . . .
George ? Hi it 's me . . .
B r e e
I was wondering if you are free next saturday ?
are you free? that would be great or help
I need someone with experience and preferably unattractive

or safety
hi dear lawyer have you got any good news? you can be bailed i found your passport
Sometimes if we look hard we can find . . .
well i just say hi i love you
Someone who can provide all three of the above Okay that 's enough yeah we 're all looking for someone
if we can 't find them
Then we can only pray
they will find us
What did you find, little guy?
The subtitles of this forum are only for translation and learning purposes. Any commercial use is prohibited. Otherwise, the consequences will be at your own risk- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Translation: hepburnlss Proofreading: hepburnlss
Season 1 Episode 11 Moving On
