 Previously on " The Originals "
 This town was my home once , and in my absence ,
 Marcel has gotten everything that I ever wanted . I want it back .
 I hereby pledge my allegiance to you .
 You have the keys to my kingdom .
 You 're choosing him over me , aren 't you , again ?
 The only reward anyone ever gets from loving Niklaus is suffering and death .
 Niklaus , the girl is carrying your child .
 You 're coming with me , little wolf .
 I 've been deemed under protection by the almighty Klaus .
 I believe it is time for my niece Cami to leave town . Leave New Orleans .
 Forget everything .
 Do I know you ?
 You 've been compelled .
 It 's ok . I can fix you .


 For centuries , people have come to New Orleans
 looking for a fresh start , hoping to find fortune , adventure , even love , young society women imported from France with the promise of marrying a proper New Orleans gentleman ,
 Like the legendary Casket Girls .


 Little did they know that the men who awaited them were far from proper and not at all gentle .
 Get them out .
 We want to see the women .


 Come out .
 Come out here .
 Come on . We want the women .

 Oh , there , there , little lambs . All the bad men have gone away .


 Us girls have got to stick together . Now , is there anything you want to take with you ?


 The Casket Girls ' legend lives on , now celebrated in typical New Orleans fashion with stylish costumes and supernatural flair .
 It 's a yearly reminder of how women can be oppressed by selfish men and how they can triumph when brave enough to fight for themselves .

 Oh , god , it hurts ! I 'm sorry , Cami .
 It 's the only way to break all of Klaus ' compulsion .
 Believe me , I know what it 's like .
 You 're ok , and , hey , all these notes that you made ,
 It 's very " memento " of you .
 Nice work . We 've been at this all night .
 I don 't understand what 's happening to me .
 I don 't understand any of this .
 But you will .
 I will unlock every stolen memory , undo every piece of mind control that any vampire has ever done to you .

 When I am done , you will understand all of it , and you 'll be free .

 I can stop if you want me to .
 No . Don 't stop .

 I want to remember everything .



 Would you like some help ?

 You might need to use all your vampire strength .
 Allow me .

 Thanks .
 Not too many pregnant Casket Girls , I guess .
 I think you look lovely , only I would ...
 I know , keep the freaky werewolf birthmark covered .
 Well , I don 't suspect any of the riffraff here would dare lay a hand on you knowing that you 're under the protection of my family .
 Still , we shouldn 't take any chances .

 All knocked up and nowhere to go .
 You know ...
 If you wanted to attend the festivities tonight , I 'd be more than willing to take you .

 You and Klaus are barely on speaking terms . Let 's not rock the boat , ok ?
 Of course .

 Elijah ...
 Do you mind ?

 Not at all .



 Dull , dreary , hideous . Talking about the clothes or something else ?
 Why , feeling insecure ?
 This festival might as well be in my honor .
 I need a proper costume , so bugger off .

 - Bekah ... - Don 't . You made your choice .


 You and Klaus are best friends again .
 You 've relinquished your right to touch me .
 Wonder who that could be .

 What 's up ? Bit of an issue .
 Seems our little bird has flown the coop .

 You should start to feel it , like a weight lifting .
 And your cheat sheets are about to make a lot more sense .
 I promise , as soon as the world stops hunting me , I will find the daylight ring spell .
 I know . Just don 't worry about that right now .


 I remember why I wrote this . I found a picture of
 Klaus and Marcel from 1919 .
 Klaus compelled me to go out with Marcel to spy on him .
 That 's what he said yesterday before he told me to forget . I 'm remembering .

 Let 's take you back more .

 Leave New Orleans . Forget me .
 Your brother was ill .
 There 's no reason to stay .

 You don 't have to be Sherlock Holmes to know the obvious . Our secret weapon has escaped .
 She wouldn 't just leave .
 She knows the witches want her back .
 Her violin is missing .
 She may have left of her own volition .
 What did you say to her in the attic ?
 She lied to my face so she could stay up there thinking that you 'd help her control her magic .
 How do we know that you didn 't take her ?
 I have no idea where Davina is or why she ran away .

 Can I suggest you take a step back ?
 I can assure you , I have absolutely no desire to see that child come into harm 's way .
 She 's suffered enough with this harvest ritual nonsense .
 That child to whom you refer so affectionately is the most powerful witch in New Orleans .
 If she 's fled , what 's to stop her from destroying us , in fact , destroying all we 've worked for ?
 No .
 If she 's not a friend to this family , then she is our enemy .
 She is a friend , Klaus . Well , let 's hope so .
 Lucky for you , I know how to get her back .
 Follow my lead .

 You know how Niklaus operates . If he perceives a threat , he can become quite ruthless .
 This would not bode well for Davina .
 I 'm not gonna let anybody lay a finger on her .
 Nor will I.

 So the witch is missing , huh ?
 Walked right out the front door , apparently .
 Know anything about it ?
 No , although I did tell her that the witch elders were dead .
 Well , why would she care when the witches tried to kill her in their ritual ?
 I think it was more that Marcel didn 't tell her that the one thing preventing her from being free had been eliminated .
 So you are the reason she 's run off .
 Hey , I was just telling her the truth .
 She 's the one who realized they were just using her to keep their control over the witches .
 Well , I 've never been a fan of the boys club .

 Just wait .
 Elijah will join them , and the three of them will be impossible .

 Used by the witches , lied to by Marcel , manipulated by Elijah , threatened by Klaus ...
 She 's like a modern- day casket girl .

 Are you talking about Davina or yourself ?
 Does it matter ?

 Either way , us girls have got to stick together .
 Sorry to interrupt .

 Been calling you for like an hour . I thought you 'd have taken the hint .

 You 've been acting like this since Agnes was killed . Yeah . Can you blame me ?
 It 's not like I have a lot to keep me going these days .
 Well , while you 've been drowning your sorrows by nailing everything that walks ,
 I 've been doing my tours , keeping my head down my ears open .
 Marcel 's daywalkers are scouring the whole town looking for a girl -- brown hair , blue eyes .
 Sound familiar ?

 If Davina is not with Marcel , he won 't know if we 're practicing magic .
 And if we can actually get her back , we can fix everything .
 Sun goes down , vampire search parties quadruple .
 I got this from her family 's old house . Feel like a locator spell ?

 Keep drinking .
 You need the vervain in your system so you can 't be compelled again .
 Hey , Cami , you don 't have any human blood in your fridge , do you ?
 For crying out loud , here .

 Davina ?
 Someone is practicing magic .

 They 're trying to find me .

 Then we have to run .

 There is no way to sneak me out of the quarter .
 By now , everyone is looking for me --
 The witches , Marcel , Klaus .
 My uncle will know what to do .
 - Cami ... - I mean , he has to know somewhat of - what 's going on in this town , right ...
 - Cami , stop .
 Unless he 's been compelled .
 He knows . What are you talking about ?
 He knows .
 He works with Marcel .
 They 're practically friends .
 I hear them talk .
 He knows everything .
 No .
 He would 've told me if he knew the witches put a hex on my brother .
 He knows ?
 Cami ...
 Oh , my god .
 He knows .
 Hey , you guys seriously need to go , like now --
 Plane , train , automobile , whatever .
 Take my car .
 It 's parked down at the docks .
 I 'll text you the where . Put your number in Cami 's phone .
 Most of the quarter is shut down right now .
 We 'll have to walk , and the sun is taking forever to go down .
 Hey , no tears .
 Promise you 'll meet us as soon as it gets dark out .
 Yeah , but don 't worry about me .
 Just don 't let them find you .
 I know Klaus told you to follow me , but does it really mean you have to follow me to the bathroom ?

 Just give me two minutes .
 It 's my gynecologist .
 What the hell do you want ?
 I know you don 't trust me , but you need to listen .
 Everything is about to change .
 Davina is on the loose . Figured that out on your own , huh ?
 Remind me again why I should give a damn .
 I need something from you so that the witches can complete the harvest .
 On what planet would I help you witches get more power ?
 All you 've done is hex me left and right .
 You 'll help me because if we don 't complete the harvest , our access to magic will fade for good , which doesn 't bode well for your family .
 What do you know about my family ?
 You 're from the crescent wolf bloodline .
 Marcel forced a witch to curse them so they 'd be trapped in wolf form .
 And I should keep listening to you because --
 Because my bloodline executed that curse .
 Help me complete the harvest , and I 'll undo the curse for you .
 But what can I do ?
 I need to consecrate the remains of a powerful witch so I can absorb their magic .
 I know of one whose body was never found .
 Her name is Celeste Dubois .
 I believe you and she have a friend in common .
 Elijah .
 Story goes that when she died , he buried her in a secret spot at her request .
 All you need to do is find out where .
 There 's people everywhere .
 Just keep walking .
 No one knows it 's you .
 Cami ...
 We have to get off this street .
 Kieran is gonna call me first if he hears anything .
 Ah , you two look rather cozy .
 Hardly . I was just telling Elijah how we 're wasting time .
 You don 't like festivals ?
 I don 't see why not ?
 Who doesn 't love a street fair ?
 Sister , come to help us find our stray ?
 We can 't let your secret weapon get in the wrong hands , can we ?
 For the record , we are moments away from retrieving her .
 Recognize that tone of voice , Niklaus .
 Clearly , you have some diabolical machination .
 What is it ?
 Timothy ...
 Might I have a word ?
 Cami , hey , it 's me ... again ... Stalking you .
 Just really need to know where you guys are so I can meet you before the sun comes up ... Again .
 Heh .
 Look .

 Uh , hello ?
 Joshua , my most disappointing minion ,
 I suspected you wouldn 't answer the call were it from me .
 Klaus , hey , what up ?
 Guess what . I just moved to Turkey .
 Weirdly , they don 't eat turkey here .
 - Go figure .
 - You 're lying .
 In fact , Marcel and I were just chatting about your failed double agent status , and we 've surmised that you 're likely still in town and in the company of a friend --
 A young , angry witch .
 Nope . Nope .
 No witches here .
 Totally digging turkey , though . Are you really gonna leave Davina 's fiddler soulmate Timothy alone with me ?

 Oh , Josh , what would she think of that ?
 I assure you , I just want to talk to her .
 Tim and I will be at the compound .
 I really do hope she comes home soon .
 We should keep moving .
 How long do we have to wait ?
 Give it a few minutes .
 Then I 'll check to see if the coast is clear .
 Josh , sorry I missed your calls .
 What ?
 I didn 't want to tell you , but I know Klaus .
 If Davina doesn 't show up , he 'll kill Tim .
 We 'll think of something .
 Make your way to the quarter .
 Stay hidden .
 We 'll text you when we have a plan .
 - I have to go .
 - Davina , wait . I can 't let Tim die .
 What 's wrong ?
 The witches .
 Gadyen nan balans .
 Gadyen nan la foi .
 Se pou nou fe sa yo dwe fe .
 No !
 Cami ?

 I 'm just grabbing some clothes .
 Give me two minutes , please .


 Celeste entrances me .
 She is perfection .
 She is dead .
 Even as the sun rises , I see only night .
 But for the promise I made to her that in death , I would bury her far from the mayhem of witches , vampires , and men .

 I 'm so sorry , Elijah .



 Hey .
 It 's just me .
 Don 't , like , melt me .
 What are you doing ?
 You 're supposed to be hidden .
 Yeah .
 So are you , remember , but you 're kind of working that whole " girl on a mission " Look that makes me nervous .
 Are you sure that you really want to mess with the baddest dude in all of history ?
 He messed with me when he took Tim .
 I 'll kill him , all of them .
 Davina , originals can 't be killed .
 Maybe they can . I have so much power ,
 I 've never felt anything like it before .
 It 's growing , gathering inside me .
 I 'm strong , Josh .
 If you kill them , then --
 What ?
 If you 're gonna do it , don 't hold back .
 You hit them with all you got .
 That was very sweet , not telling Davina that if she kills Klaus ,
 You die , too , very noble .
 Problem is , she goes after my brother , she 'll be the one who ends up dead ,
 A very unnecessary end to an already- tragic story .

 Perhaps you 'd like to help me help her .

 Where 's Rebekah gotten off to ?
 It 's not Rebekah that I 'm concerned about , and how are you be so certain that Davina will come ?
 One might think you 've forgotten what it 's like to be in the grip of an all- consuming infatuation .
 She 'll come .
 Are the maudlin theatrics absolutely necessary , Niklaus ?
 Ha ! It 's a fair point ,
 Timothy , play something a little more upbeat , please .
 That 's a good lad .

 Took you long enough to spread the word .
 Have you met his nightwalkers ? Not the brightest assortment .
 All that matters is , I got it covered .
 When Davina gets here , you two need to let me do the talking .
 Well , I 'm sure you 'll have your chance .
 Hello , luv .
 Silence is golden , Timothy .
 Thank you .

 Davina ?
 You got me here . Now let him down .
 Well , first , we have to have a little chat about you returning to the fold .

 What did I say , Klaus ?
 I got this .
 D. , what happened ?
 Why 'd you run ?
 Talk to me . Hey , I can make it right .
 How , by threatening my friend ?
 Actually , that was my idea .
 Apologies . I 've been known to go too far to make a point ,
 But I do always get results .
 You pretend to be so confident , but I know the truth .
 you 're afraid everyone can see what you really are -- an animal ...

 a beast .

 Why don 't you show us your real face ?

 That 's enough of you .
 Davina , you don 't have to do this .
 You --
 You looked me in the eyes and lied to my face , pretended you wanted to help me .
 Listen to me .
 You call yourself the noble one , but you 're a killer just like your brother .
 For 1, 000 years , you fed on innocent blood .
 Why don 't you choke on it ?

 And you --

 I trusted you .
 I loved you , but you were just using me to stay in power .
 You don 't care about me . You 're wrong .
 When you lost to Klaus , you handed me over like some trophy .
 Maybe I should boil you in bronze .
 I care .
 I took you in like you were my own blood .

 Come on now , luv .
 Don 't tell me you were falling for that .
 Isn 't it time for us girls to have a chat ?


 Now , that is impressive , and well- deserved , in my opinion .
 Now , before you turn on me ,
 I have a surprise for you .

 Josh , what are you doing ? Get out of here .
 What are you doing ?
 Now , if I were Klaus , I would rip
 Josh 's head from his neck , feed it to a nightwalker , and that would be the end of your friend ...

 But hurting people is such a boyish thing to do ,
 like how Klaus compelled your fiddler on the roof , and , while I am many things , I 'm certainly not my brother .

 It 's ok , Timothy .
 You can come down . No one is gonna hurt you .
 He told me I couldn 't climb down off this beam .
 Then don 't climb , silly .
 Am I the only smart one in the room ?
 Jump .

 Davina , how did you do all that ?
 How did I even get here ?
 I 'll explain everything , I promise .

 Why are you doing this ?
 Seems to me that you 're the one holding all the cards , but you don 't know who to trust .
 I 've just proven that you can trust me .
 Now I 'd like to show you one more thing .
 Won 't take long .
 You can bring your friends .
 Oh , Sophie , I told you everything that I found .
 You said he buried her between two lovely oak saplings .
 News flash -- that was 200 years ago .
 They 're all just trees now .
 You want to be the all- powerful witch , keep looking .
 Say a prayer . Have a little faith .
 You can do this .
 Ok .
 Soeurs et freres , mwen rele sou nou .
 Mennen me sa me chache .

 Please , please help me .
 I 'm trying to do the right thing .



 Oh , don 't worry .
 They 're not really dead , just really hungry , and I 'm not helping .
 You think my brother Nik is awful ?
 Marcel learned from the best . This is how he treats his so- called friends who betray him .
 Most of what these poor souls did is no worse than what Josh did .
 Take Thierry , for example .
 He was Marcel 's most trusted friend .
 Klaus tricked him into breaking one of Marcel 's rules .
 Marcel knows this , and yet he keeps Thierry
 locked in here day after day suffering .
 This is insane . Why are you telling me this ?
 Because you need to know who you 're dealing with , who you can trust .

 Hey , hey , it 's gonna be ok .
 I mean , you 're gonna be all right .
 Here . Drink something .
 Davina , both you and I have been lied to and taken advantage of by Marcel and Klaus .
 Maybe together , we can get a little payback .
 Uh , guys ?
 Tim ?


 It was Klaus .
 He made me do it .
 I didn 't even know what I was doing until I made you --
 Made her what ?
 Drink .


 Tim ?
 Klaus poisoned the water .
 Tim ?

 Davina ?
 Oh , no .


 Cami , are you all right ?
 Did you eat today ? Oh , you must have fainted .

 Yeah , or I got mystically cold cocked by 3 witches .
 Where 's Davina ?
 Does your friend Marcel know she 's here ?
 Cami , I can explain .
 Vampires ? Witches ?
 My brother , your nephew , hexed by a witch .
 How could you not tell me ?
 It 's complicated .
 There 's a lot you don 't understand . You hid the truth from me .
 You let me believe that Sean was crazy , that I was crazy , instead of telling me the truth .
 I was protecting you .

 You saw what happened to Sean .
 Cami , please --
 Get the hell away from me .
 You are every bit as bad as the other monsters in this city .

 Oh , isn 't this monumentally awkward .

 Rebekah , where are you ?
 I 'm with Davina , and she 's dying because of your treachery .
 Well , I tried to talk to her out of respect for Marcel , but she made it quite clear she is not our friend .
 My apologies is you thought she was yours .
 Just tell me how to cure her . Vampire blood isn 't working .
 No . It wouldn 't .
 You see , the poison I compelled Timothy to feed her is quite potent .
 It 's just a matter of time for her .
 For both of them , you diabolical bastard .
 They 're children . We could 've dealt with her fairly .
 There is no dealing with those who threaten us .
 Davina sealed her fate when she stood against me .
 This was her choice , not mine .


 Oh , come on .
 The stench of your judgment is overwhelming .
 Need I remind you that Davina just bested the lot of us ?
 I did what had to be done .

 Don 't worry , Elijah .
 I remain as redeemable as ever .
 So you compelled that boy to poison Davina without consulting Marcel or myself .
 You know what the worst part is ?
 Is that you 're so predictable ,
 I had to make an alliance with your brother , who I don 't even like .

 Judging by your expression , you have something you 'd like to share .
 Damn straight , I do .
 I got a call from Kieran earlier , right after Sabine and some witches almost got their hands on Davina first .

 Oh , hello .
 Let me guess , protection spell ?
 You think I 'd let a day where witches can do magic pass by without one ?
 They all should 've done the same .

 You broke one of my rules , Sabine , and I 'm guessing that spell of yours is probably a one- time deal .
 I 'll give you two choices -- an immediate reunion with your dearly departed friends or you can do that same spell for a young witch friend of mine .
 Yeah .
 You probably know which one I 'm talking about .

 So when you slipped away to allegedly check on your nightwalkers , you were , in fact , colluding with a witch .
 That 's very clever .
 I suppose I should be proud .
 Eh , I just wanted to make sure
 I had a failsafe just in case , as Elijah expected , you started acting like you .
 Except that now you 've involved the witches , who , last time I checked , were enemy to us all , to everything we have , and to our family .
 Davina is Marcel 's family , Niklaus , or did that somehow slip your mind as you tried to take her life ?

 You will call Rebekah .
 You 'll tell her that Davina will recover .
 Do wish the same could be said for that boy .



 Tim .
 Tim ?
 Tim ?
 Tim , Tim , wake up .
 Tim , please wake up .
 Open your eyes .
 No , no .
 Please wake up .
 Please don 't leave me alone .


 Is she ok ?

 She 's devastated and exhausted .
 Where 's her room ?
 No .
 I got her .
 I got her .



 It is said that this is a man 's world , and sometimes it is .



 For every Casket girl that was saved , countless others were not ...
 She 'll never trust me again .
 Perhaps .
 You must never surrender the fight to reclaim that trust .
 But women are more resilient than given credit for ...
 These drawings , what are they ?
 She drew those the whole time she was in the attic , said they 're different than what she draws when she senses magic .

 These ones , she called them evil .
 And some women , well ,
 let 's just say , their oppressors had better watch out .




 Surprised to see me ?
 After all , you did compel me to leave town .
 You remember . Chalk one up for decompulsion . Hurts like hell , but it 's worth it ,
 Made me realize exactly why I want to stick around ,
 Oh , and , Klaus , if you hurt Davina or Josh in any way , I 'll expose you to the world , and then you can kiss the french quarter good- bye forever .

 Have a nice night .

 I , too , am resilient , and I 'm tired of being oppressed .
 For 1, 000 years , my brother has taken what he wants in whatever way he wants , regardless of the consequences .
 Marcel seems determined to allow it , and Elijah stands right by his side futilely awaiting the day that he 'll change .


 So men suck .

 What do you want me to do about it ?
 Despite your dire warnings to Marcel , he just can 't seem to quit my brother .
 The two of them stand side by side ruling this city whilst you 're left in here to rot .

 I want you to help me take New Orleans right out from under all of their noses , and I have something they won 't see coming , someone on the inside .
 She 's quite the resilient girl herself .



 You ok ?
 I 'm better now .
 How was your day ?

 Killer .

 What 's with the artwork ?
 Davina 's sketches .
 I wonder if they represent some kind of premonition .
 They seem to suggest something is coming ...
 Something sinister .



 Oh , my god , isn 't that --
 Hello , Celeste .


 Come on , Sophie . Pick up .
 Pick up .
