0 0 : 0 0 : 0 0 , 0 0 0 - - &gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 0 5 , 0 0 0 Original translation and bilingual subtitles The latest serial overseas film and television drama download please visit www . YY e T s . com For communication only Learn to prohibit commercial profit
Thank you for letting me put the Harley in your room. You 're welcome.
By the way, Penny, she looks like she threw up on your little bear.
It does not matter
That bear is my Ewok doll
There is an alien creature in Star Wars that looks like a teddy bear + Shih Tzu, so it doesn 't matter.
You can put Ewok on his bed
You posed Chewbacca dolls, too. Star Wars characters look like longhaired humanoids.
I was posing the raccoon doll from Guardians of the Galaxy
One of the superhero characters in the movie looks like a raccoon, but it will be licked bald by Xiao Guizi
The only place and time for you to tell obscene dog stories
It 's called . . . don 't say anything about sex that doesn 't exist
So it 's your turn, Amy.
We 've been doing some interesting neuroprosthetic research at work lately.
I 've been rewatching the 2003 American youth soap opera 'The Orange Boys'
So everyone lives constructively
we 're working on a computer interface
Used to control mechanical prosthetics through brain fluctuations
but we are trying to locate
Having trouble with the signal from the EEG cap
Have you thought about adding a sensor phased array
to get better positioning effect?
I will miss talking about Ewok
Great because I just went online and bought a new one. I can actually get an engineer to help with this project. That would be great
Howard is an engineer
He must know someone who can do the job
She 's talking about me, Sheldon, and I 'm totally up to it. Andy is the best engineer in the world.
It 's on his coffee mug
You even gave him a cup like this
I sent
But it 's not a show of love.
Yeah, I lost so badly many years ago
Howard, are you interested?
does that even need to be said
If I could control a robotic arm with my brain
How many things can I do?
Is it true that you can use your brain to control human arms, but I haven 't seen any achievements from you so far.

Translation of the king of cats
Proofreading the Yellow Emperor 's Internal Classics, Taigong Breeding Cats, Heart Sutras, YY cats
In the later stage, Huihui is a mushroom cool timeline Garson
Director Sina Weibo@saitaigong
pregnancy
live
Big
burst
fry
Season 11, Episode 5

What are you looking at
parenting book
oh my god we . . .
what... fart
Do you think I 'd say it this way if you were pregnant?
You . . . you 're sitting there reading a book
Feels like anything is possible

Bernadette forgot here is there anything interesting
I just saw a picture of a baby 's head coming out from under its mother
I hope you 've had sex because you 'll never have it again

How are you, Sheldon?

Do you remember how disappointed you were when Amy took me to work?
You say you have it. . .
Sometimes people have big smiles when they 're disappointed
I have good news for you
Amy got to work early because she was taking Howard to get acquainted with the environment, so you have the honor of taking me to work.
His disappointed smile turned into a pleasurable frown

It 's okay, how many years have I been carrying him?
What about an extra day and I 've got a new ride game to play
called 'guess what the siren is'
Just kill me


Amy your lab is awesome C-arm X-ray machine
Cranial Ultrasound

look at that coffee machine

Yeah, I 'm in the lab expense report
Call it 'Eduardo' my Colombian lab assistant - that 's it - yeah
We 're going to use it to measure brain fluctuations
Then convert the waves into electrical impulses that can be used to manipulate anything.
Whether it 's a wheelchair or a robot
Judging by the ring on your hand, I think you 're very good at manipulating robots.
Be careful what you say, but it 's my fiance.
Be careful I manipulate him to beat you




Can 't guess the French police car?
very close
is a belgian ambulance
Are you ready for the next question, let me remind you that this sound is kind of annoying
First . . take a break
I have a headache. I 'm having fun. Why do you have a headache?
yeah, weird
so. . .
Howard working with Amy
It 's interesting, isn 't it? It should be alright, I think after all, when Amy complained about a colleague
I 'm all ears
Now I can join the conversation and go crazy
You 're not jealous of Howard, are you?
Of course not, I 'm the only one who would be jealous
The kind of train driver who can whistle the train [engineer]
This reminds me of a new game
- called 'what 's the whistle' - the train
I told you the question I was going to ask was the teapot
But it was a teapot on the train
Even if you 're right

Want to add phase detection to your EEG sensor
I have to rewrite most of the coding
can you do it
My hands are used for three things
Close-up magic coding and manipulation of dirty shadow puppets
Many countries and cultures have a traditional culture of shadow puppetry, which ended up getting me kicked out of a Jewish school
Hello, what a surprise
I 'm just here to see how you two get along
Everything is going smooth
I 'm relieved to hear you say that.
I also hope that the two of you will have a good time working together
Why are you blinking your eyes?
It 's Morse code so we can chat . . .
It won 't hurt the feelings of . . .
Sheldon I don 't understand Morse code
I understand that if you have any opinion on me, you can tell me face to face
All right

It 's been too long. It 's a little rusty. Can you say it again?




She said it was almost eight o 'clock, what time was it?
8:01:02
What kind of scientist use the word 'almost'
I 'll use it
I 'm 'almost' in hell on my way home
Sheldon if you want to have dinner with us
We are very welcome thank you
I don 't think I 'm in the mood tonight
then you go
what the hell
Since Amy started working with Howard
she never came home
Didn 't that just start this morning?
Then has she gone home? If it were me, I would be very upset.

do you feel bad
really
I can understand when things don 't go their way
It 's normal to feel upset, I think so maybe it 's not a big deal
No, you have the right to feel unhappy, why don 't you wash your hands first
We 'll call you when dinner is ready

ok what did you do are you a witch
No, I 've been reading Bernadette 's parenting books
It 's like an answer book for Sheldon 's exam questions
- Incredible - That 's it
But this book is only for children from newborn to five years old
What shall we do when he is six years old
take him to the zoo and leave him there
Hi Bernadette, Raj
- Howard isn 't home - I know
He 's in the lab every night this week with his working wife
Strange
I thought his working wife was standing in my kitchen. Don 't be so mean.
I 'm here to see how you 're doing
do you need any help? thank you
It 's some housework I 'm waiting for Howard to do
That smoke alarm . . .
no i mean emotionally
How are you feeling now I feel like you 're not really here to help me
still so mean
everything is fine
Howard is excited about his work
He 's in a great mood lately, and I 'm so proud of him
I can still wear my high school pants
please we don 't have to lie to each other
you 're right
I have a baby who is teething and I am pregnant
I have a proposal to hand in tomorrow and I don 't have time to listen to how much you make you miss my husband
I know now why he keeps working overtime and never coming home
Welcome home
How 's the job going? Howard has an idea . . .
Forget about work, you just got home
sit down and let me pamper you
Sounds good
I have a little thing for you to help you relax
Sheldon, this is the sweetest and sweetest. . . what is this?

Notes from our Quantum Cognition Project
I think tonight we can study hard [rubbing]
I just got home and I 'm tired
Howard makes you tired, I understand
you and me
how about some science of love tonight
Sheldon I want to do this with you too
But not tonight
How about we get up early tomorrow?
I promise I 'll be more involved then you know
I think that someone was willing to stay up all night and accompany me to do it all night
Then wake up in the morning and go on ok, but can 't we do it quickly?
A quick fight is like letting me do it all by myself, so go to sleep
But don 't be frightened if you come out of the room and see me doing it myself
Sheldon texted me to take him to Bernadette 's house, what are you going to do with him? He just happened to have a new middle finger meme
No need to wait at this moment
you mean 'in a minute'
Maybe there will be a solution in the book
Worth a try, let 's see
'bite other kids'
He does this sometimes, but this can be solved another day, wait for this
'Let him have a choice
Let him choose from the options you can accept'
Well I 'll give it a try 'I can take you there in two hours or you can call an Uber'
Good, now he feels he has a choice
He decided to call Uber
it worked
Unless he bites the driver it 's too successful

Now they actually have to go to work on Saturdays
Can you believe this absurdity
Is this the weekend you expected?
not
The whole thing is irritating
i 'm really busy
I don 't have time to listen to your complaints
You 're complaining too' Sheldon what are you doing?
'Sheldon apple puree is for babies'
What do you want
I just want to make Howard as angry as I am now

Maybe you can do something he likes
Make him jealous of you
American novelist Mark Twain 's novel published in 1876, the protagonist is mischievous in pursuit of freedom. Have you read 'The Adventures of Tom Sawyer'?
housework he likes to do housework
What kind of housework I think
You can change the battery of the smoke detector
That would make him crazy with jealousy
good job
He 's gotta get so pissed that there 's smoke over his head and the smoke detectors will pick up the smoke
wait a minute
Why did you just ask me about Tom Sawyer?
i 'm just interested in you
Your little mouth is sweeter than your apple puree
I now extend the waiting period and then adjust the analog-to-digital converter from the lowest bit to the highest bit.
What is this, you go open the brain model
My god, three of clubs, this is the card I chose
how did you change . . .
I used to let the cards show up in my crotch, but HR won 't let me do that

How long will it take for the test
It will take a while to compile, maybe a few minutes
Looks like we got ourselves a break. Would you like to hear some Neil Sadaka?
Do you know that this is your greatest magic
Mind-reading is so awesome
American singer Neil Sadaka 's song 'Calendar Girl'
♪ I love love love love my calendar girl ♪
♪ Beautiful calendar girl ♪
♪ I love love love love my calendar girl ♪
♪ Every day of the year ♪

♪ January ♪
- ♪ You started . . . ♪ - ouch
Say you 're busy like a bee and you two are dancing
Although bees can dance
But people are there to tell other bees where the pollen is
And your dance is not
So my logic is a little roundabout though
still correct

We are just waiting for the code to compile
what are you doing
I dropped by to ask if you would like to go to the movies with me I would love to but we 're going to have a test soon
may take a while
Well bro though it 's none of my business
But Bernadette feels a little left out
Because you spend too much time in the lab
Then you take him to the movies
Yeah, but my relationship with him is even after his marriage
are equally privileged but yours are not

ok i replaced the smoke detector with a new battery
He must be steaming with anger if the clothes are washed or not.
like the iron I used to iron his shirt
At least he still has an oven to clean
so it should be fine
He wants to be beautiful. Where is the wire brush in your house?
for you
We are such a good pair
Of course you two believe it?
I went to see Howard and Amy at school and they had a great time. Don 't worry he won 't be able to laugh when he gets home.
I finished all his favorite chores
what are you talking about
Howard hates housework and so on so why did Bernadette tell me . . .
Bernadette

Are you using my notoriously tricky trick to help you clean?
of course
I should have slammed the door
But the gloves and the wire brush are already in my hands
I would have liked to clean the oven out of the way

She kidnapped me to do all the housework and it wasn 't her original
It 's the trick to stealing The Adventures of Tom Sawyer
come on, don 't get nervous
Howard and Amy work together, don 't think about it
what are you doing leonard
'Stop if necessary'
it 's not a big deal
it 's a big deal
Howard gets Amy used to laughter and music
What if she wants to play so crazy when she gets home
you 're right
I 'm so proud of you for being able to speak out about your feelings thank you I 'm just so pissed
You know everyone gets mad
Papa and mummy will be angry too
You don 't think it 's time to 'affirm his behavior' right now?
Then let 's try 'Parents United Front' how about you spoil him so he can never grow up
Hearing you sound angry I think you can
It 's great to say what you think, thank you
Wait a minute, no, don 't use what 's in the book on me, wait a minute
Penny 's been using Bernadette 's parenting book against you
why he 's not the same why you treat me like a kid you use shampoo in the shape of a sesame street bird
That 's because adult shampoos are hot to my mans eyes
what are you doing oh my god are you still there

Of course I 'm still here
I can understand how you feel
Is it true that you also have a loveless Indian in your family? It was there and he came to your house. Is this what it looks like after we have children?
You blame it all on my head
If you treat your kids like Sheldon, then my approach will work, okay?
I think you 're angry because in some ways you 're no better than me and you can 't put prepositions at the end of sentences
So it 's definitely not grammar that you 're better than me
You are so smart, guess if you are smart or not, it depends on the situation before I answer
Is there any drama for us to roll the sheets tonight?
- It 's over. - Then there 's nothing wrong with what I said.
Once we can get it working
We have the possibility of going wireless. That 's great, Sheldon 's message.
He 's mad at Leonard and Penny
And Bernadette

And Mark Twain

Bernadette had also sent a message before Raj was driving her crazy
I think we 've been working too much overtime lately. Should we go home? We can also make a pot of coffee and continue to climb to the heights of science.
Is it so late now where is my watch
Go ask your skeleton

my mother how did you do it


It 's so great that the two of us play together. Why didn 't I think of it before?
agree
I don 't need to go to the movies with Amy
I don 't want to hold your hand
In the original book this guy is the killer





















