Well, the four of us haven 't eaten together for a long time.
Just our four big boys
Lord, let him stop
Don 't you have a girlfriend
Is this jealous?
Brother is not jealous
Well, if you can have sex, let me kill you
Can we order?
Wei Ni, they changed the menu
So why hasn 't the food changed?
really look at this
General Tso 's Chicken is no longer a 'specialty'
Classified as 'chicken'
What 's up ?
That 's right, Zuo Zongtang
I didn 't ask Zuo Zongtang, I said so what?
so what ?
How 's it going? Why isn 't it a special? The chef has lost his confidence ?

Look here again 'Boiled Shrimp with Deaf Blind Sauce'
What is 'Deaf Blind Sauce' ?
It 's obviously a typo.
Maybe or maybe this restaurant is going to become a den of thieves
No, no, maybe it 's the sauce that deaf and blind people like to eat
That 's not what it means, it 's just a typo
Forget it, let 's eat pizza.
Good idea, go to Corleone and eat it
But no, there is no deaf and blind there. I think about it carefully. The deaf and blind sauce may not be made of deaf and blind people.

How did you see it?
That dish is classified as 'seafood'
What if those deaf and blind people lived in water?
Leonard, can you be serious?

damn it. . .

TV was stolen
Laptop too
Oh my god
Oh my god
Oh my god !

Alert lifted
comic book still
Season 3 Episode 13 Stolen One TV Two Laptops Four External Hard Drives PS 2 and PS 3
X - Box X - Box 3 6 0 Nintendo Classic
Super Nintendo Nintendo 6 4 and Wi ii
We are a fan of the game
Yes, there are also game discs Halo 1 Halo 2 Halo 3
Call of Duty 1 Call of Duty 2 Call of Duty 3
Rock Band Rock Band 2 Final Fantasy 1 - 9 and The Legend of Zelda
The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time
The Legend of Zelda: Princess Dawn
super mario galaxy super mario super mario and sonic the winter olympics and pacman

some video games
When is the crime scene investigation team coming?
what to play ?
Expect them to come to me here 's a bit of proof
A thief dared to solve his thirst problem when he came in to steal something
Clear fingerprints can be extracted from the cans, and here are my fingerprints. You can rule out my suspicions.

what about me ?
Sorry Leonard, it 's too early to rule you out
Is it too much for you to shoot him out?
I would like to take him for 72 hours of intensive neurological care
I 'm in good spirits, my mom took me for a checkup
I 'm done making this call and we 'll fax you the investigation report.
you can submit it to the insurance company
Sorry, this is the end of the question?
Do you have any other relevant clues to provide?
oh my god where do i start
Four of the five desired ideal experiments
How does that help solve the case? Yes, they can monitor scientific publications to see if anyone publishes such a strong recap in the next few months
There is a possibility that the author has my notebook
Good night guys go B ochco

What should we do now?
Do the only thing you can, watch TV on your phone and wait for the criminals to come back and kill us while we 're asleep
You mean to rule me out as a suspect?
oh i think so too






I don 't need to urinate
I am the master of my own bladder
granny

I can not believe it
If I hadn 't happened to be on the night shift, I 'd have run into those thieves.
hey don 't be afraid
I 'm not afraid
I 'm going to put some violence on their ass

L e o n a r d 和 P e n n y
L e o n a r d 和 P e n n y
L e o n a r d 和 P e n n y
give me the bat
A major crime just happened in the building and you opened the door without asking who I was?
What will happen next time?
fine
I just want to see if you guys are all right
We are good S heldon
ok that
Good night
Good night
he 's so weird
L e o n a r d 和 P e n n y
L e o n a r d 和 P e n n y
Who are Leonard and Penny?

Is S heldon S heldon Cooper
how ?
can i come in? ok
I noticed you guys were drinking
yes we are ready for bed
S heldon do you want to sleep here tonight?
Although Leonard is short, it 's not comfortable for you two to squeeze on the sofa, right?

So what do you think? Not what I think, but what evolution thinks
Humans are primates
Primates are social animals that can both be protected and help each other
But you don 't like other humans, I do tonight
It 's scary there
I 'm starting to get scared here
three kittens ?
three little pigs ?

God I don 't know
Star Wars ?

Did we win? Can we go to bed?
Omg I can 't make it any simpler Hydrogen H + pigs - p = H iggs
Bow Tie (B ow) + General Zod trapped in Phantom Prison
B ow - zone
pear
tickle
P e a r - t i c k l e
How could the Higgs Boson (P article) not be guessed?
Yes, P enny is obvious.
S heldon baby I know you don 't feel safe but we really wanna go to sleep
ok i 'm on the first shift 0 4 0 0 call you
good night
- Wait what is 0 4 0 0? - Four in the morning
It 's only 45 minutes
keep going don 't stop

It 's so quiet outside
a little too quiet
Where are you going ?
just go out and see
be tragic
Don 't Jim don 't open the door!
listen to her Jim

Don 't worry about nobody outside



L e o n a r d 和 P e n n y !
L e o n a r d 和 P e n n y !
L e o n a r d 和 P e n n y !
who is it ?
Okay, here we have titanium locking latches and reinforced door frames controlled by a state-of-the-art electronic monitoring system
What if someone cuts off the power?
Has a 200 watt uninterruptible backup power supply
What if the keys are stolen? There are separate voice and fingerprint recognition systems
What if someone tied me up and forced me to record my voice and cut my fingers off?
I 'll send them a basket of muffins
There are motion monitors in the house Infrared sensors There are monitors connected to the servers State-of-the-art facial recognition software in the servers
Where did you get these things from?
I know a guy in the Department of Defense
That 's what he gave you?
The irony he would give if I wanted was that their security system wasn 't that good either.
Raj your car is blocking me . . .
intruder alert intruder alert
Are you kidding?
I 'm sorry, I 'll help you
This security system is so good, even if a swarm of tuna comes
Don 't worry that the net is energized
You can imagine her lying on the ground involuntarily convulsing
much better

S heldon 's diary
Security system in place
But I still can 't sleep
I just watched Pasadena 's Underworld . . . that so-called City of Roses is something I 'll never forget
oh so violent
I 'm awake and tormented while evil is out there waiting for an opportunity, maybe playing mammoth on my nintendo


Oh my God

I am the master of my own bladder

L e o n a r d 和 P e n n y
L e o n a r d 和 P e n n y
L e o n a r d 和 P e n n y
oh my . . . omg S heldon
What are you doing outside?
I heard a sound
it 's us we just knocked over a lamp
- How did you guys knock over the lamp? - We were about to . . .
He doesn 't have to know what we 're doing Leonard

That 's right, she 's right, I don 't need to know what you 're doing
you continue
What are you doing? Just walk through the door
Good idea, I 'll take a look around and make some hot milk
very good go
Do you need me to soak some for you too?
I 'm lactose intolerant and you won 't make any noise anymore
so sweet
Want hot milk P enny ?
no thank you
All right
good night mr and miss

I 'm so sorry
It 's nothing to you
bring it on
intruder alert intruder alert

Wolowitz seems to be electrifying the network
S heldon are you okay? It 's okay. . . but the bladder doesn 't obey the master
My new laptop comes with Windows 7 oh
Win 7 is much better than VISTA
Really annoying
It 's a bit exaggerated that you want to move, isn 't it?
The apartment was robbed and the security system nearly killed me so I had to stay out of Pasadena
Where are you exaggerating?
Please S heldon you can 't move
Don 't you have to stay where you are until the mothership comes back?
That 's fine
Unfortunately for the foreseeable future I have to be practical
Find somewhere friendlier than nasty Pasadena
Like Enid in Oklahoma with low crime rate plus high speed internet access but no model train store
I 'm sorry Enid
Did he quit his job at the university?
Then he didn 't plan to be a SOHO family.
Everyone is excited
Okay, next is Boone in North Carolina.
' every summer since 1952
Boone 's Amphitheatre will feature the life of D an 'l Boone'
Looks like a lot of people will come
P enny, you 're from Nebraska, aren 't you?
native
I need to settle down in a few days
I 'll email you some documents later with detailed illustrations and instructions for you to pack the rest of my stuff and send it to Bozeman, Montana.
Also have to divert my letter there
Insane asylum in Bozeman, Montana, or somewhere?
I know you 're joking but Bozeman does have a comic book club called Asylum Don 't send it there
Don 't bother, yeah, this time you 're a victim
This is life
When my great-grandfather first came to America, he pinned all his hopes on that little butcher 's shop in the southeast corner of New York.
Do you know what 's going on?
Every guy who came in and asked for a pound of pork liver was ransacked
But . . . those people saw it too, so you should follow them too
I saw that I was going to be a Posset.
They call themselves 'Boset' ?
That 's what it 's supposed to be called, the first thing I did there was to make this proposal
S heldon I would say that but I will miss you
Please P enny you know I 'm allergic to endless goodbyes and crying
So I prepared a video

Hello everyone
You also know that I 'm allergic to endless goodbyes and crying
So I prepared a video You are my three best friends and a rare acquaintance
Although I can 't say my life would be a mess without you
But I hope you think so
Given that you 're planning to stay in this lawless metropolis, that 's a cup of tea. The numbers suggest you 're going to suffer when we meet again.
good luck
S heldon is really . . .
You should lock the door
this ain 't bozeman
How do I know who is my best friend and who is my acquaintance?

It 's so cold, so refreshing, so refreshing
My God, I 'm freezing to death!
Sir, do you need to carry your luggage for you?
Thank you Bossett boy
Let me call you the embodiment of all the good hopes that the Chamber of Commerce in our lovely city has to offer
etc !
etc !
Hey !

Want a ticket to Pasadena, California


Hey look who 's back!
Funny acquaintances are the first to say hello to me
Season 3 Episode 13 Ended
