 There 's a gentlemen downstairs ...
 Ask him to wait a moment , Mrs. Hudson .
 He 's most insistent .
 Easy now . Easy .
 I must apologize .
 I have been a little overwrought .
 I 'm a doctor , sir , and I must insist that you relax yourself and say nothing until you have eaten .
 Thank you .
 If I might have a biscuit and a glass of milk ,
 I have no doubt I should soon be better .
 Mrs. Hudson is preparing something at this moment .
 Please , please , please forgive this weakness .
 I really must ...
 Mr. Holmes .
 At your service . Master of arts .
 Doctor of Philosophy .
 Principal of the Priory School .
 Is it not everyday , Doctor Huxtable ,
 that so distinguished a castaway as yourself is beached upon on the hearthrug .
 In speculating what storm had blown you here
 I took the liberty of searching your person , I hope you will forgive me .
 Oh yes , yes of course .
 Please sit down .
 Your watch .
 Unblemished for at least thirty years , suddenly this morning scratched .
 When you thrust those coins , unthinkingly into your waistcoat pocket .
 The stern habit of a lifetime trampled under foot .
 A small occurrence perhaps but own small think in a way that a vibrating needle may signal an earthquake
 The state of your beard demonstrates a considerable disruption to your routine .
 Three days ago ?
 Just so .
 Mr. Holmes , I beg you to accompany me north to Mackleton immediately .
 A matter of the utmost importance .
 I regret .
 Doctor Watson and I are extremely pressed just at the moment .
 I 'm retained in the case of the Ferrers Documents , and
 Doctor Watson tells me that he 's run off his feet by this recent epidemic of this Scarlet Fever .
 And then of course , there 's Abergavenny murder coming up for trial .
 Now , only a very important issue could call us away at the present .
 Important , sir ?
 Important ?
 I dare say you 've heard of the Duke of Holdernesse ?
 The former cabinet minister ?
 More than that , Watson .
 The letters after his name , huh , almost half the alphabet .
 One of the greatest subjects of the crown , hey Doctor Huxtable ?
 One of the greatest and probably one of the wealthiest ,
 He is also , I 'm proud to say , in my neighbor .
 Holdernesse Hall , his countryseat , is across from the valley from the Priory School .
 Duke is an intensely solitary man .
 He appalls the prospect of public scrutiny but such is his anxiety in this matter that his grace is prepared to write a check for five thousand pounds to see the business off and another thousand pounds to see justice visited upon the villains .
 That is how important it is .
 A princely offer , Doctor Huxtable .
 You have failed in describing villainy .
 Forgive me .
 Lord Saltire , the Duke 's son , his only child , has been abducted .
 From the Priory School ? 
 Yes .
 When he was in your care ? Quite ,
 And this abduction happened three days ago ?
 Last Saturday night .
 Why have you waited so long before consulting me ?
 His Grace has a deep horror of his family unhappiness being dragged before the world .
 The police have been requested by the Duke to proceed with such caution that they ...
 I see .
 This affair has been deplorably handled .
 I feel it and admit it .
 What form of the demand for ransom take ?
 There has been none .
 No demand for ransom ?
 None .
 It is one of the most perplexing aspects of the business for the boy was not alone in his flight .
 Herr Heidegger , the German master , is also missing as indeed , 
 by the way , is his bicycle .
 lf he has abducted the boy why has no demand for money been received ?
 Heidegger came to me from Switzerland with the very best references .
 Was any other bicycle missing ? 
 Oh no .
 You 're certain ?
 Quite Mr. Aveling checked all the bicycles .
 Doctor Huxtable do you really mean to suggest that this German master rode off upon his bicycle in the dead of night bearing the boy in his arms ?
 No .
 Then what is this theory in your mind ?
 The bicycle may have been a blind .
 He may have hidden it somewhere , and the pair gone off on foot .
 Surely he would have hidden a couple of bicycles if he desired to give that impression .
 Yes I suppose he would .
 Of course he would Doctor Huxtable , this blind theory of yours will not do .
 It is an admirable starting point for an investigation .
 Watson , would you send for the cab immediately ?
 Now Holmes ?
 Set , and pack .
 We got just enough time to catch the overnight train .
 Doctor Huxtable I shall do a little work at your doors .
 Perhaps the train is not so cold but the two old hounds like Watson and myself make get a sniff on it .
 I imagine the arrival of Lord Saltire at your school must have been quite a feather in your cap .
 My proudest moment , Mr. Holmes .
 Ever since Blackwell 's published Huxtable 's Sidelights on Horace , a notable little success in his day .
 You may have heard of it .
 No .
 How old is the boy ?
 Nine .
 And he 's been with you how long ?
 Oh since the beginning of the winter term .
 An unusual boy , he seemed to be fitting in well .
 He um ... 
 Yes ?
 I was about to say he was not entirely happy at home .
 The Duke 's marriage has not been a peaceful one .
 It ended in separation by mutual consent last year .
 The Duchess has returned to her father 's palazzo in Venice .
 This picture , of the Duke 's marriage , how did you come by it ?
 Is it common knowledge ?
 I 've had some confidential talks with Mr. Wilder , the Duke 's secretary .
 He 's been most helpful .
 And I suppose it has been established that the boy has not returned to his mother in Italy ?
 Oh yes . Yes it has .
 I cannot tell you , Mr. Holmes , what a relief it is to me ...
 Watson ?
 Your picnic , sir .
 Mrs. Hudson , How did you guess ?
 Experience , Mr. Holmes .
 Well that means the two doctors can picnic away to their hearts content on the train .
 Even I may find my appetite is keener for a few days in the bracing atmosphere of the peat country .
 I think I will do myself no injustice when I say that the Priory School is the most select preparatory school in England .
 Lord Leverstoke , the Earl of Blackwater , Sir Cathcart Soames
 they all have entrusted their sons to me .
 You can 't see Holdernesse Hall from here but there 's a very fine view from the chapel tower .
 I will begin with the boy 's room .
 From his father ?
 It arrived on the morning of his disappearance .
 Had he received one from Italy ?
 Not recently .
 Where is the letter now ?
 It cannot be found .
 It must have been on the boy 's person when he was abducted .
 Who sleeps in the adjoining room ?
 It 's all right , just keep it in . I know this sort of chap I dare say .
 He could sleep through a thunderstorm .
 I don 't think he would sir .
 Really , And why is that do you suppose ?
 There 's a mouse sir , ln the wainscot , sir .
 And it wakes us both up sir , Sometimes sir .
 Mouse ?
 So any noise from Lord Saltire 's room ...
 Well the door creaks sir .
 You always hear the door .
 On the night of the disappearance , did you hear anything then ?
 No sir .
 You couldn 't even hear the crying .
 Crying ?
 Yes sir .
 He sometimes cries sir .
 Sometimes sir .
 Thank you boys .
 You have found nothing in the grounds ?
 There 's no knowing what I have found .
 The trail is cold .
 Headmaster !
 Headmaster !
 The Duke of Holdernesse is here headmaster .
 Thank you , Mr. Aveling .
 Mr. Holmes ?
 Yes .
 The Duke is waiting , Mr. Holmes .
 That will never do .
 Your Grace .
 Mr. Wilder .
 I called yesterday , Doctor Huxtable ,
 but I was too late to prevent your starting for London .
 His Grace is surprised , Doctor Huxtable ,
 that you should of invited Mr. Holmes to undertake an investigation without consulting him first .
 Well I thought that the police had failed .
 It is by no means certain that the police have failed .
 Yes , but surely , Mr. Wilder ...
 You 're well aware , Doctor Huxtable , how anxious his Grace is to avoid all public scandal .
 He prefers to take as few people as possible into his confidence .
 I 'm sorry , Mr. Wilder .
 The matter is easily remedied .
 Mr. Sherlock Holmes can return to London by the morning train .
 Hardly that Hardly that
 I enjoy your invigorating northern air .
 I shall spend , at any rate , a few days upon your moors .
 Who knows I may at least find Herr Heidegger 's bicycle if nothing else .
 This is not a trivial matter , Mr. Holmes .
 I am gratified that you think not , your Grace .
 lf there was meaning in that remark , Mr. Holmes ,
 I 'm afraid it escaped me .
 Your only child has disappeared .
 Your hopes , your future , your noble family itself is threatened with disillusion .
 Your point , sir ?
 I ask your Grace , what is modesty to this to your child 's life ?
 Or his reputation ?
 Not then it might be replied what is continuance without honor ?
 However , I believe you are largely in the right , Mr. Holmes .
 lf you refer to the constraints I have placed upon the activities of the police then perhaps I have imposed too much .
 I have a morbid fear of the public gaze .
 It would be foolish not to avail ourselves of Mr. Holmes services , James , now that he is here .
 Mr. Holmes ?
 Your Grace ?
 Perhaps you would like to come and stay with us at Holdernesse Hall .
 I thank your Grace but I think for the purposes of my investigation it would be wiser for me to remain here at the scene of the mystery .
 As you wish
 Mr. Wilder or myself will be available to provide you with any assistance that you might require .
 Might I ask whether you have formed any explanation as to the mysterious disappearance of your son ?
 No sir , I have not .
 He is a fine boy , Mr. Holmes .
 And how long has he been in your class ?
 Since his arrival here .
 Did he speak much of his family ?
 Not much .
 It 's my belief that he missed his mother this is something of his father 's doing .
 The separation between the Duke and the Duchess , did he talk about that ?
 Not really .
 It 's a little mysterious .
 The boy insisted that they loved each other very much .
 You don 't think that he 'd be whistling in the wind to cheer himself up ?
 No he is a very realistic child .
 Awe , but not a very realistic family .
 I was told that they were once members of the Hellfire Club .
 You wouldn 't know , I suppose , what time Herr Heidegger retired to his room on the night of the disappearance ?
 Not really but quite late .
 After eleven .
 He was duty round master that night .
 And a cyclists I believe ?
 Yes , oh yes .
 Did Lord Saltire ever accompany him .
 No he is not yet able to retain his balance .
 You wouldn 't , I suppose , happen to know the make of tires on Herr Heidegger 's bicycle ?
 Certainly .
 A lovely bicycle by the way made in Bramen .
 The tires were Palmer , you know the ones with longitudinal tread .
 I know the ones .
 Thank you .
 Doubly helpful .
 Pleasure , Mr. Holmes .
 Dinner will be at eight .
 I beg your pardon .
 Holmes ?
 This case grows upon me , Watson .
 There are decidedly points of interest in connection with it .
 Here look at this map .
 There are certain geographical features , which may have a good deal to do with our investigation .
 This dark square is the Priory School .
 This , the main road with no side turning for a mile either way .
 To the north of the school the land rises slowly .
 To the south , a large district of arable land with high walls and hedgerows , 
 impossible territory for a bicycle .
 Oh what did you discover at Oakborn ?
 Well the police had reports from all over the place on a man and a boy seen together .
 They completed their investigation on the site early this morning .
 What result ?
 Useless .
 None bore the slightest resemblance of the boy or the German master .
 Excellent .
 This mass of mistaken sightings , Watson , it confirms my suspicion .
 I don 't believe they used the road .
 That path of curiosity of quiet places will surely find the light .
 I don 't think they used the road at all .
 But the bicycle ?
 A good cyclist does not need a road , Watson .
 The moor is intersected with paths .
 I remember the moons that were full .
 Now it is to the north that our quest must lie .
 You have done well , Watson .
 Dinner 's soon , you 'll be happy to hear but I have do just have one point on which I need to be satisfied .
 Herr Heidegger 's room .
 Ten minutes .
 Doctor Holmes is being delving into the origins of the Holdernesse family .
 Like many ancient lines it sprang from a very muddy source .
 Muddy Doctor ?
 Well not to be too delicate about it , they were cattle thieves .
 A worrier class , ingenious , daring but the basis of their wealth was running off with other people 's cows .
 Holmes even tells me that Holdenesse has furnished one of the madder members of the Hell Fire Club .
 What is the matter Doctor Huxtable ?
 It is nothing .
 But it 's clearly something .
 I expect too much I 'm sure .
 It is a part- time job .
 Tell us your expectations ?
 I do not expect miracles .
 I think I am not a man who demands the miraculous ... but you have discovered nothing .
 We haven 't found not a jot since the moment we left London .
 Although indeed that is not true .
 You have discovered two things , both falshoods .
 One , a squalid piece of gossip and the other an apocryphal and insulting fancy about the origins of my great patron .
 I did not employ you to come here to blacken the name of the Holdernesses , Mr. Holmes .
 Calm yourself , Doctor Huxtable . 
 We have in fact , found some way .
 I can describe to you in some detail what took place in this school on that fateful night .
 Also the behavior of your excellent and faithful German master .
 Faithful , Heidegger ?
 What sir ?
 Herr Heidegger retired to his room soon after eleven o 'clock .
 He was the duty master that night .
 Now my friend and colleague , Doctor Watson , will impersonate .
 Heidegger has still two hours work ahead of him and it 's been a long day .
 He allows himself the comfort of removing his jacket .
 He moves across to the chest by the door and pours himself a glass of sherry .
 Badly needed fortification of the task that lies ahead .
 He collects the candle and moves to his desk to correct twenty- two exercise books , which contain not only Grammatik exercises but also a lengthy composition .
 You see my point , Doctor Huxtable , 
 it would have been well after midnight if he had done nothing else , 
 when his candle fails him .
 The candles are kept in the chest by the door .
 He arises from the desk to fetch another one but he cannot see to find them , 
 so he turns to the windows to draw the curtains to see better by the moonlight .
 Across the rooftops on the gate tower the boy has been waiting for darkness , knowing that his flight must not be observed .
 Herr Heidegger watches as the boy hurries across the ledge to keep his prearranged meeting by the river .
 Sensing the enormity of what was taking place ,
 Heidegger runs to the door , knocking over what remains of his glass sherry as he goes .
 I see .
 Thank you .
 It seems I misjudged you .
 The wisdom of his choice to pursue the boy is questionable .
 I believe his fate may be sealed .
 You 'll allow me , Mr. Holmes ?
 Do you mean ...
 I hope not but if my reasoning is correct then I do fear for him .
 And the boy ?
 The key to that , Doctor Huxtable , 
 remains out there .
 Beyond the Drover 's Bridge .
 Poor beast .
 Carrying crows . They ruin their name .
 So were assuming the boy was taken away on horseback are we not ?
 Certainly .
 Otherwise Heidegger would not have needed a bicycle to pursue them .
 But the only tracks we 've found are cattle , Holmes .
 Holmes ?
 A track , Watson ! 
 A track .
 A bicycle ?
 Certainly a bicycle but not the bicycle .
 I 'm familiar with forty- two different impressions left by tires .
 This is a Dunlop with a patch upon the outer cover .
 Heidegger 's tires were Palmers . This is not Heidegger 's track .
 Who 's then ?
 Who 's indeed ?
 Watson !
 These are Palmer tracks Heidegger has been this way .
 Absolutely extraordinary .
 Dunlop tracks for a hundred fifty yards , 
 they vanish and Palmer tracks quite clear leading to these rocks , they vanish too .
 Not a sign of a horse anywhere .
 Watson , you have a blazing talent for observing the obvious .
 I should have brought some luncheon .
 Anyway what was Herr Heidegger cycling after , 
 cows ?
 Presumably they didn 't abduct the child on the back of a cow .
 All traces of horses obliterated .
 ln much evidence the two bicycles have vanished into thin air .
 lmpossible . Precisely .
 It is impossible as we have mistaken it , 
 therefore , in some respect , we must have mistaken it wrong .
 There 's a hostelry mark on the further edge of the moor .
 Holmes , there 's a hostelry on the Chesterfield Road .
 Yes if he we keep on this line we should come up to it ,
 Well that 's where I 'm going to try my luck .
 I 'm hungry .
 Holmes ?
 Lunch , of course my dear fellow you must be starving .
 Now observe that map .
 You will see that there 's a hostelry about three miles in this direction .
 We 'll need some food if we 're going to face the Duke of Holdernesse later .
 Nothing ? 
 Nothing . I must tell his Grace .
 Nothing ? 
 Nothing .
 I 'm sorry .
 I 'm sorry .
 It 's locked .
 Primitive but forceful as sporting portraits go .
 Mr. Reuben Hayes ?
 How do you know my name ?
 It 's printed over the door .
 We were looking for some refreshment .
 Were ya ?
 And would be obliged if you could furnish it .
 Would ya ? 
 We would .
 You must ask the woman .
 Insufferable lout . 
 If were going all the way to Holdernesse Hall this afternoon ,
 let us try to hire those unpreconditioned beasts .
 What do you say ?
 How far are you taking them ?
 Just to the Hall and back , You know the way , I dare say ?
 I worked there for fifteen years .
 Yeah , you can take them .
 My word , Mr. Hayes , you have injured yourself .
 It 's nothing .
 I am a Doctor sir , and assure you it is .
 You should have it attended .
 How did you come by it ?
 One of my dogs did it . 
 Those scratches .
 What about them ?
 Well at a gentler glance they were that far apart .  
 What animal would make such a scratch ?
 Probably a descendent of the champion jack .
 Cockfighting is forbidden by law and has been for fifty years .
 Many things are forbidden by law .
 What law is there in such places as these ?
 Excellent , Mrs. Hayes , thank you .
 What have you cooked ?
 Blood pudding , sweets and ...
 How is it , Watson ?
 It is disgusting , Holmes .
 That woman , she 's frightened of something and more than that husband of hers .
 Deception upon deception .
 What was it intended to hide ? 
 Deception ?
 Oh , Watson , 
 my horse is lame .
 That 's odd .
 Old shoes , new nails .
 Gentlemen .
 His Grace will see you now .
 Awe , Mr. Wilder .
 Mr. Holmes , Doctor Watson , welcome to Holdernesse Hall .
 His Grace will be joining us shortly .
 We are placing high hopes on your skills Mr. Holmes .
 Did you bring news ?
 There is just one point in which I need to be satisfied .
 Yes Mr. Holmes ?
 It concerns the Duke 's private concerns .
 As his Grace 's private secretary perhaps I can be of some assistance .
 I believe his Grace wrote to his son upon the day this incident occurred .
 No I believe he wrote on the day before .
 Yes but he would have received it upon that day .
 Yes , quite probably .
 Might there have been anything in that letter which would have prompted the boy to run away ?
 Oh , I hardly think so .
 Anyway he would have run here if anywhere .
 Or to his mother in ltaly ? 
 No sir .
 Lord Saltire would realize the impossibility of achieving such a goal .
 Even if abetted by this German , he is an intelligent and practical child .
 And yet he cries in his sleep . Did his Grace post the letter himself ?
 His Grace is not in the habit of posting letters .
 The letter was laid with others upon the study table and I , myself , put them there .
 The only other person who would handle them would be Rivers who delivers the Daily Post to the lodge .
 And you 're sure this letter was among them ? Oh yes .
 I observed it ,
 And what have you observed , Mr. Holmes ?
 How does your investigation progress ?
 Are you to disappoint me ?
 I hope still to render your greater happier and myself a richer man .
 And what have you discovered ?
 It is mostly a matter of clarification .
 My belief is that the boy was tempted out of the school by a prearrangement and I suspect that his mother may have been the bait .
 The German master observed his departure and set off in pursuit .
 We tracked the passage of his bicycle across the moors with much difficulty .
 It is almost as if the tracks were deliberately sponged by someone ...
 Mr. Holmes ?
 Someone driving cattle .
 You don 't happen to know if the cattle on the moor ...
 What about them ?
 I hope you have seen none .
 We cannot winter cattle outside in our upland climate .
 They will not be out of the yard for , oh at least another two weeks .
 Then I 've been as blind as the beetle .
 I thank you , Grace .
 Old shoes and new nails !
 Old shoes and new nails !
 Holmes there 's something you should see !
 It is a remarkable ...
 Do you see those horseshoes ? I saw them .
 Whoever took Lord Holdernesse shoed their horses with different horseshoes to escape detection .
 Reuben Hayes took advantage of a piece of local history ?
 It 's bad Watson , bad .
 Those vultures of the north mark the spot .
 German master .
 What 's left of him ?
 Hello !
 Hello , hello !
 Skin and blood .
 Only a microscope would tell if it 's human .
 A consistent no doubt to the scratch on Hayes neck .
 Cause of death ?
 Strangulation .
 The larynx is quite crushed .
 That shepherd can be our messenger to the priory school with the news of this tragedy .
 We must proceed on foot , Watson .
 I was warm !
 at that lnn , warm as the children say .
 The trail grows colder every step I take away from it .
 How was I supposed to know where to put the body ...
 It 's all over now , Arthur .
 Reuben Hayes .
 Let 's hope we 're not too late .
 A Dunlop with a patch on the outer cover .
 What happened here , Mrs. Hayes ?
 I 'm satisfied that you have no liking for this business and that you acted under coercion .
 Someone came for the boy .
 The Duke 's secretary , Mr. Wilder ?
 Which way did they go ?
 Across the moor ?
 Aboard the Chesterfield Road where ...
 Excellent , Mrs. Hayes .
 I must alert the Duke 's household , Watson .
 You are now the boy 's guardian angel .
 I fancy I see your Grace 's checkbook upon your desk .
 I would be glad if you would make me out a check for six thousand pounds .
 Perhaps it would be best if you were to cross it .
 The Capital and counties Bank , Oxford Street branch , are my agents .
 I do not possess a temperament , Mr. Holmes that appreciates the kind of acidulous pleasantry that clearly amuses you .
 I am sorry , but I do not see how James ,
 Mr. Wilder could possibly be implicated in this business and you average not proof of it .
 But I possess the proof It is beyond debate .
 The mud is scarcely dry on the cloven horseshoes in your casements .
 Why do you doubt my word ?
 You seem to suffer from a blindness .
 Your own interest , which borders on madness .
 Your Grace , those portraits in the hall of you and your father as young men , 
 there your family liniments are very clear ,
 How long has Mr. Wilder been in your service ?
 What is your meaning ?
 How dare you sir !
 You do not understand !
 You are a barbarian !
 You will never ... please leave me immediately .
 I won 't ...
 I ...
 Then it is as I suspected .
 Mr. James Wilder is your son .
 When I was a very young man , Mr. Holmes ,
 I loved with such a love that comes only once in a lifetime .
 I offered the lady marriage but she refused it on the grounds that such a match might mar my career .
 Had she lived I would certainly never had married anyone else but ... she died and left with one child ,
 James , whom for her sake I have tended and cared for .
 I could not acknowledge paternity to the world but in all other ways I have treated him like my son .
 He has required , but not warranted , a father 's forgiveness many times and I have forgiven .
 I have forgiven .
 I have forgiven much .
 Awe your Grace you have done all you can for Mr. Wilder .
 You must realize that he is lost to you .
 He 's conspired to abduct Lord Saltire .
 He 's an accessory to a murder , however unwittingly .
 He must be found before he 's attempted to a crime even more terrible .
 He must be found before you loose the son that is left to you .
 Rivers .
 You are to organize a search of the moor .
 West Woods in a line from the temple to the pavilion .
 You are to employ the entire staff without exception .
 You are looking for my son , Lord Saltire .
 lf you find Mr. Wilder , please see that he is detained and brought to me .
 Wilder intercepted your letter and substituted a note which deceived your son into believing that he was to see his mother .
 The murderous Hayes was his paid accomplice but the police have been alerted .
 Hayes will not escape ...
 Watson ?
 I tracked them over to the moor but they disappeared .
 I searched the area but it 's as if the earth just swallowed them up .
 With my research into your family history
 I 've seemed to recall mention of a huge limestone cavern where the stolen cattle were penned .
 The cathedral .
 Come on .
 Come on !
 Hand him over . No !
 You shall not have him !
 Father ! Come Father !
 Father !
 Father !
 James !
 I was disposed to love Francesca and not with a boy 's passion but with a man 's love .
 My marriage to her founded on James jealousy .
 As long as I could see , his mother 's face and manner in him ,
 James knew he could keep me from the love I owed my wife .
 Even his cruelty to Arthur ,
 I could not send him away even for that .
 So I sent Arthur away instead .
 What did he hope to achieve by kidnapping his brother ?
 Money ?
 Legitimacy ?
 And power .
 Power over me .
 He delighted in exercising power over me , for me and you were to have denied him power .
 But you suspected that he was behind the abduction ?
 In my darkest moments , yes .
 Yet somehow I hoped to ... save him .
 Well , a long penance it had seemed .
 I can only hope that Francesca will forgive me .
 Thank you , Mr. Holmes .
 Your Grace ?
 This is a king 's ransom .
 You have given me back my future .
 Psst !!
 Got you !
 Now look here ...
 But mum !
 Close the window , John .
 To Sherlock Holmes , she was always " the woman , " the beautiful Irena Adler of dubious and questionable memory .
 At the time of our involvement in the Irena Adler case ,
 Holmes and I had been sharing rooms in Baker Street for some years .
 My practice had caused me to be absent in the country for several days .
 As usual , after leaving Holmes for any length of time ,
 I returned filled with apprehension as to his mood .
 Oh !
 Oh , hello , Mrs. Hudson .
 Dr. Watson , just look at you , half soaked to the skin !
 Yes , well , I am not surprised ,
 I have just spent 20 minutes standing in the pouring rain waiting for a cab .
 It won 't do that old wound of yours any good getting so wet , Doctor .
 I know .
 I 'll just take this coat and your hat and see that they 're properly dried .
 Mrs. Hudson , I haven 't eaten all day .
 I do hope supper will be up very soon . That 's very doubtful .
 I don 't know what 's come over Mr. Holmes , he seems to be all on edge .
 I 'm not to bring up supper until I 'm called .
 Those are his orders .
 Thank you , Mrs. Hudson .
 My dear Holmes ,
 what is it tonight , morphine or cocaine ?
 Well , I can strongly recommend a seven percent solution of cocaine .
 Would you care to try it ?
 No , indeed !
 I speak not only as your friend , but as a medical man .
 How can you risk such damage to the great powers with which you have been endowed ? !
 I cannot tell you how it clarifies and stimulates the mind .
 Yes , and destroys it in time !
 My mind rebels at stagnation .
 Give me problems , give me work , give me the most abstruse cryptogram , the most intricate analysis , and I 'm in my proper atmosphere .
 Then I can dispense with artificial stimulants .
 But I abhor the dull routine of existence .
 I crave mental exultation .
 That is why I have chosen my own profession , or rather created it ,  for I am the only one in the world .
 The only unofficial detective .
 The only unofficial consulting detective .
 I take no credit in my cases .
 The work itself , the pleasure of finding a field for my particular powers is my highest reward .
 You can close that drawer .
 You have made the wrong diagnosis , Doctor !
 I have my stimulant here .
 I hope you enjoyed your week in the country .
 It was good for the appetite .
 Incidentally , I do wish you would ring for supper .
 What is this ?
 Yes , I must get ready for my visitor .
 It came by the morning post .
 Give me your observations .
 Well , it 's undated and without either signature or address .
 Good , read it aloud .
 " Dear Mr. Holmes :
 There will call upon you tonight at a quarter to eight a gentleman who "
 -- good heavens , we 've only a few minutes , Holmes .
 Go on .
 " A gentleman who desires to consult with you upon a matter of the very deepest moment .
 Your recent services to one of the royal houses of Europe have shown that you are one who may be safely trusted with matters which are of an importance which can hardly be exaggerated .
 This account of you we have from all quarters received , be in your chamber then . "
 Good -- good heavens , this is a mystery , indeed .
 What do you imagine it means ?
 I have no data yet .
 It is a capital mistake to theorize before one has data .
 Mm .
 But the note itself , what do you deduce from it ?
 It 's a man 's writing .
 Good .
 Presumably well- to- do , 
 it 's expensive paper , this .
 It 's peculiarly strong and stiff .
 Peculiar , that is the very word .
 It is not English paper at all .
 Hold it up to the light .
 Ah , large E , small g , large P , and G with a small t woven into the texture .
 And that is ?
 Maker 's monogram .
 Excellent , Watson ! 
 Come along !
 Let us consult our continental gazetteer .
 Your cigars ; you see , I was not unmindful of your return . Oh , Holmes !
 Would you care for some whiskey ?
 Later , perhaps , when we 've eaten .
 The monogram is an abbreviation for Papier Gesellschaft , which is the German for " paper company . "
 And the Eg , Eglow , Eglonitz , Egria , a German- speaking district of Bohemia noted for its numerous glass factories and paper mills , there .
 Bohemia , the kingdom of Bohemia .
 And the note is written by a German .
 You see , " this account of you we have from all quarters received , " only a German is so uncourteous to his words .
 So we are to expect a German from Bohemia .
 Here he is , drawn by a pair , a nice little brougham .
 There 's money in this case , Watson , if there 's nothing else .
 Holmes , I think your visitor will want me out of the way .
 Not a bit , Doctor , stay where you are !
 I am lost without my Boswell .
 But he sounded so secretive .
 I may need your help , and so may he .
 Now , stay in that armchair , and give me your full attention . 
 Here he comes .
 I 'm sorry , sir , but you cannot come in here unannounced like this !
 Mr. Holmes does not see anybody without appointment !
 Oh , I 'm so sorry , Mr. Holmes !
 There was nothing I could do !
 It 's perfectly all right , Mrs. Hudson ! If you would kindly leave us .
 Yes . And close the door .
 Of course .
 Thank you .
 You read my note ? Yes .
 Pray take a seat !
 This is my friend and colleague , Dr. Watson , who is occasionally good enough to help me in my cases !
 How do you do , sir .
 Who do I have the honor to address ?
 You may address me as the Count Von Kramm , a Bohemian nobleman .
 I should much prefer to communicate with you alone .
 No , it is both , or none .
 You may say before this gentleman anything which you may wish to say to me .
 Very well , I take your word that he is a man of honor and discretion .
 But I must begin by binding you both to absolute secrecy for a period of two years .
 Indeed ?
 At the end of that time the matter will be of no importance .
 At present it is of such weight that it may have an influence upon European history .
 I promise .
 And I.
 You will excuse this mask .
 The august person who employs me wishes his agent to be unknown to you .
 In fact , I may confess that the title I have given you is not exactly my own .
 I was aware of that .
 The circumstances are of great delicacy ; every precaution must be taken to prevent an immense scandal which would seriously compromise one of the royal houses of Europe .
 To speak plainly , the matter concerns the great House of Ormstein , hereditary kings of Bohemia .
 I was aware of that , too , your Majesty .
 You are right ...
 I am the King .
 Why should I attempt to conceal it ?
 Why , indeed ?
 Your Majesty had not spoken before I was aware that I was addressing
 Wilhelm Gottsreich Sigismond von Ormstein ,
 Grand Duke of Cassel- Felstein , and hereditary King of Bohemia .
 And in passing , the finest dualist in Europe .
 You have killed four opponents .
 Honorably .
 Of course .
 The facts are briefly these :
 Ah !
 Some 10 years ago , during a lengthy visit to Warsaw ,
 I made the acquaintance of the well known adventuress ,
 Irena Adler .
 The name is no doubt familiar to you .
 Kindly look her up in my index , will you , Watson .
 So , I deduce that your Majesty became entangled with this lady , wrote her some compromising letters , and is now desirous of getting them back .
 Precisely so .
 But how could you know that ?
 Italian general 's staff ...
 Ah , Adler , Irena , born New Jersey , 1858 . Is this the lady ?
 New Jersey , let me see .
 Singer , contralto appeared at La Scala , opera houses Petersburg and Warsaw , retired from the operatic stage , now living in London , makes occasional concert appearances .
 That is the lady .
 Was there a secret marriage ? None .
 No legal papers or certificates ?
 None .
 Then I fail to follow your Majesty .
 If this person should produce your letters for blackmailing or other purposes , how is she to prove their authenticity ?
 There is the writing . Pooh , pooh !
 Forgery .
 My private writing paper .
 Stolen . My own seal .
 Imitated .
 My photograph .
 Bought .
 We were both in that photograph .
 Oh , dear , dear , dear .
 Yes , that is very bad .
 Your Majesty has certainly committed an indiscretion .
 She was beautiful , bewitching , clever , daring .
 I was only Crown Prince then .
 I was young !
 I am but 30 now .
 Of course , your Majesty has attempted to recover the photograph ?
 We have tried and failed .
 Then your Majesty must pay . It must be bought .
 She will not sell .
 Stolen , then .
 Five attempts have been made .
 Twice burglars in my pay ransacked her house .
 Once we diverted her luggage when she traveled .
 Twice she has been waylaid .
 There has been no sign of it .
 You mock ? !
 It is serious ! Yes .
 Yes , it is very serious , indeed .
 Well , what does she propose to do with this photograph if not to extort money ?
 To ruin me .
 How ?
 I 'm about to be married .
 So I 've heard .
 To the Princess Clotilde Lothman von Saxe- Meningen , and second daughter to the King of Scandinavia .
 It is a brilliant match . Precisely .
 But you will know the strict principles of her family .
 She 's herself the soul of delicacy .
 A shadow of doubt as to my conduct would bring the matter to an end .
 And Irena Adler ?
 Threatens to send them the photograph .
 And she will do it .
 She has a soul of steel .
 She 's more beautiful than any other woman I 've known , more resolute than any man .
 There are no lengths to which she would not go , none , to prevent my marriage to another woman !
 Your Majesty , why is this lady so vindictive ?
 Oh , there was once some talk of marriage . Ha !
 She would not see that it was impossible !
 You are sure that she has not sent the photograph yet ? I am sure .
 Why ?
 It may be on its way at this very moment .
 Because she has said that she would send it on the day when the betrothal was publicly proclaimed .
 That will be next Monday .
 But I must leave London on Friday to be home for the ceremony .
 Ah , then we do have three days .
 Well , that is very fortunate , for I do have other matters in hand .
 Where can I find your Majesty in London ?
 At the Langham Hotel , as the Count Von Kramm , remember .
 Yes , of course .
 And as to expenditure ?
 Here are 300 pounds in gold , and 700 in notes .
 And Miss Irena Adler 's address ?
 Goodnight , your Majesty , and I trust we shall soon have good news for you .
 Holmes , we can dine at Romano 's , but we only have three days , till Friday .
 Oh , it must be settled by Friday .
 The composer Tchaikovsky is conducting his own works at the St. James 's Hall .
 No , no , no , no !
 It must be settled by Friday .
 My dear Watson , I 'd like to be alone . You are hungry ?
 Yes .
 I 'm sure Mrs. Hudson will bring you up a sandwich .
 A sandwich ?
 We will not discuss this matter until tomorrow afternoon .
 Goodnight .
 Better than working , isn 't it , mate ?
 What is ?
 Looking on .
 I 'll change with you any time , gov .
 And what position are you ?
 Eight weeks , a mere first- class groom .
 Are ya ?
 Well , you can give me a hand if you like .
 I see you 're all right .
 Why not ? Give her the price of the booze .
 I thought it was the booze .
 Strap the mare , show us what you can do .
 I spent a couple of hours with the cabbie and his cronies .
 Miss Irena Adler has certainly turned all men 's heads in those parts .
 She is the daintiest thing under a bonnet on this planet , so say the Serpentine- mews fraternity , to a man .
 She lives quietly , drives out at five in the evening , returns at seven sharp for dinner .
 Seldom goes out at other times , except when she sings .
 She has only one male visitor , but sees a good deal of him .
 He never calls less than once a day , and often twice .
 His name is a Mr. Godfrey Norton , of the Inner Temple .
 You see the advantages of having a cabman as a confidant .
 Mr. Godfrey Norton is a lawyer , that is important .
 Ominous , perhaps .
 Why his repeated visits ?
 Is she his client , friend , or mistress ?
 If he is her lawyer , he might have the photograph to his strong box .
 If her lover , he might not even know of it .
 She had just begun to sing , 
 she has the voice of an angel , Watson ,
 when a truly surprising chain of events overtook me , starting with the arrival of someone I presumed to be Mr. Godfrey Noble .
 Wait for me , will you .
 Fetch your mistress 's carriage .
 Drive like the devil ,
 Church of St. Monica , Edgeware Road .
 I must arrive there at least five minutes before 12 : 00 .
 That gives you 20 minutes . Half a guinea if you do it .
 She is a lovely woman , Watson , with a face that a man might die for .
 A face a man might die for -- unusual language for you , Holmes .
 A metaphor , Watson , nothing else .
 I was just about to sprint after the landau and perch on the back when another cab came through the street .
 He looked twice at such a shabby fare , but I jumped in before he had time to object , showed him a handful of sovereigns and promised him one if he would get me to the Church of St. Monica within 20 minutes .
 Now , I don 't think that I have ever been driven faster in a cab .
 They were there before us .
 Look , I 'm very sorry , Mr. Norton , but l --
 For pity sake , it 's almost midday .
 The latest time allowed by law .
 I would have called in one of those confounded churchmen but I saw no reason to let them know our business and I sent them off for a drink .
 Oh , dear Lord !
 Godfrey .
 You , you , come here , man !
 Yes , I mean you !
 We 've only a few minutes left or it won 't be legal !
 Come man , come !
 Hold this and do as you 're told .
 You 'll be paid .
 Ah , we have our witness .
 The ceremony may proceed .
 Dearly beloved , we are gathered here in the sight of God to join together this man and this woman in holy matrimony which is an honorable estate instituted of God in the time of man 's innocency , signifying unto us the mystical union that is betwixt Christ and his church .
 Irena .
 I allowed you to persuade me , now you must allow me to persuade you .
 I shall see you tomorrow .
 At the very first moment .
 I love you .
 John .
 Hey , you !
 Come here , my man .
 Come here .
 Godfrey , let me .
 Sir , I want to thank you for being so miraculously present when we needed you .
 How fortunate that you have remained close by .
 Well , I 'm in no hurry , mum .
 I hope you will accept this .
 I don 't need no tip , mum .
 Oh , sir , let us call it a little souvenir .
 She gave me a sovereign .
 Here it is .
 What an extraordinary turn of events !
 I shall wear it on my watch chain in memory of the occasion .
 And what now ?
 Well , during the ceremony
 I thought my plans had been overthrown .
 If they had made an immediate departure , it would have necessitated the most prompt and energetic measures on my part .
 But , he went back to the Temple , and she went to her own home , thus , giving us time to act .
 How ?
 Doctor , I shall require all your courage and alertness .
 I shall be delighted !
 You don 't mind breaking the law ?
 Not in the least .
 Nor running the chance of arrest ?
 Not in a good cause .
 Oh , the cause is excellent .
 Well , then I am your man .
 Splendid .
 Now , the -- the question is --
 Holmes , you really do look quite remarkable !
 You know , the question is where to find the photograph .
 I mean , the house has twice been burgled .
 She was too clever for them .
 She is a remarkable woman .
 Well , they must have searched very thoroughly .
 They did not know how to look !
 And how will you look ?
 I shall not look .
 What then ?
 I will allow her to show me .
 But she 'll refused .
 She will not be able to .
 Ah , we draw near the scene of action .
 We had better walk from here .
 You know your instructions .
 When you raise your hand , I act .
 And we meet at the rendezvous in 10 minutes .
 Here she comes .
 Oh , no , you don 't .
 I was here first .
 I opened the door , lady .
 He never , no , it was me !
 Clear off , you two !
 Let- me- go !
 Opening carriage doors is a legitimate means of livelihood , Mr. [ inaudible ] .
 You ain 't gonna stop a man earning a copper , see .
 Let me pass .
 You there , let go of my coachman !
 Take the bread from me mouth , would 'ya ?
 I 'll fill your mouth , chum .
 Oh ! Oh , no , no , please , please don 't , men , please , I beg you , please I beg of you !
 Madam , I must protect you !
 Now stop that , you and you , stop that .
 Stand back !
 You see what you 've done !
 He 's dead !
 Scamper , mate , before the coppers come !
 He 's still breathing , but he 's taken a bad knock .
 I am sorry , ma 'am .
 You did your best , John .
 Is he badly hurt ?
 It is only superficial , but he needs attention , quickly .
 But he can 't lie on the street .
 Bring him into the house .
 All right , sir .
 Oh , you 're conscious .
 Thank goodness , you are a brave man .
 Over here , Willot .
 No , no , stand back ,
 I shall look after my friend in need .
 Sir , will you look toward me .
 Oh , it is no sight for a lady .
 I have strong nerves , dear friend .
 No , no , I cannot permit .
 Thank you .
 A bandage .
 As you wish .
 I 'm so relieved that your wound isn 't serious .
 Well , it is but shallow , and the concussion wears off .
 How extraordinary .
 Madam ?
 That so many people should gather in such a quiet little turning .
 Well , it 's the gang , madam , it was all pre- arranged to rob you . All those men to snatch one little purse .
 Oh , no , dear friend , it wouldn 't have paid them .
 My vocation takes me much amongst the poor and even the criminal classes , madam .
 Look at those people staring , curiosity is so unseemly , but I fear universal .
 Oh , I am so sorry , I think I 'm going to faint . 
 Oh , air , I need some air !
 Willot , the window1
 Some drinking water .
 Are there any smelling salts ?
 Madam , madam , I think I can smell fire . 
 What ?
 Fire , fire !
 Fire , fire , fire !
 There 's a fire , is there ?
 Madam , come out of here quickly !
 I 'll take care of the old gentleman !
 I can 't breathe . 
 It 's a false alarm !
 It 's a false alarm , look !
 It 's a trick , it 's a -- tell them -- tell them !
 There 's a fire !
 It 's a false alarm , do you hear ? 
 We do not need the fire engine !
 What is it ?
 It is a plumber 's rocket , madam , one of my flock is a plumber .
 It is ignited by a cap , and sends smoke into pipes to betray cracks and holes .
 No , no , no , no , no , it 's all right .
 It will disperse .
 You said it was a trick .
 Who would play such a trick on me ?
 One of the gang , madam .
 But to what purpose ?
 I 've escaped them . 
 Revenge .
 Revenge ?
 Are there such wicked people ?
 There are people in this world , madam , to whom revenge is in itself a reward .
 I cannot imagine such feelings .
 I 'm sure you cannot , madam .
 Well , I am feeling more myself . I must be on my way .
 Oh , please stay , some refreshment .
 Well , one of my flock expects me . Won 't you let my carriage take you ?
 Oh , no , no , no , the air will aid my recovery .
 At least your name , your address , that I may thank you adequately .
 Well , I am just a humble servant , madam , of the all seeing providence .
 Goodnight .
 Goodnight .
 You did it very nicely , Doctor . 
 You have the photograph ?
 No , but I know where it is .
 How did you find out ?
 She showed me , as I told you she would .
 The trouble is , it still remains in her possession .
 You may have lost your one chance , Holmes .
 No .
 I shall call early tomorrow morning .
 You 'll call there ?
 And as my own self , and with the King .
 The King ? ! 
 And with you , Watson !
 You must be a witness at the end of our quest .
 I trust you will sleep well tonight for a change , Holmes .
 Well , there 's nothing like success for curing insomnia .
 Goodnight , Mr. Sherlock Holmes , and Watson .
 Holmes ?
 But she could not love him .
 I am in hopes that she does . Why ?
 Because it would spare your Majesty all fear of future annoyance .
 If she loves her husband , then she does not love your Majesty .
 And if she does not love your Majesty , why should she interfere with your Majesty 's marriage .
 Mr. Sherlock Holmes , I believe . 
 I am Mr. Holmes .
 My mistress told me you were likely to call .
 She left this morning with her husband by the 5 : 15 train from Charing Cross for the Continent .
 She has left England ?
 Never to return , sir .
 All is lost .
 Well then , get at it .
 This is not it !
 Holmes , this is a different photograph !
 Do you hear me , man ? !
 The letter .
 It is addressed to me .
 " My Dear Mr. Sherlock Holmes : You did it very well . You took me in completely .
 Until after the alarm of fire , I had not a suspicion .
 But then , when I found that I had betrayed myself , it flashed into my mind that I had been warned against you months ago .
 I had been told that if the King employed an agent it would certainly be you .
 Yet , with all this , you made me reveal what you wanted to know .
 Even before when the presence of so many people in the street had sounded an alarm in my instinct ,
 I could not think evil of such a dear , kind old clergyman .
 But , you know ,
 I have been trained as an actress myself , and male costume is nothing new to me .
 Yes , it was I who followed you to your door , just to make sure that you really were the celebrated Mr. Sherlock Holmes .
 It was I who rather imprudently , wished you goodnight .
 Then I started for the Temple to see my new husband .
 We had married in secret in case we needed to leave the country to elude the King .
 Your appearance on the scene was the signal for flight .
 You are too formidable an antagonist .
 You will find the nest empty when you call tomorrow .
 As to the photograph , your client may rest in peace .
 I love and am loved by a better man than he . "
 " The King may " --
 " The King may do what he will without hindrance from one whom he has cruelly wronged .
 I kept it only to safeguard myself , and to preserve a weapon which will always secure me from any steps he may take . "
 There is more .
 " I leave another photograph which he might care to possess ; and I remain , dear Mr. Sherlock Holmes , very truly yours , Irena Norton , nee Adler . "
 What a woman !
 What a queen she would have made !
 Is it not a pity she was not on my level .
 From what I have seen of the lady , yes , indeed , she is on a very different level to your Majesty .
 I am only so sorry that I have failed in my commission .
 On the contrary , my dear sir , nothing could be more successful .
 I know that her word is inviolate .
 The photograph is now as safe as if it were in the fire .
 I am glad that your Majesty thinks so .
 I am immensely indebted to you .
 Pray , tell me in what way I can reward you .
 This ring ?
 Your Majesty has something which I should value even more highly .
 You have but to name it .
 This . Irena 's photograph ?
 Certainly , if you wish it .
 Then I have the honor to wish your Majesty a very good morning .
 And that was how a great scandal threatened the Kingdom of Bohemia , and how the best plans of Mr. Sherlock Holmes were beaten by a woman 's wit .
 He used to sneer much at the cleverness of women , but I have not heard him do it of late .
 And when he speaks of Irena Adler , or when he refers to that woman , it is always under the honorable title of " the woman . "
 In his eyes , she eclipses the whole of her sex .
 It was not that he ever betrayed any sign of love for Irena Adler , all emotions such as that one are abhorrent to his cold , precise mind .
 He only looks on women pathologically , as the source of motives , clues .
 And yet , he keeps her photograph apart , locked up .
 There is but one woman to him , the beautiful Irena Adler , of dubious and questionable memory .
 Countess of Morcar 's , thanks .
 My God , she 's back .
 She 's getting out of the carriage .
 Come on , Ryder ,
 get a move on .
 All right . Get moving . All right .
 Her ladyship won 't want workmen under her feet .
 All right , I finished , don 't worry , quick job , like you said .
 Oh , yeah , yeah , nice , nice .
 Countess , eh ?
 Have to get by appointment only ...
 Come on , lad , out .
 All right .
 Over there will do .
 Here , for the three of you .
 Thank you , milady , and a Merry Christmas , milady .
 Ring for tea , Cusack . 
 Yes , milady .
 I need something to sustain me .
 I do find preparing for Christmas quite an ordeal .
 Yes , milady .
 And then , a bath , I think .
 Milady .
 The blue carbuncle , the blue carbuncle , it 's stolen .
 Open them up , there .
 Oh , John , she 'll love it , it is beautiful .
 Just like her mother .
 But can we afford it , though ?
 I told you , I made a nice little bob or two lately .
 Even if I hadn 't , it 's Christmas .
 You 're a good man , John Horner .
 I 'm a lucky man , a wife and kids like I 've got , means as good as a king .
 So , it 's the doll for the girl , and the boat for the boy , right ?
 Right .
 Spending the loot already , are we , Horner ?
 What do you mean ?
 I 've done nothing , what do you mean ?
 John Frederick Horner ,
 I hereby arrest you on the charge of stealing the valuable gem known as the blue carbuncle , the property of the Countess of Morcar .
 Anything you say ...
 I didn 't do it , I tell you , I didn 't do it . ... the men at the hotel gave a very good description of you .
 Constable , I didn 't do it , I tell you ,
 let me go , will you , I didn 't do it .
 Oh .
 Mr. Holmes ?
 Mr. Holmes ?
 Mr. Peterson , the commissionaire from Upasit ...
 Oh , please , go away . ... he 'd like a word with you .
 Oh .
 I 'm sorry to disturb you , Mr. Holmes .
 Peterson , put down your goose , and your , your hat .
 It 's a fine purchase ,I myself favor a goose for Christmas dinner .
 Well , that 's part of the problem ,Mr. Holmes , 
 the bird is not mine .
 You might say , I come by it .
 Oh , " for Mrs. Henry Baker , "
 and obviously , not your hat .
 No , sir .
 Well , there were peculiar circumstances , and I didn 't know what to do for the best .
 It hardly seemed a matter for the police .
 So I talked to the wife about it , and she suggested I come and see you .
 The wise Mrs. Peterson .
 Sit down , my dear fellow , and describe these peculiar circumstances to me .
 Well , sir , it was like this .
 Last night I was on my way home from a little , uh , celebration .
 Well , at this time of the year some of us commissionairs meet to -
 To wish each other the season 's greetings .
 Exactly .
 The season 's greetings .
 Oh , you 're a top , sir .
 Your good health , sir .
 Well , as I was saying , I was on my way home when I came across what you would only describe as a frakel .
 Oy , what 's happening ?
 Blimey , it 's a copper , ... get out of here .
 get out of here .
 I 'm trying to help you , man .
 Well , the roughs ran off in one direction , and the drunk fellow ran off in the other .
 I tried to stop him , but he no doubt thought
 I was a constable about to apprehend him for the breaking of the window .
 And so you left with the spoils of victory in the shape of that battered hat , and a most unimpeachable Christmas goose .
 Both of which I would willingly have returned to their rightful owners , Mr. Holmes , but the truth is , I didn 't know how .
 My dear Peterson , I do see your problem .
 Anyway , as I say ,
 I discussed the matter with the good lady , and we decided that I would bring both the goose and the hat to you , Mr. Holmes , seeing as how even the slightest of problems is of interest to you in your particular line of occupation .
 I hope you don 't think I 'm wasting your time , Mr. Holmes .
 Not in the least .
 Now then , Commissionaire , 
 have you purchased your own bird ?
 No , not yet .
 Then I suggest that you carry off this goose so that it may fulfill its ultimate destiny , 
 while I retain the battered hat of the unknown gentleman who has lost his Christmas dinner .
 Well , if you think I should , Mr. Holmes . I do , indeed .
 For there are signs , in spite of the frost , that this bird should be prepared without unnecessary delay .
 Well , if that 's all right , Mr. Holmes .
 I will of course , keep you in touch with the developments .
 Very good , sir .
 Oh , uh , may I wish you the complements of the season .
 And to you and your good wife .
 But you still haven 't found the jewel .
 Not yet , no , milady , 
 but we do have the man , Horner .
 Or have a clue as to its whereabouts .
 And I think we may assume that he had one accomplice , if not more .
 Well , what of that ?
 Contrary to popular fiction , milady , there is very little honor amongst thieves , and even less with the right inducement .
 Inducement , do you mean a reward ?
 Uh , yes .
 Why should I offer a reward ?
 In my experience , and it is considerable ,
 I have found that the offer of a reward would very soon set the greedy cat amongst the criminal pigeon .
 Well ?
 I should be very surprised if I did not gain a result within 24 hours .
 How much ?
 Holmes ? Oh , you 're up .
 The Countess of Morcar is offering a thousand pounds for the return of the blue carbuncle .
 Inspector Bradstreet of B Division is in charge of the case , 
 and has arrested Mr. John Horner , a plumber , age 36 , who protested his innocence in the strongest terms .
 Circumstantial evidence was so strong that the case has been referred to the Assizes .
 Horner , who showed signs of intense emotion during the proceedings , faded away at the conclusion and was carried from the court .
 Oh , excuse me , you are engaged .
 I am interrupting your study of that hat .
 No , no , no , the matter is a perfectly trivial one .
 But there are points in connection with it which are not devoid of interest , even of instruction .
 I suppose that homely as it looks , that thing has some deadly story linked to it that is the clue which will guide you in the solution of some mystery and the punishment of some crime .
 No , no , no , no , it is just one of those whimsical little instance that will occur when you have four million people jostling each other within the space of a few square miles .
 So , what do you gather from that battered old felt ?
 You know my methods .
 What do you yourself gather as to the individuality of the man who has worn this particular article ?
 It was accompanied by a goose , Watson .
 " For Mrs. Henry Baker , " was printed upon a small card attached to the bird 's left leg .
 Well , apart from the initials inside ,
 H. B. , presumably Henry Baker ... ... I can see nothing .
 On the contrary , Watson , you can see everything , but you fail to reason for what you see .
 You are too timid in drawing your inferences .
 Then , pray , tell me what it is that you can infer from that hat ?
 That the man is highly intellectual is , of course , obvious .
 And also that he was fairly well- to- do within the past three years , although now he has fallen upon evil days .
 He had foresight , but less now than formerly , pointing to a moral retrogression , which , when taken with the decline of his fortunes , seems to indicate an evil influence , probably drink .
 This may account also for the fact that his wife has ceased to love him .
 My dear , Holmes .
 He has , however , retained some degree of self- respect , and now he leads a sedentary life , is out of training entirely .
 He 's middle- aged , has grizzled hair which he has had cut within the last few days , and which he anoints with lime- cream .
 It is also highly improbable that he has gas laid on in his house .
 Well , now you are certainly joking .
 Not in the least .
 Well , I have no doubt that I am very stupid .
 For example , how do you deduce that the man is intellectual ?
 It is a question of cubic capacity .
 A man with so large a head must have something in it .
 Well , the decline in his fortunes , then ?
 These flat brims with the curled edges came in three years ago .
 It is a hat of the very best quality , Watson .
 Look at the band of ribbed silk and the excellent lining .
 If this man could afford so expensive a hat three years ago , and has had no hat since , then he has assuredly gone down in the world .
 What about the foresight and the moral retrogression ?
 Ah , here is the foresight , these securers are never sold upon hats .
 If this man ordered one , it is a sign of a certain amount of foresight ,
 since he went out of his way to take precaution against the wind .
 But as you see that he has broken the elastic and has not troubled to replace it , a weakening nature .
 Mmm .
 The further points , 
 that he is middle- aged , 
 that his hair is grizzled , 
 that it has been cut recently , 
 and that he anoints it with lime- cream , 
 can all to be gathered by an inspection of the lower part of the lining , Watson .
 Witness the moisture , obviously a free perspirer , therefore , not in the best of training .
 But his - his wife , you said she had ceased to love him .
 This hat has not been brushed for weeks .
 When I see a man with a week 's accumulation of dust upon his hat , and his wife has allowed him to go out in such a state ,
 I fear that he has been unfortunate enough to lose his wife 's affections .
 He might be a bachelor .
 Nay , but he brought a goose as a peace offering to his wife .
 Remember the card attached to the bird 's leg .
 Yes , well , you have an answer to everything .
 Just a minute , just a minute ,
 how do you deduce that there is no gas laid on in his house ?
 One tallow candle stain , or even two , might come by chance ; 
 but when I see , Watson , no less than five , he never got candle stains from a gas jet , Watson .
 Are you satisfied ?
 Well , it 's all very ingenious .
 Mr. Holmes , the goose , the goose , Mr. Holmes .
 Well , what of it , man , has it come back to life and flapped off through the kitchen window ?
 No , no sir , no sir , but see , see what the wife found in its crop .
 By Jove , Peterson , this is a treasure- trove indeed .
 You know what you 've got ?
 A diamond , a precious stone . It cuts glass like it was putty .
 It is more than a precious stone .
 It is the precious stone .
 The Hotel Cosmopolitan robbery , the blue carbuncle .
 indeed .
 And your reward , Peterson , of 1000 pounds is not within a twentieth of its market price .
 A thousand pounds , oh , Lord have mercy .
 You must admit , Watson , that my deductions in regard to this hat have suddenly assumed a more important aspect .
 Yes , point taken , Holmes .
 Now , the question for us now to solve is to trace the sequence of events from a rifled jewel case at one end , to the crop of a goose at the other .
 There is the stone .
 The stone came from the goose , the goose came from Mr. Henry Baker , the gentleman with the shabby hat and all the other characteristics .
 So , now , we must set ourselves very seriously to finding this gentleman , and to ascertaining what part he had to play in this little mystery .
 Found at the corner of Goodge Street , a goose and a black felt hat .
 Mr. Henry Baker can have same by applying at 6 : 30 this evening at 221B , Baker Street , clear and concise .
 Yes , very , but will he see it ?
 Well , I 'm sure he will keep an eye on the evening papers , for the poor man , the loss was a heavy one .
 Oh , Peterson , uh , just nip down to the advertising agency and have this put in all the evening papers .
 Which , one , sir ?
 The Globe , Star , Pall Mall , St. James 's Bissett , Echo ,
 Evening News , Standard , and all the others that may occur to you .
 Right away , sir .
 And the stone ?
 I shall keep the stone . Thank you , Peterson .
 Yes , sir .
 Oh , and Peterson , uh , would you pick up a goose on your way back ?
 Give him the money , will you , Watson .
 We must have something to give Mr. Henry Baker to take the place of the one which your family will very soon be devouring .
 Oh , thank you , sir .
 A thousand pounds ?
 Um , what , uh , will you do with the stone ?
 I shall keep it in my museum .
 Well , Horner ,
 Her Ladyship is not at all pleased with me .
 You might be under lock and key , but she 'd rather her blue carbuncle was .
 Never took it Inspector ...
 Well -
 Tell me what you did with it , and , uh ,
 I 'll put in a good word at your trial .
 But , if you don 't -
 I 've been on the straight for years , ever since I married Jenny .
 If you don 't , and when the judge hears about your previous conviction , you might never see your pretty wife again .
 I 've got you , Horner , but I need that jewel .
 It 's a bonny thing , just see how it glints and sparkles .
 Of course , it is a nucleus and focus of crime , every good stone is .
 They are the devil 's pet baits .
 In the larger and older jewels every facet may stand for a bloody deed .
 It was found in the banks of the Amoy River in southern China ,
 and is remarkable in having every characteristic of the carbuncle , save that it is blue instead of ruby red .
 This stone is not yet twenty years old .
 In spite of its youth , it already has a sinister history .
 There have been two murders , a vitriol- throwing , a suicide , and several robberies brought about for the sake of this forty- grain weight of crystallized charcoal .
 Who would think that so pretty a toy could be a purveyor to the gallows and the prison ?
 Come in . 
 Mr. Henry Baker , I believe ?
 Please , draw near the fire .
 It is a cold night and I observe that your circulation is more adapted for summer than for winter .
 Do sit down .
 This is my friend and colleague , Dr. Watson .
 How do you do , sir ?
 Mr. Baker ...
 is that your hat ?
 Oh , yes , oh , it is undoubtedly my hat .
 Thank you , sir .
 I would have advertised its loss but shillings have not been so plentiful with me as they once were .
 I had no doubt that the gang of roughs who assaulted me had carried off both my hat and the bird .
 I did not care to spend more money in a hopeless attempt at recovering them .
 Yes , well , of course , that is very understandable .
 Oh , by the way , about your bird , we were compelled to eat it .
 To eat it .
 It would have been of little use to anyone had we not done so .
 But we have another goose upon the sideboard there , which I presume will answer your purpose equally well .
 It is about the same weight , and perfectly fresh , as you can see .
 Oh , yes , most certainly .
 Of course , we have kept the feathers , legs , crop , and so on of your own bird , if you so wish .
 It might be useful to me as relics of my adventure , but beyond that I can hardly see what use the disjectamembra of my old acquaintance could possibly be to me .
 Oh , no , sir , with your permission ,
 I - I shall confine my attentions to the excellent bird which I perceive upon your sideboard .
 I would be interested to know where the other bird came from .
 You see , I am somewhat of a fowl fancier , and I have seldom seen a better grown bird .
 It would be of great interest to me to know precisely how it came into your possession . 
 It was the club , sir , the goose club .
 The goose club , the exact circumstances ?
 I - I am not a rich man , as you may see , sir , 
 but I make a humble living , and a respectable one , if I may say so , in the British Museum .
 Studying ?
 Studying , you might say , and helping others with their studies .
 I - I have a certain knowledge of books .
 That day , sir , I had finished work early and left the museum in the afternoon .
 I had a little business to attend to before calling in at the Alpha Public House .
 Several of us who work in the museum frequent that establishment , and this year our good host ,
 Mr. Windigate , had instigated a goose club , by which , on consideration of some few pence each week , we were to receive a bird at Christmas .
 There we are , Mr. Baker , a very fine bird , as promised .
 Magnificent specimen , indeed , landlord , eh .
 Put you back in the wife 's good books , eh ?
 Well , she is still somewhat irked with me , I 'm afraid .
 Things may doubtless improve when I am once more in gainful employment .
 Oh , an academic nature , of course . 
 I have expectations .
 Well , I owe you one last payment of eight pennies , eh .
 Struck it rich , have we , Mr. B ?
 I chanced upon an acquaintance of sympathetic disposition , I , that is to say ,
 I sold some of my books .
 Oh , not your books , Mr. Baker .
 Needs must , Mr. Windigate , and at this season of the year more than ever , 
 we must not deprive those we love , or even those to whom we are married .
 And so , if you will set aside this impressive peace offering ,
 I shall fortify myself for the fray with a large glass of whiskey , and a pint of your most excellent beer .
 Merry Christmas to you .
 Same to you , Mr. Baker .
 Well , sir , on my way home
 I was attacked by the gang of roughs , who I believed had stolen the goose .
 My hat came off in the scuffle .
 I - I remember little of it , save that a uniformed officer appeared on the scene and we all made off .
 Yes , of course , we quite understand .
 In the circumstances .
 Well , all is well that ends well .
 I am most indebted to you , sir , for your trouble .
 A scottish bonnet , I fear , is fitted neither to my years nor to my dignity .
 My complements of the season to you , sir .
 And to you , too , sir .
 Oh , thank you , sir .
 Oh , uh , by the way , do you have gas laid on in your house ?
 Gas , alas , no .
 Jolly good . Merry Christmas .
 And to you both , gentlemen .
 Well then , so much for Mr. Henry Baker .
 He obviously knows nothing of the matter . Ah , Mrs. Hudson .
 Watson , do you need nourishment ? 
 Not particularly .
 Splendid .
 Mrs. Hudson , we shall turn dinner into supper , 
 and we will follow up this clue while it is still hot .
 Which is more than the supper will be .
 Good evening , gentlemen , and a very cold one .
 It is , indeed , landlord , it is indeed .
 And what shall be your pleasure ?
 Beer , Watson ? What ? Oh , yes , splendid .
 Two of your very best glasses of beer .
 Right away , sir .
 Your beer should be excellent if it is as good as your geese .
 What geese ?
 We were talking , um , half an hour ago to a Mr. Henry Baker , a member of your goose club . Yes .
 Yes , but you see , them 's not our geese .
 Whose , then ?
 Well , I got the whole two dozen from a salesman in Covent Garden .
 Who might that be ?
 Name of Breckinridge , a purveyor of the finest quality .
 Mind you , if it 's a bird you 're after , I 'd get to him as soon as poss .
 Oh , it 's a very busy time of year , as you 'll appreciate .
 Well , thank you so much for your advice .
 Will you have a glass of beer with us , landlord ?
 Well , God bless you for a gentleman .
 Now , for Mr. Breckinridge .
 Can 't it wait ?
 Watson , we have been given a line of investigation which has been missed by the police , and which a singular chance has placed in our hands .
 Now , let us follow it out to the bitter end .
 Extremely bitter. Faces to the south , then , and quick , march .
 Please . I want to believe you , John , I do , really , 
 but I can 't argue with what the police is saying .
 But they 're only saying that cause I was there on the day .
 It was an odd job .
 Is that really the truth ? 
 I promised when I married you ,
 I 'd never tell you a lie .
 I kept my promise , always will .
 I want to believe you .
 Uh , good evening .
 Good evening .
 Sold out of geese , I see .
 Yeah , I 'll have five hundred in the morning .
 Too late , I think . See the stall over there with the gas fire , try him .
 Yes , but I was recommended to you .
 Oh , who by ?
 The landlord of the Alpha Public House .
 Oh , yeah , he had a couple of dozen off me .
 Very good geese , too . 
 Where , may I ask , did you get them ?
 Here then , mister , 
 what exactly are you driving at ?
 Come on , let 's have it straight , now .
 It 's straight enough . 
 I simply want to know who sold you the geese that you supplied to the Alpha .
 Well then , I 'm not gonna tell you , so now .
 It really is of no matter , but I fail to see why you should get so warm over a trifle .
 Warm , you 'd be as warm if you were as pestered as I am .
 When I pay good money for a good article that should be an end of it ; 
 but it 's where are the geese , who have you sold them to , how much will you take for them ?
 You would think those were the only geese in the world , the amount of fuss that 's made over them .
 Well , I can assure you that I have no connection with anybody else who 's made inquiries .
 Inquiries , it 's more like the inquisition .
 I 'm not telling you .
 Ah , well then , the bet is off .
 What bet ? What bet ?
 Well , I 'm always ready to back my opinion on the matter of fowls , 
 and I have a fiver with my friend here that the bird that I chose is country bred , right , Watson ?
 What ?  Oh , oh , oh , yes , yes , absolutely .
 Ah , you 've lost your money then , cause it 's town bred .
 It is nothing of the kind .
 I say it is . I don 't believe you .
 Come on , pay up , Holmes .
 What , do you think I wouldn 't know , me , who 's been handling fowl since I was a nipper ?
 I 'll tell you , all the birds that went to the Alpha were town bred .
 You 'll never make me believe that .
 Come on , come on , do the decent , Holmes .
 Will you have a bet , then ?
 I 'll be just taking your money , 
 but I 'll have a sovereign with you , just to teach you not to be obstinate .
 Done . Right .
 Now then , Mr. Cocksure , you see these here books here , well , this is a list of all the folk what I buy off .
 Now , on this page is all me country folk , 
 and these on this side in red ink are all me town suppliers .
 Now you read out that third name down to me .
 Mrs. Oakshott , 117 Brixton Road .
 Yeah , account number 249 .
 Go on , then , turn it up in the ledger .
 Mrs. Oakshott , egg and poultry supplier ?
 Now , what 's the last entry ?
 Twenty- four geese at seven and six pence , sold to Mr. Windigate of the Alpha Public House .
 So , what are you gonna say now ?
 What about this gentleman 's fiver ?
 Well done , Holmes .
 Shall we see this Mrs. Oakshott tonight ?
 Oh , no , not you again , I 've had enough of you .
 Listen , I 've told you before , clear off .
 But the thing is , there were two gray- headed geese .
 Now , listen , I 've had enough of you and those geese . I wish you was all at the devil together .
 If you come pestering me any more with your silly talk
 I 'll set the dog on you . 
 Now , look here , Mrs. Oakshott told me -
 You bring Mrs. Oakshott here , and I 'll answer her , 
 but what have you got to do with it , eh ?
 Did I buy the geese off you ?
 No ; but one of them was mine all the same .
 Well , you go and ask Mrs. Oakshott for it . She told me to ask you .
 You can ask the King of Prusia , for all I care .
 I 've had enough of this .
 Go on , get out of it .
 This may save us a trip to Brixton .
 Excuse me , but I could not help overhearing the conversation you had just now with that salesman .
 I think I can be of assistance to you in this matter .
 Yea , who are you ?
 My name is Sherlock Holmes . It is my business to know what other people don 't know .
 But you could know nothing of this .
 On the contrary , I know everything of it .
 I know that you are trying to find out the whereabouts of some geese sold by Mrs. Oakshott , of Brixton Road , to our friend , Mr. Breckinridge , over there .
 Who in turn , sold them to Mr. Windigate , of the Alpha Public House .
 Sir , you 're the very man I have longed to meet .
 I can hardly explain to you my interest in the matter .
 Then I suggest that we carry on this conversation in rather more comfort .
 Cab .
 Come in , take my chair .
 I will just put on my slippers .
 I think we should know the name of the gentleman whom we have the pleasure of assisting , don 't you , Watson ?
 John Robinson .
 Oh , no , no , no , no ; your real name .
 It is so awkward doing business with an alias .
 Well then , uh , my real name is Ryder , James Ryder .
 Yes , Mr. Ryder , upper attendant at the Hotel Cosmopolitan .
 Yes .
 And I suppose you would like to know what happened to these geese , or , rather , one goose , in particular , white , with a gray head ?
 Oh , sir , can you tell me where it went to ?
 It came here . Here ? Sadly , it is no longer here .
 But it laid an egg after it was dead - 
 the bonniest , brightest little blue egg you have ever seen .
 Come , come , I have it .
 The game is up , Ryder .
 Bear up , man , you 'll be in the fire .
 And what a wretched little shrimp it is , to be sure , there 's enough blood in him for felony .
 I have almost every link in the chain , Ryder , you need tell me very little .
 Catherine Cusack put me up to it .
 Her Ladyship 's maid . Exactly .
 You knew from local gossip that Horner had been concerned in some such matter before .
 So what did you do , you made some small job in milady 's room , you and your confederate Cusack .
 You then managed that Horner should be sent for .
 But you , you stole the jewel , then you raised the alarm and had this unfortunate man arrested .
 For God 's sake , Mr. Holmes , have mercy .
 Think of my father , think of my mother , it would break their hearts .
 I mean , I never went wrong before , I never will again .
 I swear it on a Bible .
 Oh , don 't - don 't bring me to court , Mr. Holmes .
 For God 's sake , don 't do that to me .
 Get back into your chair .
 It is very well to cringe and crawl now , but you thought little of the man that you sent to the dock for a crime of which he knew nothing .
 I 'll fly , Mr. Holmes .
 I 'll leave the country .
 Then the charge against him will break down .
 We 'll talk about that later .
 Now tell me , how came the stone into the goose ,
 and how came the goose into the open market ?
 Tell me the truth , now , for that is your only hope of safety .
 I 'll tell it to you just as it happened .
 I thought it was best to get away with the stone as quick as I could , for I didn 't know at what moment the police might not take it into their heads to search me and my room .
 There was nowhere in the hotel where it would be safe .
 So , I went out , as if on some commission , and made for my sister 's house to think things over .
 Why , Jim , whatever is it , you look terrible .
 I had a bit of a turn , Maggie . There 's been a robbery at the hotel .
 You 'd better come in .
 I went into the back yard where she kept the geese , smoked a pipe , and wondered what it would be best to do .
 I remember that my stomach wasn 't gonna stop feeling like a bag of ferrets till I found somewhere to hide the stone for a while ,
 when suddenly , I looked at the geese , which was hissing and huddling in the corner of the yard .
 My sister had told me that I might have the pick of her geese for a Christmas present .
 I picked out one of the birds , a fine thick one with a gray head .
 I pushed the stone down its throat as far as my finger could reach .
 Then I thought all my troubles was over , when ...
 Whatever are you doing with that bird , Jim ?
 Uh , you said I could have one for Christmas , so I was just feeling which is the fattest .
 We already set yours aside -Jim 's bird , we call it .
 Uh , if it 's all the same to you , Maggie ,
 I 'd rather have that one I was handling just now .
 Well , that one is a good three pounds heavier , we fattened it up expressly .
 Never mind .
 I 'll take the other , and I 'll take it now .
 Just as you like .
 Which one is it ?
 It 's that gray- headed one in the middle . Oh , very well . 
 Kill it and take it with you .
 I did what she said , Mr. Holmes , 
 and I carried the bird to my pal , we got a knife ,
 and we opened it up , my heart turned to water , 
 there was no sign of the stone , and I knew some terrible mistake must have occurred .
 Where have they all gone ?
 To the dealer 's .
 Which dealer 's ?
 Breckinridge , of Covent Garden .
 Tell me , just tell me , was there another one which had a gray head ?
 That 's right , two ,
 I could never tell them apart , I couldn 't .
 Well , what 's the matter , what 's all the hurry ?
 I ran as hard as my feet would carry me to this man Breckinridge ; 
 but he had sold the lot , and not one word would he tell me as to where they had gone .
 I 've gone mad .
 And now I 'm a branded thief , without ever having touched the wealth for which I 've sold my character .
 God help me .
 God help me .
 Get out .
 What ?
 Heavens , bless you , sir .
 No more words .
 Get out .
 I must confess , Holmes , to being a little surprised .
 I am not retained by the police to supply their deficiencies .
 Maybe I am committing a felony , but I may be saving a soul .
 Send him to jail now , you make him a jailbird for life .
 Listen , after all , it is the season for forgiveness , come .
 Midnight .
 Merry Christmas , Holmes .
 And to you , my dear friend . Just a minute .
 Holmes , I cannot contemplate eating while John Horner is still on remand .
 Do you suppose that Bradstreet or one of his colleagues might still be at their desks ?
 You 're quite right , Watson , come , let 's go .
 Mrs. Barclay , your tea . 
 Your tea , madam .
 I hate you , I hate you ,
 I hate you , I hate you .
 David -
 Your tea , madam .
 David , you betrayed him .
 Mrs. Fenning -
 What 's happened , what is it , child ?
 It 's madam and the Colonel , something awful is going on and I can 't open the door .
 Here , let me try .
 Stop him , both of you . 
 Mrs. Barclay , open the door .
 Mrs. Barclay , open the door .
 The door is locked on the inside as well , and there 's no key .
 I 'm going out for a doctor , and the police .
 There 's quite a few of them when I sailed home wounded .
 Had a good record out in India , did wonders during the Mutiny .
 I 'm sure you won 't regret taking the case .
 Ah , sentry .
 Dr. John Watson , formerly medical officer attached to the Royal Berkshires , now in civilian practice .
 Murphy , second in command , temporarily in charge of the Royal Mallows , following the , tragedy of our Colonel 's death .
 And this will be Mr. Holmes ?
 Please .
 It 's good of you to come so swiftly .
 Not at all .
 I have explained to Holmes how concerned you must be about the possibility of a scandal .
 Thank you .
 The honor of the regiment is in my care .
 And yet , the newspapers report suggest that a scandal is inevitable .
 Surely not .
 I 've done my utmost to make sure that reporters were kept as far away as possible .
 Exactly , and that is what has made them suspicious .
 They scent a mystery , that much is clear from the little they have been able to say .
 Surely , it would be wrong to repeat , to draw attention to -
 Quite .
 You see how much we need your help , Mr. Holmes .
 What do you say , Holmes ?
 What can I say ?
 Major Murphy , you have told me nothing .
 I have come down here after persuasion from my friend , to Aldershot , who has more interest in military matters than I.
 Now that I am here , please tell me the facts .
 The commanding officer of this regiment ,
 Colonel James Barclay , was found dead in his villa at about 10 o 'clock the night before last .
 The body was found by Private Bates , his batman , lying in the morning room .
 There was a ragged cut , two- inches long , on the back of his head , which had evidently been caused by a violent blow from a blunt instrument .
 And upon the floor by the body was a singular hand- carved wooden club .
 Also , stretched out on the sofa lying in a dead faint , was Nancy Bar -Mrs. Barclay .
 Please continue , Major Murphy .
 The servants had been alerted to the tragedy by the sounds of a quarrel between the Colonel and Mrs. Barclay .
 They tried to enter the morning room but found it locked .
 Bates had to go around by the garden and get in through the french windows .
 And now you suspect Mrs. Barclay ? 
 Yes . But she is quite incapable of such a dreadful act !
 I have been the late Colonel 's second in command for a number of years .
 I 've come to know Nancy Barclay well .
 Of course .
 Tell me about Colonel Barclay , was he highly regarded by the men under his command ?
 Considering his background , remarkably so .
 His background , why , was he ever disgraced ?
 No , but it 's not generally known outside that Jim Barclay began his career as a private soldier in the Mallows .
 Did he , indeed ?
 From private soldier to commanding officer in the same regiment , that 's a rare achievement .
 I was his gallantry in the Indian Mutiny that got him his commission , and then quite rapid promotion over the years , more rapid than mine , for instance .
 Impressive .
 And I suppose the unfortunate Mrs. Barclay is in custody ?
 No , not exactly , no .
 She 's in hospital , being looked after , with a police constable standing by .
 Nancy Barclay is a handsome woman now , but you should have seen her as a young girl in India , 30 years ago .
 She was a daughter of the regiment .
 Her father was the Regimental Sergeant Major , RSM Devoy , and therefore quite a formidable father- in- law for any soldier .
 I remember that all the men in my company thought her quite the prettiest girl in the garrison .
 As a junior officer I had little to do with her , but I was aware that she was a most charming , most vivacious and spirited girl .
 It was quite understandable that Barclay was not the only man in the regiment who sought her hand .
 But , in the end , he was the one she chose .
 They were married at Bhurtee , not far from Cornpor a few months after the besieged garrison there was relieved by General Neill 's column in the summer of 1858 . 
 Shortly after the marriage ,
 Sergeant Barclay got his commission , as expected .
 It must have been difficult for the Barclays at first ,
 NCO , promoted from the ranks , married to a regimental Sergeant Major 's daughter ?
 Yes , I believe there was some little social friction .
 But , Nancy carried it off with dignity and charm , and they gained acceptance in no time .
 Barclay 's career flourished , and the regiment returned from India some five years ago .
 Barclay was then appointed to commanding officer .
 And the marriage continued to be a happy one ?
 It appeared to be so . 
 Appeared ?
 Most people believe the marriage to have been a uniformly happy one .
 And what do you believe , Major Murphy ?
 My position as second in command often took me to the Barclay 's house .
 I saw a different side to the marriage .
 The truth is more important than loyalty to your late commander .
 One night I had been dining at the Barclays .
 It wasn 't until I reached the end of the drive that I realized I 'd left my cigar case in the dining room .
 I went back , the front door was still open ;
 Jane , the maid , was in the hall .
 I 'm glad you 're still here ,
 I left my cigar case on the table .
 I think the Colonel and Mrs. Barclay have gone to bed , sir .
 Oh , for goodness sake , James .
 Confess then , who is it , who ?
 Let go of me , you 're hurting me .
 Tell me you love me then , me and nobody else .
 Do you hear , do you hear me ?
 Oh , would I have married you if I didn 't ?
 I don 't know , sometimes I wonder .
 And this expression of jealousy occurred within seconds of you , Major Murphy ,leaving the Barclays ' house .
 Tell me about the Colonel , was he a violent man in any way ?
 On occasion .
 He could be most vindictive towards young subalterns .
 But he 'd clawed his way to the top , you need to be ruthless to do that .
 Surely he didn 't still feel out of place as an officer ?
 No , I don 't think so , but he was subject to a peculiar form of depression .
 The Queen .
 The Queen .
 Sometimes when we were discussing old campaigns , the premier , the Mutiny , Afghan War , the smile would often be struck from his mouth as if by some invisible hand .
 Yes , long service in India can have that effect . 
 I saw that when I was in the Berkshires .
 You mentioned a carved wooden club found by the body , one of the Colonel 's Indian souvenirs ?
 I believe the servants deny ever having seen this club before .
 Certainly I 've never seen it on any of my visits .
 It was quite long .
 And the police , I suppose , have retained it for examination ?
 Yes .
 They believe it to be the murder weapon .
 Do they , indeed ?
 I think we should begin by visiting the Barclays ' house , unless , of course , it is possible to interview Mrs. Barclay ?
 I 'm afraid she 's still unconscious .
 I thought as much .
 David , David .
 What a beautiful morning .
 Holmes , suppose Mrs. Barclay had a lover and the Colonel had found out ?
 Major Murphy seems to have been rather close to her .
 You know , mild adultery has always been commonplace among officers and their wives serving in hot climates .
 Thank you , Watson , for educating me in military morality .
 If there had been anything between Major Murphy and Mrs. Barclay , would he have related the incident of his forgotten cigar case ?
 I was about half past seven , sir , and I was waiting a table .
 Once a month , Mrs. Barclay spent the evening doing charity work in Aldershot .
 Where are you off to in such a hurry ?
 Well , the distribution of old clothing starts at 8 o 'clock , and I promised Ann Morrison
 I 'd be at the mission hall on time .
 Well , if you want to catch some filthy disease dealing with a lot of flea ridden down and outs ,
 I suppose that 's your affair .
 I believe in putting back into life as much as one gets out of it .
 We 've been fortunate with our lot ; others haven 't been so lucky .
 Don 't be late back .
 Of course not .
 Mrs. Barclay must have returned about quarter past nine , sir .
 I was in the kitchen helping the cook with the dishes .
 There was thunder in the distance ,
 and I was just saying to Mrs. Fenning that there was a storm brewing , when the morning room bell rang .
 I came up here to find that Mrs. Barclay had returned .
 She was walking up and down this room , sir , very pale , upset .
 She looked awful , sir .
 You rang , madam ?
 Yes , Jane , bring me some tea , will you ?
 Of course , madam .
 Jane , is that you ?
 Yes , sir . Did I hear Mrs. Barclay come in ?
 Yes , sir , she 's in the morning room . 
 The morning room ? Yes , sir .
 I 'm just about to take her a pot of tea .
 Tea ? what does she want tea for at this hour ?
 And that , presumably , was the last time that anyone saw Colonel Barclay alive ?
 Yes , sir .
 Can you think of any reason why your mistress came into this morning room at that time of night , when the fire was unlit ?
 No , sir .
 Did she often make a point of purposely avoiding the Colonel ?
 Had you ever heard them arguing before ?
 Not to my knowledge , sir .
 When you returned from the kitchen with Mrs. Barclay 's tea , you found the door locked , and you heard voices raised .
 Now , what exactly did you hear ?
 They were arguing , sir .
 Mrs. Barclay called the Colonel a coward .
 She said you have ruined my life all these years .
 Mrs. Barclay shouted the name " David , "
 she said it twice .
 David ? Could you swear to that ?
 I was perfectly clear , sir .
 But the Colonel 's name was James .
 Have you ever heard Mrs. Barclay refer to anyone called David ?
 No , sir , I don 't think she or the Colonel knew anyone by the name of David .
 And Major Murphy 's christian name is Patrick .
 Had they had any visitors recently by the name of David ?
 I don 't think so , sir .
 The club that was found by Colonel Barclay 's body , had you seen it before ?
 No , sir .
 The Colonel had several trophies from India , but nothing like that club .
 Are you sure of that , Miss Stewart ?
 Yes , sir .
 I don 't know where it came from .
 Thank you , that is all .
 Oh , no , there is just one last thing ,
 Major Murphy once left his cigar case here , did you manage to find it ?
 Yes , sir .
 The Colonel was lying down here , sir .
 With his head by the fender ?
 Yes , sir .
 You can see the mark of the blood still .
 But the most frightening thing of all , sir , was his face .
 His face ?
 When I rolled him over .
 I almost fainted away to look upon it .
 It was all contorted , screwed up , with the most horrible look of fear and terror .
 As if he 'd foreseen his own death ?
 Quite possible , sir .
 Thank you , Bates .
 What apparition , what monster was it that could have frightened the Colonel so .
 Not Nancy Barclay , for sure .
 This door was locked shut , sir , and what 's more , the key was missing .
 Missing ?
 Yes , in the end we had to send for a locksmith to open it .
 You have made a thorough search for the key ? 
 We searched high and low .
 Mrs. Barclay hadn 't got it , and it wasn 't in the Colonel 's pocket , sir .
 Thank you , Mrs. Fenning .
 Watson , if the key was not in the door , and neither Mrs. Barclay nor the Colonel had it , then -
 Then there must have been a third person . 
 Exactly , who either entered or left through those windows .
 These are Bates ' footprints .
 But these , are the footprints of someone else .
 Someone has recently crossed this lawn , the marks are just visible .
 He entered and left through those windows , Watson , we 're on the right search .
 Watson , look at this .
 What is it ? Our entrant had a somewhat unusual companion .
 It 's a dog , isn 't it , somebody 's dog ?
 Whoever heard of a dog running up a curtain .
 What about a cat then ?
 These claw marks are not those of a cat , nor of a monkey , nor of any creature that we are familiar with .
 I would think from hind foot to forefoot at least 15 inches .
 Add to that the length of neck and head , you have a creature no less than two feet , more if there 's a tail .
 The length of its stride is odd , it indicates a creature with a long back and short legs .
 Something like a stoat or a weasel ? 
 We also know that it is carnivorous .
 How can you tell that ?
 Well you see what made it run up the curtain .
 The canary .
 Exactly .
 Then what was this beast ?
 No , I can 't , I cannot betray a friend , please don 't ask me to .
 Miss Morrison , when Mrs. Barclay left her house to come here two nights ago , she was happy and content .
 When she returned two hours later , she was a changed woman . 
 Now the police suspect her of murder .
 You owe it to your friend to clear her name .
 You must tell me what happened last night that so changed her .
 Very well , I shall break my promise of silence if what I can say can really help her .
 So there was something .
 It was most bizarre .
 I should explain that we come across all sorts of conditions of men here .
 Yet , the other night , I saw the most extraordinary creature I have ever seen .
 Not only had he a crooked back , but he was lame and walked with his knees bent .
 His face was darkly tanned , crinkled and puckered like a withered apple .
 I thought to myself that truly there are some of us on this earth who are burdened with more than their fair share of misfortune .
 This vision was made more unusual by the oriental garb the man was wearing .
 I pointed this person out to Nancy as someone especially deserving of help .
 Nancy had indeed been in good spirits that evening , and I saw her go towards the man and ask him if he needed assistance .
 It was now that a change came over Nancy .
 She had begun a conversation with the man when suddenly all the color drained from her face .
 She looked as though she had seen a ghost .
 The man , too , seemed to be strangely affected by the sight of her , and I saw him gesticulating wildly .
 Well , Nancy and the man went to a quiet corner of the hall and they talked together for a few moments or so before I heard an angry shout from the man and saw him storm out , waving his fists in the air .
 Nancy , what is it , are you all right ?
 Who was that poor creature ?
 It 's an old acquaintance of mine fallen on hard times .
 Promise me , Annie , you won 't say anything about this to anyone , promise me .
 Of course , I promise , if you so wish .
 And the identity of this man ?
 I thought you might ask me that .
 Well , after this terrible happening , Nancy left .
 I naturally made a few inquiries among some of the regulars ; 
 such an unusual looking creature has of course attracted attention .
 It appears he is an old soldier recently back from India , and no one knows anything else about his background except that he makes a living by entertaining the troops , conjuring tricks , that kind of thing .
 And did you tell the police about him ?
 Of course not , a promise is a promise .
 Yes , of course .
 Thank you , Miss Morrison .
 That is our intruder 's four- footed companion .
 It 's a mongoose .
 I think we 've found our man .
 Mr. Henry Wood , I believe , late of India .
 May I have a word ?
 What about ?
 A little matter of Colonel James Barclay 's death .
 She 's innocent , you can take my word for it .
 Then you are guilty .
 No , I am not guilty .
 Then who struck the Colonel down ?
 It was a just Providence that killed him , his own guilty conscience .
 I think you 'd better explain .
 My God , if I had smashed his head in , as it was in my heart to do , he would have got only what he deserved from me .
 No , I never laid a hand on him ,
 I was spared the trouble .
 I 'll tell you my story .
 There is no cause for me to be ashamed of it .
 You see me now with my back like a camel , my ribs all awry ,
  but there was a time when Corporal Henry Wood was the smartest man in the Royal Mallows .
 You were in the same regiment as Colonel Barclay ?
 Oh , yes , but he was Sergeant Jim Barclay then .
 We were in the same company , and we had something else in common , we were both in love with the same woman , Nancy Devoy .
 Who was the daughter of the Regimental Sergeant Major .
 There were two men who loved her , but only one whom she loved .
 She - you 'll laugh when you look at this poor thing huddled in front of the fire and hear me say that it was for my good looks that Nancy loved me .
 I was the one she loved all along .
 But although I had her heart , her father didn 't approve of me .
 I was a harum- scarum , reckless sort of lad , but I was always honest and plain dealing as well .
 Oh , Nancy 's father wanted her to marry Barclay .
 He was careful to keep out of trouble , always did the right thing , not like me who took Nancy to places her father didn 't like .
 Besides , Barclay had had an education , he was already marked for the sword- belt .
 RSM Devoy naturally thought Barclay the better match for his daughter .
 But she remained true to me , and we would have married had it not been for the Mutiny .
 Why did Nancy Devoy not marry the man she loved ?
 It was monsoon time in 1857 , when the Sepoys rose up against the British .
 The regiment was shut up in Bhurtee .
 There were 10, 000 rebels round us , pinning us down like terriers round a rat cage .
 We 'd run short of food and ammunition , we had to communicate with General Neill 's column that was moving up- country .
 It was our only chance to get help .
 Our company commander had asked for a volunteer , a fit , strong soldier to slip out of the garrison at dead of night and make contact with the relief column out on the plain beyond .
 Like a fool , I volunteered .
 It was a dangerous mission all right , there were a 1, 000 lives in peril .
 But I was thinking of only one of them ...
 Nancy Devoy , the woman I loved , and the finest girl that ever had the breath of life between her lips .
 Saying goodbye to her was the hardest thing .
 As we exchanged mementos , I never thought that
 I was saying goodbye to her for 30 years .
 It was my rival for Nancy 's hand who saw me off on my journey through the enemy lines that night , Sergeant Barclay .
 He said he knew the lie of the land around the garrison better than any other .
 While I volunteered to make the journey ,
 Jim Barclay volunteered to advise me on the best route to take .
 So , just after then , while my comrades gave me covering fire ,
 I set off .
 Barclay had told me to follow a stream which would lead to a gully .
 This , he said , was the safest way downhill .
 His directions were perfect and soon I was wading through icy water that only the day before had been snow in the Himalayas .
 I could see the lights and fires in the rebels ' camp but I kept well down , out of sight of their sentry posts .
 I came to the gully and thought I was safe .
 Then it happened , I was attacked .
 Something hard cracked down on my head and everything spun around .
 When I came to , I was trussed up like a chicken and hanging from a tree .
 My arms felt as though they were being wrenched out of their sockets .
 I didn 't mind the pain , but I was sick at heart for having failed in my mission .
 What would be the fate of those I had been trying to save ?
 But the biggest blow came as I listened to what I could understand of a rebels ' talk . I heard enough to realize that I had been betrayed .
 The very man who had shown me the way to take had betrayed me to the enemy . Barclay had got rid of me to make sure he could have my girl .
 Now , you know what James Barclay was capable of .
 Well , it turned out that General Neill 's column was already on its way to relieve Bhurtee .
 The rebels retreated , they dragged me away with them . I was tortured .
 I tried to escape , I was tortured again .
 It was to be many a long year before I saw another white face .
 My captors fled north , further into the hills , and used me as a sort of slave .
 I was treated worse than a dog and they damn near broke every bone in my body .
 Sometimes I 'd wish they 'd just killed me , but my thoughts of hatred and loathing for the man who destroyed my life kept me going .
 I dreamed of revenge on Barclay .
 One day some Afghan tribesmen murdered the rebels that held me prisoner .
 They left me for dead , too . But by a miracle , I still lived .
 So , I had my revenge on my torturers , but Barclay was beyond my grasp .
 And what of Nancy , I had no means of knowing whether she was alive or dead .
 I wandered back to the Punjab , and lived among the natives , picking up a living by the conjuring tricks
 I 'd learned from the street magicians .
 What use was it for me , a wretched cripple , to get passage back by ship to England and make myself known to my old comrades in the regiment ?
 Even my desire to have my revenge on Jim Barclay didn 't make me go .
 No , I - I 'll tell you straight ,
 I preferred my Nancy and my old pals in the Royal Mallows to go on believing that Harry Wood died a hero 's death with a straight back , than see him crawling about the world more like a chimpanzee than a human being .
 But you did return , and to Aldershot where your old regiment was stationed ,
 why ? I just wanted to see the old country once more before I died .
 I saved what I could and eventually I got a ship .
 I didn 't know the regiment was stationed here in Aldershot ,
 I just wanted to be where there were soldiers .
 I could earn my keep going around the canteens doing my tricks to entertain them .
 I no longer wanted to kill Barclay , the fires of revenge had burned low over the years ... until I saw her .
 I thought I 'd better get some English tongs ,
 I looked comical enough without wearing these foreign clothes the whole time .
 At first , I was more interested in finding a thick overcoat than looking at the charity ladies who were doling them out .
 Then one of them came over ,
 I recognized her at once ,
 she 'd hardly changed , still beautiful .
 What 's more amazing is she - 
 she seemed to know me .
 Good evening , can I help you ?
 Have you been able to find anything that -
 I 'm sorry , I thought I ...
 Nancy , it is me , Harry .
 Don 't be afraid .
 I thought you had been dead these 30 years .
 I have been ...
 I thought I would never see you again .
 We spoke for a moment or two together .
 I told her some of my story .
 I should have spared telling her that her husband was a traitor but it all came pouring out of me , 30 years of hate .
 She was so effected by what I said ,
 I couldn 't stand it .
 I went outside , then I saw her come out of the mission and I followed her home .
 I saw her go into the house , a light came on .
 I saw her sitting in a chair .
 And then he came into the room .
 James , I have to talk to you .
 Why are you locking that door .
 Don 't be back late , I said , don 't be back late , didn 't I ?
 You 've been with someone .
 No 
- You have been with someone .
 No -
 Who is it ? 
... you 've ruined my life .
 All these years , all these years .
 Oh , how could you do such a thing -
 - it was evil .
 Mrs. Barclay , your tea .
 I hate you , I hate you , I hate you , I hate you .
 No -
 To see him lay a hand on her made me mad with anger .
 My feelings overcame me -
 David -Your tea , madam .
 David , you betrayed him . 
 It 's not true .
 But he 's alive ,I tell you , I 've seen him . 
You 're lying ,
 you 're mad .
 He looked as I have never seen a man look .
 I read death on his face as plain as anything .
 The bare sight of me was like a bullet through his guilty heart .
 Mrs. Barclay , Mrs. Barclay , open the door .
 He smashed onto the fender .
 He was dead before he fell .
 Mrs. Barclay , Mrs. Barclay , open the door .
 I took the key to the door from Nancy 's hand , intending to open it and get help .
 I thought I 'd better get away or things might look black against me .
 In haste , I thrust the key into my pocket whilst I was chasing Teddy , who 'd escaped from his box and run up a curtain .
 Teddy .
 So , the Colonel died before he struck his head on the fender ?
 An apoplectic fit , brought on by shock .
 Mr. Wood , provided the coroner reaches the same conclusion , Mrs. Barclay -
 Nancy . - will be free .
 I trust you would have no objection to repeating your story to the police , should the need arise ?
 Mr. Holmes , how is Nancy ?
 She 's in hospital .
 I understand in time she should make a complete recovery .
 Thank God .
 Hello , Ann , how lovely to see you .
 Are you better ?
 Yes , I 'm much better .
 Holmes , there 's just one thing I don 't understand .
 If the Colonel 's name was James , and Wood was called either Henry or Harry , then who the deuce was David ?
 My dear Watson , that name David should have told me the whole story had I been the ideal reasoner , which you are so fond of depicting .
 But alas , my powers of deduction failed .
 You see , David , in this case , was evidently used as a term of reproach .
 Reproach ?
 Don 't you remember how King David sent Uriah the Hittite into the forefront of the battle to die so that he might steal his woman , Bathsheba ?
 I think you will find the story in the first or second book of Samuel .
 My old testament is a little rusty .
 You 're quite right , Holmes ,
 Il Samuel , 11 : 14- 17 .
 You appear to have looked it up yourself since we returned home from Aldershot .
 How did you know ?
 You used this bill for our meal at Waterloo as a bookmarker , did you not ?
 Excellent , Watson .
 Elementary , my dear Holmes .
 Goodnight , old fellow .
 I 'm gonna have to ask you to switch that off for now .
 Okay , thanks .
 You know what it 's kinda like ?
 It 's kinda like a rollercoaster .
 You know what I mean ?
 Try it , try it with me .
 How tall is the Eye ?
 How tall is Big Ben ?
 Since then , I 've been working as a technology correspondent for about two years now . 
 It 's been great .
 Cool , that 's awesome .
 So you do , like , TV reports and , like , you 're like ...
 No , just the website .
 I mean , there 's some video stuff , but tech industry pieces mainly .
 Cool , tech .Tech 's awesome . 
 Tech 's ... So where have you been so far ?
 Travelling around the map like Indiana Jones ?
 - Where the adventure line goes zigzagging all over the place .
 Yeah , actually , I 'm almost done . Uh ...
 But I started off , flew into Sydney , went to Thailand .
 - Oh , jealous .
 - India . Yeah . 
 Did Rome , went to Rome .
 - Did the whole Europe vacation . - Even I haven 't done that .
 - Oh , really ?
 - Mm . It was awesome .
 I went to Pamplona in Spain .
 - Is that where they do the bull runs ?
 - Ran with the bulls . 
 - You ran with the bulls ? 
 - I ran with the bulls .
 - That 's how I got this .
 - Look at that ! 
 You really are Indiana Jones .
 Have you got your whip in your bag and your hat ?
 I saved the world from the Nazis .
 That was pretty cool .
 I , you know , just ... trying to do , you know , shit I 've never done before .
 Is that what you 're doing on this trip ? You 're , like , finding yourself ?
 - Yeah , um ... in a way .
 - I mean , I ...
 Really to get away from the family home is what I 'm doing .
 Oh . Yeah , that was ... Whatever , that 's boring .
 Yeah , well , I 'm afraid Britain 's pretty tame as far as daredevil opportunities go . Yeah ?
 It 's alright , it 's the last leg of the trip anyway so ...
 I 'm ... unfortunately home next week .
 - Not much time ...
 - Next week ? 
 - Yeah . That 's not very long .
 I could use some suggestions on fun shit to do .
 - Hmm . Fun shit to do ?
 - Fun shit to do .
 Jesus !
 Hello .
 - Good morning .
 Oh . Another battle scar .
 Kind of .
 Let me guess , you were , like , totally shark fishing in Cape Town , dude .
 Is that your best American accent ? - Yes . - That 's pretty good .
 No , um ... It was courtesy of Josh Peters , high school dick .
 He and I got into a fight in shop class . 
 And he hit me with this , like , metal rod thing .
 What an arsehole .
 What an arsehole .
 - That 's terrible . 
 - I 'm sorry . Is that you or me ?
 Oh , it 's gotta be you .
 " Mom . " You 're so American .
 Yes , I am .
 Are you not gonna get that ? 
Okay , that was a little impersonal .
 What , you wanna talk to her now ?
 - You wanna talk to my mum ?
 I 'll call back . - Fair point .
 I don 't think so .
 You hungry ?
 Wow , look at all these games .
 You 're , like , a gamer . Cool .
 Of course I am .For my job .
 What , a girl never beat you at Street Fighter ? Is this ...
 Like , this is , like , your dating manual ?
 What ? The Singularity ?
 It 's when computers learn to outsmart man like women did years ago . 
 Wow ! See , what I was doing , it was like a joke .
 - You know ?
 - Really ?
 - Yeah .
 - Well , that 's what you call a joke ? 
 Yeah , you guys have those .
 - You guys have those here , right ? 
- Yeah , yeah . We do at the moment .
 That was a good joke .
 Enjoy your Marmite .
 Whoa !
 Do you guys seriously eat this shit ?
 Okay , alright .
 Alright , saved by mum .
 The best way to actually just stop her from calling is ...
 I don 't know , answer it . 
 Yeah , it 's kind of like a can of worms I just don 't wanna open right now , so ...
 She 's worried .
 You 're her son .
 You 've been travelling , and I just think if you speak to her , then ...
 Yeah , well , I still live at home with her back in Syracuse .
 - That 's cool . That 's fine . 
 I was taking care of my dad .
 Oh , shit .
 Is he ... ? 
 - No , he died .
 - Oh , my God .
 - Last year . No , it 's okay .
 It was coming for a while .
 It was early onset Alzheimer 's .
 Oh , that must have been really ... uh ... tough .
 Yeah , he was my best friend . 
 Sometimes he 'd just look at me and wouldn 't even know who I was .
 Well , my mum , like , I don 't even ...
 I don 't know how to talk to her .
 You know , I don 't have that connection .
 I don 't even know where to start .
 So that 's why I left . 
 That 's why I went on this trip .
 Just to get away and make , you know , all the memories that I can ... while I can .
 And I know I gotta talk to her and I gotta just ...
 But not on this . You know , I just ... I 'll deal with it .
 I 'll deal with it when I get back , you know . I 'll just ...
 You 're a good guy , Cooper .
 Call your mum .
 Zero , zero , one , nine , three , nine , two , nine .
 No , I did not buy a pair of sandals in Koh Samui last night because I 'm in ...
 And how long does that take ?
 Because I need to buy a ticket back to America .
 Oh , my God .
 Can I just say , this is the most blatant cover story for a second hook- up ever ?
 Yes !
 Oh , my God . Thank you , thank you , thank you .
 Alright .
 Don 't forget your bag .
 The bag , yep , my bag . Alright .
 You are a top bird . I don 't know what that means , but I heard somebody say it once , and you 're it .
 I got a plan .
 It 's odd jobs . 
- For who ? 
- For , like , it 's an app .
 You can kind of ... like , I 've used it all over when funds were low , so ...
 - Oh , there 's some interesting ones . - Pretty cool .
 - " Thrillseekers wanted . "
 - This looks right up your street . - Okay .
 Okay , four pound signs . That 's a biggie . That 's good .
 It 's a little out of town .
 And some kind of play test deal for a company called Saitoo ...
 - SaitoGemu ? - SaitoGemu .
 They 're huge .
 - They 're really big . - Really ?
 - Horror games ?
 Have you heard of ...
 Oh , what 's one of theirs ?
 - Harlech Shadow .
 - Yes , I have .
 I used to play that in my buddy David Ludwig 's basement when we were , like , seventh grade .
 Well , that 's Shou Saito .
 It 's his company .
 - He 's like this genius , super secretive .
 - Okay . And apparently , they 're working on this new project .
 Big money involved . Groundbreaking .
 But nobody knows anything about it .
 Well , maybe if I play my cards right I can get you an exclusive with Shou .
 Hmm ? Fo Shou ? Yeah ?
 You should take a photo .
 Seriously , if you get a photo of anything that they 're working on , that 's a fuckload more money than four pound signs .
 Cool .
 Well , where is this place ?
 Mr. Copper .
 Just Cooper .
 Mr. Cooper , I apologize . 
 Just Cooper is fine .
 Then , in that case , I 'm just Katie .
 - Hi .
 - Hi . - Follow me . - Oh , yeah .
 - I 'll just get my pack here .
 - Rav will take care of that .
 Oh , Rav will take care of that .
 Okay , great . That 's good .
 I don 't wanna carry it anyway . 
 Rav kind of reminds me of like an end- of- level boss .
 You know , haiukon .
 - How was your journey ?
 - Great .Thanks .
 - The car pick you up okay ? 
 - Yeah . Wow .
 This way .
 Are they ... seeing ?
 It 's cool .
 Come on .
 Feel like I 'm gonna go meet Dumbledore .
 Hope I get Gryffindor .
 I 'm gonna need your phone and anything else you might use to send and receive .
 - A little paranoid , don 't you think ?
 - Can 't be too careful .
 Okay , there you go .
 Wow , you really are paranoid .
 It 's white .
 Okay , so I 'm guessing this says , like , I agree to have my kidneys harvested ?
 Actually , it 's a pretty standard NDA- disclaimer thing .
 It 's important that you realize there is a small medical procedure involved .
 Sorry , for a game ? 
 Nothing permanent and we don 't harvest your kidneys ,
 - I promise .
 It 's no more invasive than having your ears pierced .
 " Confidential information , brain downloads the game , duration , termination ... "
 The signature page ... 
- Where do I sign ? 
 - Signature . Yeah .
 - There 's a page missing .
 - Okay . - Just a moment .
 I 'll just wait ... here .
 What the fuck ?
 - All good ?
 - All good .
 What we 're working on is an interactive augmented reality system .
 - Like VR ?
 - More like layers on top of reality ..
 - What 's that ?
 - We call this a mushroom .
 - Like Mario Brothers ?
 - If you like .
 - You 're qualified to do this , right ? 
- I haven 't killed anyone yet .
 May I ?
 Yeah .
 All done .
 - That was it ?
 - See , I told you I 'm good .
 - No , don 't worry , it 's not permanent .
 Okay .
 What is this , like , some kind of memory test or something like that ?
 - You 'll find out .
 - Oh , okay . You might feel a slight twinge as it initializes .
 Oh , okay .
 Commencing at 5 : 38 .
 - You ready ?
 - Yes , sir !
 Nearly there .
 I thought I turned that off .
 - All done .
 You feel okay ?
 - Uh- huh .Feel great .
 - Watch the targets . - Okay .
 What do you see ?
 Like a ... um ...
 Like a video game gopher .
 - Is it more detailed now ?
 - Yeah . Yep , yeah .
 - And now ?
 - Holy fuck ! Holy shit ! He ...
 Fuck .He 's right ... He 's right ... He 's right ...
 Can I ... Whoo ! 
 He 's not real .
 He 's a sort of mental projection .
 - You can see him .
 I can 't .
 - You can 't ?
 Wow !
 Oh , okay .
 Give him a whack .
 Give him a whack ? Oh .
 Alright , so just like whack- a- mole .
 - I 've played it a million times .
 Okay . Alright .
 Here we go .
 Come on up .
 Where you coming up ?
 Alright . 
 Stay down .
 Oh !
 Very good game . You are so adorable .
 Okay , bye . Bye .
 - Is that it ?
 - Afraid so .
 Oh . Now , were the gophers two- dimensional or three ? 
 No , no , no .3D , super 3D . Like ... Yeah .
 - Now this is just a limited test demo .
 - That was a demo ?
 I think you should beta test the full experience we 're working on . 
 There 'd be more money in it , of course . If you 're game ? 
 Yeah , yeah , yeah . Uh- huh , I 'm game . I 'm game .
 - This is Shou Saito .
 - You must be our latest volunteer .
 - Hi .
 This is really great . Hi . Hi .
 I just ...I wanted to say that the mole game , super fun . 
 - Fun ?
  - Fun is good .
 - Playing games is good .
 Your heart goes faster .
 - You smile . - Yeah .
 Or , um ... scream .
 I have always liked to make the player jump .
 Frightened .
 You get scared , you jump . 
- Afterwards , you feel good . - Yeah .
 You glow . Why ?
 Because of the adrenaline rush .
 - Yes . - Yeah .
 But mostly because you are still alive .
 You have faced your greatest fears in a safe environment .
 It is a release of fear . It liberates you . 
 Yeah . I mean , totally .
 What we are working on now is the most personal survival horror game in history .
 Cool . One that works out how to scare you by using your own mind .
 That ... That sounds crazy .
 Can 't wait !
 I 'm uploading a neural net package .
 Neural net packing , neural net .
 Hmm . Name could use a little work , I think . It 's all 90s .
 I 'm just kidding , it 's a good name .
 It 's state of the art intelligence software .
 It learns and adapts on the fly .
 It 'll monitor your brain activity and try and work out how best to frighten you and then adjust to your experience accordingly .
 - Whoa ! - Are you ready ? - Oh , yeah .
 - Beam me up . Here we go , lock and load . 
 - Eyes closed .
 - Time is currently 6 : 17 p . m .
 It 's uploading .
 Five , four , three , two , one .
 How are you feeling ?
 I feel good .
 I feel normal .
 Stand up , slowly .
 Are you ready to play ?
 Isn 't this the Harlech Shadow house ?
 It 's part of the estate .
 The gamekeeper 's lodge , actually . But , yeah , this was the model .
 The layout was replicated for the game and the texture scanned .
 Wow ! Very , very cool .
 So what 's the game , what do I do ?
 You don 't have to do anything .
 You just stay in here alone , see how long you last until you 're too scared to continue . 
 So all I have to do is , like , stay here ? And I get paid for that ?
 I 'll be back in the control room , watching .
 There are cameras all over , so no stealing the silverware .
 And now there 's this . 
 - And what 's this ?
 - It 's an earpiece .
 Yeah , just pop it in , and you and I will be in contact the whole time .
 And I can , like , talk to you , and you 'll hear it ? 
 Great , that 's great .
 Now , nothing you 'll see can physically harm you .
 It 's all just audio- visual , like the gopher game .
 Oh , okay .
 But if it does get too intense , we can pull you out at any time
 - and stop the experiment .
 - Okay . Is there a safe word you can think of ?
 Something easy to remember in distress ?
 How about the word " stop " ?
 - Good choice .
 " Stop " it is .
 - Yeah . Okay , we 'll leave you to enjoy your evening .
 - Alright .
 - You 'll hear from me in a moment .
 Just make yourself at home . 
 Well , take her easy .
 Harlech Shadow .
 Is this real ?
 Yeah , it 's real .
 - Cooper .
 - Oh , hey .
 - Are you hearing me ?
 - Loud and clear .
 Reaching for the Dutch courage already , I see .
 - I 'm afraid that wine 's non- alcoholic .
 - Lame . 
- Well , we need you with a clear head . 
 Fair point .
 This is high- quality craftsmanship . This is nice .
 It 's good woodwork . 
 - That 's this place .
 - Full marks for observation .
 Alright , there we go .
 - Oh , shit .
 - What 's up ?
 I just forgot I don 't have my phone .
 I keep going for it , I forget it 's not in my pocket .
 And there 's , uh ... no TV here , so ...
 Welcome to the 19th century . No TV , no Internet , no wi- fi .
 No wonder people were seeing shit . 
 Probably were just bored out of their gourds .
 Well , that 's the leading theory about ghost sightings . 
 The mind plays tricks when less stimulated .
 Fewer distractions , people saw more ghosts .
 Isn 't that a nice piece of info ?
 Well , they got literature , though .
 That 's pretty sweet , right ?
 Oh , my God , I can 't remember the actual last time that I read a book .
 To think people used to do this on purpose .
 I know . Crazy . Why ?
 - You know , I don 't think I 've ...
 - Shh , alright ? I need to get into some old- school shit here .
 Concentrate . Pardon me .
 Can I point out your heart rate just increased ?
 Well , it should have cos there 's a huge crazy spider .
 You see a spider ? 
- You don 't ... you don 't see that ? 
- No .
 Don 't ...Don 't walk . Don 't ...
 Holy shit !
 Tough guy like you , scared of spiders .
 Yeah , I 'm just not fond of them .
 It 's worked out you 're an arachnophobe quickly .
 It 's probing for weak spots .
 God damn it . Fucker !
 Whole lot more realistic than the gopher game .
 It 's good . It 's good graphics . It 's good , uh ...
 Yeah .
 Weak sauce .
 - What is it ?
 - Just ...Nothing .Here with the figures .
 There 's a light on ... now , in the ...
 Can you ... zoom in and ...Zoom in on it ?
 And you can see what I 'm talking about . 
 Whoa ! - Cooper ...
 - And now there 's ...
 Shh !There 's a guy in the window .
 That wasn 't ... Yeah .
 And now he 's gone .
 Now nobody 's in the window .
 Which is the ...
 Yeah , there 's a ...
 Just leaky pipes .
 I knew it .
 It was leaky pipes , like ...
 Holy fuck !
 Fuck !
 Okay .
 That got me . You got me .
 What are you seeing ?
 Like a creepy fucking guy .
 Wow , just ... Oh , my God . Oh , my God !
 He kinda looks like Josh Peters .
 You 're Josh Peters !
 - Sorry ?
 You 're Josh Peters from high school !
 From a guy I know at high school .
 The system could be mining some of your personal memories for texture .
 Was Josh Peters someone you were scared of ?
 He was a bully . I wasn 't scared .
 I wasn 't scared of him , but he was a bully and ... 
 Man ! Take a couple of Krav Maga classes and I 'd be ready .
 I 'd be ready !
 Kali ma !
 I 'm gonna get some wine .
 Re- up . I 'd offer you some , but I don 't think you can drink it so ... 
 Whoo- hoo- hoo ! Catch ya later , Peters .
 This non- alcoholic wine is pretty good .
 I 'm not like a expert or anything , but it 's kinda great .
 I was in France .
 I stayed at this , like , vineyard , and they had this wine , like , grape- stomping festival .
 Now that , that wine was good . I know that . 
 You 're being discursive .
 - What is discursive ? Discursive ?
 - Talkative .
 - Rambling .
 Is that a problem ?
 People sometimes talk more when they 're afraid .
 Helps compensate for the fear .
 - Masks it , too . - Oh , yeah ?
 Similar to when you 've got the TV on late at night .
 The voices make you feel less alone .
 Even though you are alone .
 You aren 't scaring me , Katie .
 Pity . 
 Is there like a refrigerator here ?
 There 's some snacks in the cupboard .
 Alrighty . Eenie meenie , miney ...
 Mo ! Alright . Okay , ginger snaps .
 Let 's see .
 Yeah , yeah , yeah .
 This 'll do .
 He 's gonna be right behind this door when I close it , isn 't he ?
 Yeah , that 's how this works .
 Knew it .
 Jump scares get pretty old
 Fuck ! Oh , God .
 - What the hell is that ?
 - What do you see ?
 Holy shit !
 A fucking ... Uh ...
 Hard to explain .
 It 's like a huge- ass spider with a face and dicks coming out of his mouth .
 It 's ... Peters . Peters is inside .
 Like a Peters- spider mash- up .
 Ah , Katie ! Are you doing this , or is this fucking me ?
 - I think that 's all you . 
- I 'm so fucked up !
 God ! Fuck !
 Holy shit , you 're fucking gross .
 Yeah ... Sorry , can you say again ?
 Katie , hello ?
 Damn it , Katie !
 Whenever you come back online , just say the word .
 No , I 'm not scared , just ... bored .
 That you guys ?
 Coming to fix the earpiece ?
 That 's probably a good idea .
 Fuck it , man !
 Come on !
 You 're in danger .
 Sonja ?
 Now we 're talking .
 Alright , this is incredible .
 This ... very impressive .
 I am thoroughly impressed . I am ...
 Wow ! Wow ! You look so real .
 You 're , like , just like her .
 I mean , wow .
 Except ... you 're just unfortunately not ... um ...
 - Cooper , what are you doing ? 
 - Cooper , you 're in danger .
 - Shh ! Quiet . Quiet ! I need to think .
 You 're fucking real .
 - Cooper , you 're in ...
 - You 're Sonja . You 're actually here .
 - Are you actually here right now ?
 - I 'm real . I 'm actually here . 
 - And we have to go .
 - You have to listen to me . 
 - How are you here ? 
 You know that photo that you sent me ?
 I dug around and apparently Shou Saito took out a patent for a computer brain interface last year .
 How are you real ? I don 't ...
 Okay , fuck . I don 't ...
 They brought you here !
 You are , you 're real , and they brought you here , and they 're trying to fuck with me .
 Nice try , good try . I get it .
 It 's part of the test .
 His patent got rejected outright .
 They said it was insane , it was dangerous .
 Really ? How much are they paying you ? Honestly .
 Cos you 're killing it right now .
 - Have they given you something ? 
 - Sorry , I thought you were fake .
 But now I know you 're real , I 'm being a really terrible host .
 I got some non- alcoholic wine .
 Might put us in the mood . 
- Cooper , what I want to do is ...
 - We 'll talk about it in the kitchen .
 - Cooper !
 - Sonja , relax , okay ?
 Give it up . I know , the jig 's up , okay ?
 Let it go . Look , Cooper , there 's more .
 Five people have disappeared in the past year .
 All tourists , all registered with that stupid odd jobs app .
 Oh , yeah ? Wow . God , that 's crazy .
 Whatever they 're doing to you , whatever they 've done to you , 
 it 's dangerous , and we really have to go now , Cooper .
 Okay , okay . Alright . 
- Well , if your story 's true ...
 - Cooper .
 - Then how 'd you find me ?
 - What ? How 'd you know where I am ?
 It 's a games company , I looked up the address .
 Yeah , really ?
 No How 'd you find me here ? This place .
 - I tracked you . - You tracked me ?
 Yeah , with your GPS on your phone .
 Find My Friends . 
 That would 've worked , but they took my phone .
 And it 's in a building , like , a mile away .
 So , yeah , nice try . That 's right .
 So much for women outsmarting men . Singularity that !
 Look , all I 'm saying is that
 I think that you could 've come up with a better story , it could have been funny or ...
 Okay , alright , don 't be pissed .
 Do you ever wonder how your bank account got hacked ?
 What are you doing ?
 - I cloned your card as you were asleep . 
- Whoa . Okay . Put the knife down .
 What are you going to do with that ? I drew your attention to this job .
 Sonja , put the fucking knife down , okay ?
 It 's not funny . 
 Should 've called your mum , Cooper .
 - But you called me , and I led you here ...
 - You know what ?
 - ... like a breadcrumb trail .
 Put the knife down .
 Drop the act .
 Okay , seriously , drop the knife , Sonja .
 It 's not fucking funny .
 Put the knife ... 
 This isn 't what I signed up for .
 I 'm fucking done , okay ?
 Fuck !
 What the fuck ?
 - Cooper , what 's happening ?
 What the fuck happened ?
 What 's happening ? 
 We 've been talking .
 You 've not been responding .
 - You said I wouldn 't feel anything !
 - What are you seeing ?
 What 's there ? 
- Fuck !She 's gone now .
 - Who 's gone ?
 Oh , my God , I- I felt it .
 There 's a knife in my arm !
 - In my shoulder . 
 - Cooper , who was there ?
 - Fuck ... Sonja .
 - Who ? 
 Sonja . She 's this girl that I know , that fucking ...
 She stabbed me .
 - She had a fucking knife .
 - Nothing can harm you , Cooper . 
- No , no , no , no . She was solid .
 - No , she can 't have been . She ...
 I was stabbed ! 
 I would know ! 
 Nothing you see can harm or even touch you .
 It 's purely audio- visual .
 - There 's no physical sensation . 
 - Fuck ! Yes , there was !
 - Cooper , you need to calm down .
 - I know because I felt it , okay ?
 I felt her arm , it was warm , and I felt her fucking stab me in the shoulder .
 - That 's not possible . - Oh , my God .
 - It 's not possible , Cooper .
 - Yeah , it is ! Yeah , it is ! 
 Physical sensations shouldn 't be possible .
 - Unless , I mean ... - Oh , God .
 Unless what ? I don 't know .
 The neuron net , it could have maybe worked out some means of replicating physical experiences ,
 - but that would be unprecedented .
 - Jesus Christ . Okay , you know what ? Stop the game .
 I want out . Just pull me out now .
 Stop , stop , stop . Safe word .
 Fucking stop !
 - Okay , okay , just let us work it out . 
 - Oh , God .
 No , I want this fucking thing out now . 
 Cooper , do not attempt to remove that yourself .
 Removing it yourself is extremely dangerous .
 Stop that , that could kill you !
 Just stay calm ! 
 Is that Shou ?
 Is that Shou ?
 What 's he saying ? 
 We 're gonna commence with deactivation .
 Oh , that 's great news .
 We need you to follow instructions and make it to the access point .
 The access point ?
 Great .
 Where the fuck 's the access point ?
 - Oh , fuck ! More stairs ?
 Come on !
 - Just one more level .
 - Trust me .
 Left at the top . 
- Okay , which door ?
 - Room at the end .
 What is it ?
 There 's gonna be something behind there . I can feel it .
 - Something like ...
 - Like what ? Some personal fucked- up shit .
 Like ... I don 't know , I could feel it digging around in my head .
 Cooper , get to the door . 
 It 's gonna be like my mum , I don 't know , dead .
 - Your mum ?
 - Fucking swinging from a fucking beam .
 - Your mother is not in there .
 - You 're not in control of this !
 It 's in my head . It fucking knows .
 It knows . 
 - It knows what ?
 It knows I got this thing with my mum .
 Cooper , I promise you , she 's not in there .
 - Now open the door . - Oh , my God .
 It 's the only way I can get you out .
 Listen to me . Okay , Okay .
 Fuck . Okay .
 Whatever 's in there cannot harm you .
 But I can 't get you out unless you open that door , Cooper . Okay .
 Would you kindly open the door ? 
 Here we go . Here we go .
 Okay , okay , I 'm in the room .
 Where 's the access point ? 
 Access point ?
 - There is no access point .
 - What ?
 I 'm fucking with you , Cooper .
 I told you to come up here to see if we 've broken you enough to obey instructions without question .
 - And we have .
 - Oh , no , no , no . Katie , come on .
 Katie , come on , let me out ! Katie , let me out , come on ! What the fuck ! 
 Oh , what are you gonna do ?
 Oh , what are you doing to me ? 
 - Why are you doing this ?
 - You thought you 'd see your mother . 
- Oh , fuck !
 - What does she look like ?
 Your mother , can you describe her face ?
 Her hair colour ? She ...
 Is she tall , short , fat , thin ?
 - Where did you grow up ? 
- She ... What 's your favourite band ?
 Your favourite flavour ice cream ?
 The name of the girl who stabbed you ?
 You don 't know any of these things , do you ?
 Don 't you think that 's odd ?
 It 's fucking taking my memories ! 
 Overwriting them , technically .
 Fuck . Look in the mirror behind you .
 Do you recognize yourself ?
 Do you even know who you 're looking at ?
 Soon you won 't be anything .
 You 'll be just like your dad .
 Shut up . 
- That 's what really scares you , isn 't it ?
 - You 're going the same place he did .
 Shut up ! Shut up ! Shut up !
 - You 're going nowhere .
 - Shut up ! Shut up .
 You should have called mum .
 She 's all that 's left .
 - You abandoned her . 
 Get out of my head !
 You 'll never see her again .
 You 're going nowhere . Straight into oblivion .
 You deserve it . You should have called her . Get out of my fucking head !
 Cooper , I 'm gonna shut it off , okay ?
 I just need to connect .
 Where am I ?
 Who are you ?
 I can 't stop it .
 I don 't know who I am .
 So I need to go home . 
 The interface has data tendrils like roots . 
 They 've dug in deeper than they 're meant to .
 Threaded through your brain , taken over whole areas , I can 't stop it .
 I can 't remove it , and I can 't stop it . 
 But I don 't know who I am .
 I don 't know ... I don 't know who I am .
 I don 't know who I am .
 On behalf of Saito Game Team , I most humbly apologize .
 Who are you ?
 What have you done to me ?
 - What have you done to me ? 
- Put him with the others , please . 
 That was one second .
 Either he 's super susceptible to this or the software is way too powerful still .
 It 's jumped from zero to 18K in five milliseconds ... 
 The experience was more powerful than intended , Mr. Cooper .
 I hope you can forgive us .
 ... all luggage under the seat in front of you .
 All electronic devices should now be turned off and stowed as they may interfere with the aircraft 's navigational and communication ....
 Mum ?
 I have to call him .
 Why did Cooper go ?
 - I ...
 - Mom , I 'm right here . I 'm ...
 - I 'm right here , Mum .
 - I have to call Cooper .
 I have to call and make sure that he 's safe .
 I have to call him . 
  - Are you excited about our honeymoon ?
 - Yeah , I am .
 Get it out of your system while we 're alone .
 - We came to say goodbye . 
 - Have a great honeymoon .
 - Thanks .
 - I 'll go pack . 
 I already packed .
 But I couldn 't find your Speedo .
 Speedo ? I don 't have a Speedo .
 I 'm gonna go pack my regular , long bathing suit .
 Good , you 're still here ! 
 Have a good honeymoon .
 Oh , thank you !
 And I wanted you guys to know I am telling the father today .
 What ? What ? What ?
 - We know it 's Ross . 
 - How ? How do you know ?
 It was his sweater . 
 But , oh , my God !
 I wanted Ross to know first . 
 But I 'm relieved !
 - I 'm gonna be your baby 's aunt ! 
 - I know .
 - Me too !
 - I 'm gonna be an uncle !
 Come here . 
 - You 'll all be aunts and uncles .
 - But I 'm the only one related by blood .
 Now that you all know , you can give me advice on how to tell Ross .
 What 'll you say ?
 That I 'm having it .
 And he can be as involved as he wants . 
 That sounds good .
 Yeah , but how do I start ?
 What 's the first thing that I say ?
 - Okay , great . Thanks .
 - Hey , good luck . Yeah , bye .
 What was that about ?
 No harm in telling you now .
 Rachel and Ross are having a baby . 
 What ? I didn 't even know !
 Why didn 't you tell me ?
 Why am I talking like this ?
 I didn 't think you could keep it a secret .
 I 'm an excellent secret- keeper .
 I 've kept all our secrets .
 - What secrets ?
 - No , no , Joey .
 I 'm not gonna tell you because I am an excellent secret- keeper .
 - You 'll tell me later ?
 - You already know . The One Where Rachel Tells Ross
 It 's so romantic to send people off on their honeymoon .
 You know , they 're married .
 Ross and Rachel are having a baby .
 - Maybe you and I should do something .
 - All in good time , my love . 
 I left my guitar in their apartment .
 You can let me in , right ? 
 They took my key to give to you .
 - What ?
 They took mine to give to you .
 - Why would they take our keys ?
 - Maybe they don 't trust us .
 - They let me keep my key last time .
 When you broke the ketchup bottle and cleaned it with Monica 's towels ?
 - I washed those .
 - No , you didn 't . Yeah , that didn 't sound like me .
 - I really need my guitar . 
 - I have stuff in there too .
 - What stuff ? 
 - Monica 's chicken parm .I 'll fix it .
 Mr. Treeger ?
 I need to get into Monica 's apartment .
 It 's an emergency ! 
 Gas leak .
 Oh , and bring garlic bread .
 - Did Rachel find you ? 
 - No , why ?
 - She was looking for you .
 - I guess I 'll catch up with her later .
 - She really wanted to talk to you now . 
 - Yeah , it seemed pretty important .
 - Oh , no . - What ?
 I think I might know what this is about .
 Really ?
 Yeah . We promised we weren 't gonna tell anybody this ... ... but a month ago , Rachel and I slept together .
 And ?
- Wow , I thought you 'd be more shocked .
 - Oh , sorry .And ? !
 Well , we said we 'd just do it that one time ... ... but now I think she may wanna start things up again .
 Yeah , I don 't think that 's what it is .
 - Why ?
 What else could it be ?
 - Oh , wow , I don 't feel well .
 I 'm telling you , that 's what it is .
 No wonder she was looking at me funny at the wedding .
 She didn 't say anything to you ?
 Maybe it 's something you ate .
 - Please , just go and talk to Rachel .
 - Yeah , I guess I should .
 You know what I have to realize ?
 I 'm not the type of guy women can have just one night with .
 They always seem to want a little bit more .
 I should remember that .
 Next .
 - They 're kissing , let 's go around .
 - They 're in love . I 'm in love too . But in an orderly fashion .
 - Next .
 - Hi . Can you do that and walk ?
 Sorry , we didn 't hear you .
 We 're on our honeymoon .
 Let me see what I can do .
 There are some first class seats .
 They bumped them up to first class !
 Let 's act like we 're on our honeymoon .
 We are on our honeymoon .
 - Grab my ass . 
- Next .
 Sorry , I almost didn 't hear you .
 I 'm so in love with my new husband .
 - We 're on our honeymoon .
 - Congratulations .
 Mr. Bing , you 'll be in 25J , and Mrs. Bing , you 're in 25K .
 We 're on our honeymoon , so can you bump us up to first class ?
 I 'm sorry , that couple got the last two seats .
 If we 'd gone around them like I said , she 'd have given us those tickets !
 25J and K , any chance those aren 't together ?
 They took my key . You trust me with yours .
 Of course , and I 'll give it back ... 
... when they 're done at the key shining place .
 What the hell is that ?
 - What are you doing ?
 - You said there was a gas leak .
 - Why don 't you use your key ?
 - I won 't find it before it explodes .
 If that happens at another building I manage , people will ask questions .
 We could have done that .
 They 're going into the first class lounge .
 - You know what 's in there ? - No .
 Me neither . We have to get in !
 - Just act like you belong .
 - Oh , my God ! Oranges !
 - Nice to see you again .
 - May I see your tickets , please ?
 Yes , of course .
 I can 't see the seat number .
 That 's all right . I have it memorized . It 's 1A .
 - This isn 't first class , sorry .
 - Apology accepted .
 Sir , I 'm afraid I 'm going to have to ask you to leave . 
 Fine . Go , go , go !
 I think there 's something that we really need to talk about .
 I think we do . Why don 't we go inside ?
 - Look , I know why you 're here .
 - You do ?
 Yeah , and to save you from any embarrassment , I should talk first .
 Ross and Rachel .
 Rachel and Ross .
 It 's been one heck of a seesaw , hasn 't it ?
 What ?
 I mean , look , that one night we had was fun and certainly passionate .
 But don 't you think it 's better if we just stay friends ?
 Seriously , what ?
 You know what ?
 If you want to , we can do it one more time .
 I 'd be okay with that .
 In fact , I have some time right now .
 - You know what ? Can I talk now ?
 - Oh , sure .
 I 'm pregnant .
 Ross ?
 Ross ?
 Okay , whenever you 're ready .
 And you 're the father , by the way .
 - Can I get you some water ?
 - I 'm good , I 'm good .
 Ross , there is no pressure on you .
 You can be as involved as you want .
 Yeah , I ...
 I 'm just , I don 't know .
 I don 't understand ... ... how this happened .
 - We used a condom .
 - I know .
 But you know , condoms only work , like , 97 % of the time . What ?
 What ?
 What ? ! Well , they should put that on the box !
 - They do .
 - No , they don 't !
 Well , they should put it in huge block letters !
 - Let 's just forget about the condoms . 
 - Well , I may as well have !
 - I was really freaked out too when ...
 - Freaked out ? I 'm not freaked out .
 I 'm indignant as a consumer !
- You know what ?
 Let 's talk later .
 - No , I wanna talk now .
 In fact , I wanna talk to the president of the condom company .
 Okay , maybe I should come back ...
 Yeah , I 'll press one !
 - I looked everywhere . No gas leak .
 - So now I can heat this up ?
 I 'll get moving on that door . Great .
 Could you not tell Chandler and Monica about this ?
 They don 't have any kids of their own ... ... and this door was like a child to them .
 I have to put in a new lock .
 They 'll find out anyway .
 This looks like an all- day job .
 I 'll have to cancel my yoga class .
 Could you tell Jasmine I can 't make it to yoga ?
 - Sure .
 - What happened to the door ?
 - So it 's noticeable ? 
 - Is Rachel here ?
 - Didn 't you two already talk ?
 Yeah , but ...
 You guys know Rachel and I slept together , but there 's something else .
 Rachel 's pregnant . 
 - Holy mother of God !
 - I can 't believe it !
 - With my child .
 - That is brand- new information !
 - You already know , don 't you ?
 - A little bit .
 - How you doing ?
 - Okay . I mean , I 'll be okay .
 I didn 't handle it well .
 - What 'd you say ?
 - Nothing . But the complaint department at the condom company got an earful .
 Then when I turned around , she was gone .
 But in my defense , I found out that condoms are only 97 % effective .
 - What ? - I gotta go find her .
 Hold on !
 Are you serious ?
 So , like , 3 % of the time they don 't even work ?
 They should put that on the box !
 - Evidently , they do . 
 - What ? !
 - I can 't believe we 're here .
 - You 've gotta be kidding .
 As a wedding gift , we 're giving you the Honeymoon Suite .
 No ! You have been screwing us all day !
 - Who are you ? - We 're you .
 Just 10 seconds later ! 
 You got first class , the lounge .
 We need free stuff !
 You 're not the only ones on your honeymoon !
 You can have the suite .
 We don 't care where we stay .
 We 're here to celebrate our love .
 We just want to be together .
 We need the stuff .
 Hey , it 's Joey .
 We smell gas from your apartment .
 - Are you serious ?
 Joey smells gas .
 - What else is new ?
 - We 'd check it , but you took our keys .
 - Do something .Get in ! 
 I could break down your door .
 - Yeah , do that .
 - You won 't blame us for any damage ?
 - No . 
- Are you doing it ?
 I can 't hear .
 - Okay , I 'll break it down .
 He 's doing it , he 's breaking down the door .
 Okay , we 're in .
 - Rachel , are you comfortable ?
 - If I said I was , would you judge me ?
 The doctor 'll be here in a minute to do your sonogram .
 Oh , man , I swear , if they sold these at Pottery Barn ...
 We need to talk .
 Right now ?
 I kind of got an alfresco situation going on over here .
 I want to apologize for the way I acted earlier .
 - Can you stay up near my head ?
 - Yeah , sorry . I went crazy .
 I was thinking about me , and I should 've thought of you ... - Head , Ross ! Head !
 - Right .I want you to know that I 'll be there through this whole thing .
 Doctor 's appointments , Lamaze classes , baby- proofing the apartment .
 - We can do that after we get married .
 - Married ?
 We should get married .
 Because that 's your answer to everything ?
 No , it 's the right thing to do .
 Yeah , maybe , if you 're in love .
 But we are not in love , are we ?
 No , but still , I mean , you can 't possibly do this alone .
 Excuse me ?
 Come on , you can 't even eat alone in a restaurant .
 - What ?
 - How can you have a baby by yourself ?
 - I can too eat by myself ! 
- When have you ever ?
 When certain people leave the table and I am not finished !
 Certain others take two hours to eat soup !
 Please , you inhale your food .
 I grew up with Monica .
 If you didn 't eat fast , you didn 't eat ! 
 Am I interrupting ?
 No , Dr. Long , come in . 
 This is Ross , the father .
 But not the husband , because she can do this alone .
 Nice to meet you .
 I 'll get started on this .
 - Why can 't you admit you need me ?
 - I need you to stay near my head ! 
 Okay . Everything looks good .
 Here it is on the screen . 
 There 's your uterus ... ...
 and right here is your baby .
 Oh , my God .
 Wow ! There it is , I see it .
 Congratulations .
 I 'll give you two a minute . 
 Thank you .
 Pretty amazing , huh ?
 I don 't see it !
 - What ?
 What ? 
- I can 't see it .
 - You just said you did . 
- I know , I lied .
 I didn 't want her to think I was a terrible mother .
 Come here .
 Sure you can .
 Come here .
 Look , it 's right there .
 Oh , it 's beautiful .
 I see it now . 
- Do you really ?
 - No , I don 't see it !
 Come on . All right .
 You see this tiny thing that looks like a peanut ?
 Sweetie , that 's it .
 That 's it ?
 Well , I saw that .
 - Thank you .
 - You 're welcome .
 Wow , I can 't believe that 's our baby .
 Yeah , that 's our baby .
 - So how was the doctor ? 
 - It went great . 
 - Good .
 - Show them the picture of your uterus .
 I don 't see the baby .
 I couldn 't see it either at first .
 But it 's right ...
 Ross , I lost it again .
 I saw the man in your freezer .
 You can never tell anyone .
 You bet me in a game of poker ?
 Get out . 
 There will be no kissing , and there will be no wedding .
 You ever wear your hair down ?
 Sometimes .
 Looks really good .
 Thanks .
 Are you embarrassed to be dating me ?
 If Gaby finds out , she 's gonna hit the ceiling .
 Oh , my God . You 're still in love with her .
 In a few months , I will be Mrs. Victor Lang .
 I don 't know my own strength ...
 Thank you .
 - So have you told Bree about your engagement ?
 - Yep .
 She 's on the top of a swiss alp and still managed to send a basket of muffins .
 - You 're kidding .
 - No .
 Damn things traveled 5, 000 miles , and they were still moist .
 I don 't know how she does it .
 Hey , it 's getting late .
 Let 's break out the champagne .
 Wait , wait .
 You 're not gonna embarrass me with some sappy toast , are you ?
 I 'm not , but Susan 's written a poem .
 A poem ?
 She 's reworked the lyrics to .
 Testing .
 One , two , three , testing .
 What are you waiting for ?
 Get the champagne .
 Okay .
 Thank you .
 Hey , Gaby .
 Hi , Edie !
 So I finally met Victor .
 He is so charming .
 Isn 't he great ?
 I know it 's been quick , but he 's just so amazing .
 So you really love him ?
 He is , and I 've never been happier .
 I am so thrilled for you .
 Edie , are you okay ?
 Oh , yes . Yes , I 'm -- I 'm fine .
 Oh , sweetie .
 Don 't worry . You 're gonna find someone soon .
 I just know it . What ?
 Well , actually , I have found someone .
 And I am ... crazy about him .
 Well , who is it ? 
 Oh , no . No , no .
 Tonight is about you .
 Oh , no , no , Edie .
 Come on .
 It would make me happy to know who 's making you happy .
 - Really ?
 - Yeah !
 I wanna know who 's putting that dopey grin on your face .
 Well , actually , it 'S ... Carlos .
 Who ?
 Carlos .
 I 've been seeing Carlos .
 And this is how Gabrielle Solis came to be injured the night of her engagement party .
 And though she seemed to laugh it off ,
 Gabrielle had been cut much , much deeper than anyone could see .
 Greg is definitely off the wagon . Last week ...
 That mailman was in sarah 's house over an hour .
 Packages weren 't all he 's delivering .
 I could smell the whiskey on Amy 's breath . 
 It wasn 't even noon yet . 
 Joanne may say that she was off on a religious retreat , but since when does praying make your boobs bigger ?
 What kind of woman would keep her husband 's body in the freezer ?
 For ten years ? It 's crazy .
 Has anybody talked to her ?
 I 've knocked twice .
 She 's not answering .
 Oh , I saw the curtain move .
 I think I saw a hand .
 Oh , great . Now we know she 's watching us .
 Why should we be embarrassed ?
 We 're not the ones who kept a corpsicle in the basement .
 Oh , that 's right .
 She babysat your kids .
 Oh , please , I don 't want to think of how many times she brought them ice cream from that basement .
 I mean , jeez , if you want to keep your husband on ice , at least have a dedicated freezer .
 Do you think she actually killed him ?
 Uh , yeah .
 Why else would she have hid the body ?
 Well , so far , she 's only been charged with improper disposal of a corpse .
 But once they defrost the body and do an autopsy , I guarantee you they 're gonna find a bellyful of arsenic .
 What 's arsenic ?
 It 's just -- it 's something yucky , honey .
 Go play with your balls . Go on .
 We 're trying so hard to protect them from this .
 There are just some things that kids don 't need to know about .
 Hell , there 's some things we don 't need to know about .
 Would you guys excuse me ?
 Hey , Edie !
 Oh , hi , Gaby !
 What 's up ?
 I 've been doing some thinking , and you know how ... how do I put this ?
 You know how you feel like sometimes people hate you ?
 I don 't feel like that .
 We , you should , 'cause they do . Since when ? Since you started doing things to piss people off .
 About what ? Oh , I don 't know .
 Off the top of my head ... dating your friends ' exes .
 Oh .
 Oh , so that big smile on your face the other night was all an act .
 You 're not fine with me seeing Carlos .
 Edie , there are a thousand single men in Fairview . Why do you have to date my ex- husband ? You 're engaged to somebody else !
 What do you care ? It 's awkward !
 It 's -- it 's like if I donated a dress to charity , and I went to a party , and you showed up wearing it .
 Again , if you gave it away in the first place , then what the hell are you bitching about ?
 Look , Edie , just find your own men and stop snapping up other people 's castoffs !
 And what if I don 't ?
 Then be prepared to suffer the consequences .
 Oh , please .
 You are as tall as my legs .
 What are you gonna do ?
 You 're about to find out .
 Who is it this time ?
 Um ... it 's Ian .
 You gonna talk to him ? No .
 Uh , he 's got flowers . I don 't care .
 Looks like it 's two dozen roses .
 Oh , good . I hope the thorns rip him to shreds .
 Okay , Mom , I know what Mike and Ian did was wrong , but --
 They bet me in a game of poker .
 They made decisions about my life over a hand of 5- card stud .
 " Wrong " does not even begin to cover it .
 Okay , okay , but there are only two guys in this world who know all of your flaws and have still found a way to love you .
 You 're just gonna toss 'em both away ? 
 Yes . 
 I don 't need a man .
 I don 't even need sex .
 I went without it the first 16 years ...
 22 years of my life , and I can go a few more .
 This should be interesting . 
 What ?
 Mike just walked up .
 Give it up .
 She didn 't answer the first ten times .
 She 's not gonna answer it now .
 Oh , this is getting sad .
 Take it like a brit -- stiff upper lip . 
 You know what ?
 I 've just about bloody had it with you .
 I preferred you when you were comatose and pooping in a bag !
 Well , lucky for you , I don 't have that bag right now .
 All right , that does it .
 Uh , excuse me ?
 Guys ? Hi . Um , my mom would really like for both of you to leave .
 Don 't soft- pedal it .
 Let 'em know I mean business .
 Uh , 'cause if you -- if you don 't , she 'll be very , very disappointed . 
 Rip 'em !
 So just , um ... go home and think about what you 've done .
 If you want something bitchier , do it yourself !
 Here we are -- ravioli stuffed with duck confit in a porcini cream sauce .
 What do you think ?
 I think it 's a shame you didn 't make any for yourself .
 Hi , honey .
 Hey , I just wanted to say I love you .
 Aren 't you sweet ?
 What 's that noise in the background ?
 Are the boys still up ? 
 Yeah , they don 't want to go to bed .
 Well , of course they don 'T . 
 They 're kids . You 're the dad .
 Make 'em . 
 Well , I tried , honey , but they wanna wait up for you .
 They ... they miss their mom .
 Ah , is this your way of guilting me into coming back home ?
 Lynette , the -- the restaurant did close a half- hour ago .
 Preston , don 't throw pudding ! 
 Oh , Tom ... I 'm sorry .
 I can 't come home .
 We 're , um ... doing inventory , so ... it could be a while .
 Well , okay .
 - Try to hurry ? - I will . 
 I love you . Bye .
 Inventory ?
 I know . I 'm a horrible person .
 I just chose ravioli over motherhood .
 I should -- I should go home . 
 Lynette , you got nothing to feel guilty about .
 You bust your ass in this restaurant every day to keep it going , and if anybody deserves a little downtime , it 's you .
 Those are shameless rationalizations .
 Keep them coming .
 Those , too .
 There you are .
 What are you doing outside ?
 Some big kids threw eggs at Mrs. McCluskey 's house .
 Oh , jeez .
 They shouldn 't have done that .
 We should go talk to her .
 No .
 It 's late .
 Uh , she probably doesn 't want us to bother her .
 Come on , bud .
 Bedtime .
 So here 's what 's gonna happen -- we 're not talking to Edie anymore .
 What do you mean , " we " ?
 I mean , " we " as in she betrayed me , and you 're my best friends , so you 're gonna support me because that 's what friends do .
 And " support you " means ... acting like we 're in junior high ?
 I can 't believe you 're not furious at this .
 Before she sank her fangs into Carlos , she was dating your ex- husband and Mike .
 Yes , and do you know who I blame ?
 I blame Karl and Mike .
 Why isn 't anybody mad at them ?
 I mean , let 's face it . 
 The men -- they get away with murder .
 They 're scum !
 Okay . Back to Edie ...
 I 'm not sure I 'm comfort her .
 Really ?
 Because I wasn 't very comfortable taking your side when you were feuding with Patty Monroe over the backyard fence line , but I did .
 Oh , Gaby , that 's not fair .
 Nobody really liked Patty to begin with .
 Don 't even get me started about what I 've done for you , okay ?
 I 'm still boycotting Madame Kim 's day spa because of your botched bikini wax .
 Oh , my God .
 How do you botch a bikini wax ? 
 She will show you later !
 The point is , good friends share more than just gossip and brunch . 
 They share enemies , too .
 So are you with me or not ?
 Of course we 're with you .
 We will give Edie the cold shoulder .
 No , no !
 Not cold , frozen !
 I want icicles hanging from that bitch 's ears !
 Hello ?
 Hi .
 Hey , do you still want me to look at that book report ?
 Daddy helped me yesterday .
 You weren 't home .
 Oh . Okay . 
 Daddy does everything lately .
 How come you always come home so late ?
 Well , I 'm really busy at the restaurant .
 Believe me , I come home to daddy just as soon as I can .
 You 're lying .
 What ?
 You always laugh like that when you 're telling a lie .
 why would you say that ?
 Because ... it 's true .
 I stay late because there 's a lot of work to do , and right now I 'm the only person who can do it , and now I have to go to the grocery store because I am the only person who can do that , mm- hmm .
 So why don 't you go upstairs and finish your homework ?
 Okay .
 But it is what you do .
 Excuse me !
 Uh , hey ! Excuse me . 
 That 's my space !
 Yeah , well , I 'm parked in it , so that kind of makes it my space .
 Hey , uh , I waited for that spot while the guy made three phone calls and flossed his teeth .
 You can 't just steal it .
 It 's a parking space ! 
 Keep a lid on your hormones , honey .
 God !
 You did that on purpose !
 Yeah , and I 'm about to do this on purpose , too .
 Crazy bitch !
 What do you think you 're doing ? !
 What are you doing ?
 What are you doing ? ! 
 I 'm taking my damn space !
 Get out of my car .
 Get out of my car .
 Hey , hey .
 Say you 're sorry .
 Let me go ! 
 Say it !
 Okay , okay . I 'm sorry .
 Say , " I 'm a rude , arrogant bastard who needs to treat women with courtesy and respect ! "
 I 'm a rude , arrogant ... how does the rest of it go ?
 Freeze !
 Was this man trying to steal your car ? 
 It 's my car !
 She -- she tripped me and grabbed my keys .
 Is this true , Ma 'am ?
 Oh , all right , take his side !
 Hey , who you spying on ?
 Lynette . She hasn 't returned my last two phone calls .
 I think something 's up .
 She 's probably just busy .
 Yeah , we 'll see about that .
 I am calling her right ... now .
 Oh , my God !
 What ?
 She just screened me !
 I have been screened !
 Maybe she 's in a hurry .
 No , no , no .
 This has Gabrielle Solis written all over it .
 She is turning people against me . 
 And you 're surprised ?
 I told you how she 'd react if she found out about us .
 Yeah ?
 Well , if she wants to play these schoolgirl games , fine .
 ' Cause I invented 'em .
 Lynette !
 Hi ! Hey , hey !
 I just tried calling you .
 Oh , really ? My ringer must 've been off .
 Oh , no prob .
 I wanted to invite you and the boys to Travers ' birthday party on saturday .
 Yeah , I 'm having this reptile guy , and he 's got all these cool snakes and lizards .
 The boys would love that , but unfortunately , I gotta work .
 Oh ! Well , that 's a shame , because I was hoping you could cater .
 Cater ?
 Yeah , I 'm gonna need pastas and salads for the parents and at least 20 pizzas for the kids .
 Wow , that many ?
 Yeah , and ... well , you know kids .
 If one has a pizza party , they 're all gonna want a pizza party .
 Hmm , could be good for business .
 Well , yeah , I guess I could work somethin ' out .
 Oh , I knew I could count on you ! Mm !
 Love ya !
 Look , whatever that court report says ,
 I do not have " anger issues . "
 I was just having a bad day . 
 You threatened to decapitate a man over a parking space .
 A very bad day .
 Susan , when someone loses it like you did , there 's usually a reason .
 Are things going okay at work ?
 Work is great .
 You could just sign that paper and tell the judge I 'm fine .
 What about your family ?
 Family 's terrific .
 Seriously , you 're just wasting your time here .
 How 's your love life ?
 Cancel my lunch .
 I 'm gonna be here for a while .
 Will you stop ringing that damn ...
 I 'm sorry , Parker .
 I thought you were one of those little pissants who keep ringing the bell and running away .
 So what 's on your mind ?
 I want you to come back and babysit us .
 The new sitter stinks .
 Your folks hired a new sitter ?
 Yeah , and she thinks carrot sticks are snacks .
 Well , that 's rough , but ... life 's like that sometimes .
 It doesn 't have to be .
 If you just told people what happened with your husband , everything could go back to the way it was .
 Parker , you see those women over there ?
 Nothing I could say would stop those tongues from wagging .
 I 'm sorry , kid , but ...
 I just have to wait this one out .
 Can you imagine ? !
 I mean , finding out that two men you trusted bet you in a poker game .
 I mean , how demeaning is that ? ! 
 Well , it depends on how you look at it .
 Men have been waging contests over women for centuries .
 I grant you , poker isn 't as romantic as , say , jousting , but it shows how they felt about you .
 the real question is how did you feel about them ?
 I told you -- hurt and betrayed .
 No , how did you feel about them before this poker business ?
 Well ... I was engaged to Ian , so ... obviously I loved him .
 And Mike ?
 Were you in love with him , too ?
 - How are we doing on time ?
 - Susan . Okay , fine , I loved him .
 I still love him , and I love Ian .
 So I am totally , hopelessly in love with two men .
 Now we 're getting somewhere .
 This is good .
 No , this is horrible !
 This wasn 't supposed to happen !
 I only let myself fall for Ian 'cause I thought Mike was lost to me .
 And then bang ! Suddenly he wants me back , and now I have this choice that I can 't possibly make .
 I agree . It 's tough 
 It 's devastating !
 If I go with Mike , Ian 's heart will be broken , and Ian does not deserve that .
 But how can I reject Mike after all he 's been through ?
 So you 're just gonna walk away from both of them ? 
 You have to make a choice , sweetie .
 You 've got two great guys , both of them crazy about you .
 To let one go -- well , that 's life . It happens .
 To let them both go ... that 's just ...
 Stupid ?
 Yes . That would be the clinical term .
 Sounds great . Thanks .
 Hey , how would you like to eat something that 's neither pasta nor pizza ?
 Such food exists ?
 Don 't tease me .
 No , my -- my friend Al , he 's opening a soul food place ...
 And Sunday night , he wants to test the menu with some of his chef buddies .
 He said I could bring someone . 
 And -- and -- and you want me to go with you ?
 It 'll be after we close .
 And don 't tell me that you hate southern food , 'cause then we can 't be friends .
 No , I love it .
 It 's ... it 's just that 's a little late for me , and ...
 Oh , oh , oh . Okay . 
 I- I just thought it 'd be fun .
 No , it would be , but Sunday nights are kind of crazy .
 I 'm packing lunches and checking homework ...
 Right , right .
 No worries .
 I get it .
 You 're just , uh , first person I thought of .
 You know , maybe I should go .
 Um ... it 's part of the job to check out the competition , right ?
 Yeah , absolutely .
 It never hurts to see what else is out there .
 I agree .
 Hey , guys , go check out the snakes .
 I 'll give you some pizza later , okay ?
 - See you later . - All right , I 'll see you later . 
- Hey , you want some pizza ? - Yeah .
 There you go . Lynette !
 What are you doing here ?
 Edie asked me to cater .
 I know , I 'm a total whore , but please don 't rat me out to Gaby .
 Hi , Susan !
 I have 30 copies of your book .
 The kids can 't wait for you to sign it .
 Come on , let 's go ! Come on , come on !
 Looks like we 're working the same corner .
 Yeah , only I didn 't know Edie was gonna have the party in a park .
 What if Gaby see us ?
 Trust me , we can both relax .
 I talked to her this morning , and she 's out with Victor all day .
 Oh . Well , that 's a relief .
 Go ahead .
 I dare ya .
 Hey ! what 's going on ?
 " Witch "
 - Hey , don 't do that ! - Why not ?
 - Because she 's not a witch . - How do you know ?
 ' Cause she isn 'T . Don 't be a jerk .
 What is she , your girlfriend ? Parker 's in love !
 Shut up !
 Hey , you boys ! Knock it off !
 Parker , I 'm so sorry .
 Are you all right ?
 You know , everything would be okay if you 'd tell people what you told me .
 You can make 'em stop .
 Hey , Lynette , it 's Gaby .
 Victor got pulled into some photo op at the homeless shelter . 
 So I 'm free for lunch .
 You wanna go with ?
 I tried Susan but she 's not home , which is weird because her car 's in the driveway and ... so is yours .
 Where is everybody ?
 Down ! Down ! Down !
 Aah !
 Lynette , what is wrong with you ? !
 Gaby 's coming .
 What ? ! I thought you said she was with Victor . I was wrong .
 I was wrong . Come on . Follow me .Follow me .
 Mommy , can I play ? No !
 Go ride the python !
 Come on . 
 " Rent A Reptile "
 Okay , okay , she 's circling the park .
 Ugh . I wish she 'd hurry . I 'm terrified of snakes .
 Oh , yeah , I 'm more terrified of Gaby .
 Okay , good , good .
 We 're almost home free ...
 What ?
 Don 't turn around .
 Lynette !
 Susan ! 
 Hey , Gab .
 - Hi . What are you two doing here ?
 Uh , what are we doing here ?
 Well , Edie hired me to cater , so it 's just business .
 I don 't know what her excuse is .
 You are so dead . I don 't believe it .
 This is an absolute betrayal of our friendship .
 Gaby , she asked me to make 20 pizzas . I couldn 't turn it down .
 Oh , this is so delicious .
 Is that what our friendship is worth to you -- 20 pizzas ?
 - We had a pact ! 
 - Oh , come on , Gaby , be fair .
 You put us in a really awkward position .
 - Me ? ! You two owe me an apology .
 - No , Gaby , be reasonable .
 I am leaving this party right now , and if you two don 't come with me ,
 - our friendship is over .
 - Gaby !
 Oh , come on ! - What ? ! - Oh !
 No , I mean it .
 Carlos , stop !
 Put me down ! What are you doing ? !
 Stop it !
 Carlos , put me down !
 How dare you maul me like that ! 
 You were ruining Travers ' birthday party .
 What the hell is wrong with you ? !
 I 'm sorry . Betrayal makes me a little cranky .
 Come on , Gaby , you can 't tell Susan and Lynette who they 're allowed to be friends with .
 I 'll tell you what 's ridiculous : you not having the guts to tell me you were dating Edie .
 It 's ridiculous .
 Oh , here it is .
 Yeah .I had to find out from her at my damn engagement party .
 Well , I had to hear that you were engaged to that Victor guy on the news .
 I didn 't plan it that way .
 It was spur of the moment .
 Oh , so you just said , hey , what the heck ?
 - You even in love with this guy ? 
 - Yes , deeply .
 Must be nice .
 Well , aren 't you in love with Edie ?
 We 're having fun together , but it 'll never be serious .
 So ... if I 'm just dating , and you 're in love and getting married ...
 remind me again why it is that you get to be the angry one .
 I 'm sorry , Carlos . You should be 
 Hey ! Hey .
 Feel free to take home as much cake as you want .
 I do not want to be tempted .
 I might take a little for Tom and ...
 Hi , Mrs. McCluskey .
 Would you like some cake ? 
 I didn 't come for sweets .
 I know you people have been talking about me , and I guess the only way to shut you up is to come clean .
 So ... who would like to hear the gruesome details ?
 - I would .
 - Um ... yeah . If -- if you feel like it .
  Well ... first off -- and I know this will disappoint some of you -- but I didn 't kill Gilbert .
 I came home from a weekend in Laughlin and found him in front of the TV -- dead .
 He still had the remote in his hand . Good Lord .
 It was 2 : 00 a . m . , so I decided to wait until morning to call the funeral home .
 And I went to his desk to make sure everything was in order .
 I found his pension plan ... and guess what ?
 In the event of his death , I was not the beneficiary .
 - Who was ? - His first wife .
 They were married when he started the job -- for two years .
 We were together for 34 years , and that idiot didn 't change the paperwork .
 I not only lost my Gilbert , but I was about to lose everything .
 So I , um ...
 I , um ... you put him in the freezer and kept cashing the checks .
 Well , what else was I gonna do ?
 Besides , after a while , it was kind of nice having him around .
 Anyway ... that 's the truth .
 You ladies have my permission to pass it along ... not that some of you ladies need it .
 Probably weren 't expecting to see me , huh ?
 Well , after 20 unanswered calls ... no , not really .
 About that , uh , obviously , have been very confused .
 I finally saw a therapist .
 Actually , it was sort of a court- ordered thing . Anyway ...
 Well , I need to talk to you .
 You sound ... sure .
 I am .
 I 'm gonna marry Ian .
 Believe me , this wasn 't easy , especially when you started to remember how it was between us .
 Maybe if the timing had been different ... it wasn 't .
 I 'm sorry , Mike .
 Well , at least I have my memories .
 - You ready to go ?
 - Yeah .
 Um , I told Kim that we 'd be out the rest of the evening , and she 's gonna lock up .
 - Great .
 I 'll , uh , just get my jacket . 
 - Okay .
 Hey ! You got a table for seven ? 
 - Hey ! - Hi !
 What are you doing here ?
 Well , the kids wanted to surprise you , and it 's been forever since we 've all had dinner together , so ... what -- well , how did you get here ?
 I mean , you 're not supposed to ... drive .
 I took a cab , a double- dose of the painkillers , and voil .
 - You surprised ?
 - Yeah , a little .
 We missed you .
 Oh , I missed you , too . 
Hey , why don 't you guys go grab that big table , and I will have Rick whip something up for us ?
 Hi . Wow , you smell good .
 Oh . It must be the basil .
 It has a kind of sweet smell .
 Hey , Kayla , can you get a ... high chair for your sister , please ?
 - Yeah . - All right , who wants pizza ? Oh , hi .
 Uh , change of plans . 
 Yeah , I see .
 But ... I 'm sorry .
 You could still go .
 Oh , no . I 'll stay .
 I 'll cook for your family .
 Thanks . 
 Thanks , sweetie .
 You are taking such good care of me .
 When 's Lynette getting home ?
 Oh , as soon as she closes up the pizzeria . Mm .
 Is that guy Rick helping her ?
 He better be , for as much as we 're paying him .
 I think Lynette likes him .
 Sure .
 He 's a nice guy , hard worker .
 No , I mean , she likes him , likes him .
 What makes you say that ?
 Just something I noticed .
 Well , good night , Daddy .
 Mrs. Susan Hainsworth -- God , I love the sound of that .
 Or did you want to keep your name ?
 Because I love the sound of that , too .
 As long as I get to call you my wife .
 Deal .
 You do realize we 're gonna be blissfully happy , don 't you ?
 I mean , it could actually get a bit disgusting .
 People might throw fruit .
 Oh , I 'm gonna lock up down here .
 Why don 't you go upstairs and warm up the bed ?
 You do realize we 're gonna be great together , don 't you ?
 I know .
 Hey , Susan .  I don 't mean to bug you . 
 There 's just so much I didn 't get to say .
 Um , I ... God , I 'm lousy at good- byes .
 Anyway , you will always be the best thing that ever happened to me , and , well , I hope you find the happiness you deserve .
 Bye .
 Oh , this is Mike .
 Hey , Susan . 
 Um , I don 't mean to bug you .
 There 's just so much I didn 't get to say .
 Um , I ... God , I 'm lousy at good- byes .
 Anyway , you will always be the best thing that ever happened to me , and , well ,
 I hope you find the happiness you deserve .
 Bye .
 Oh , this is Mike .
 Where are you going ?
 Home ... to England .
 To England ?
 What 's wrong ?
 Well , it 's just , um ...
 I don 't think this is going to work . What ?
 But just ten minutes ago , we were making plans , and you were saying how great we were gonna be together .
 I , uh , saw you listening to that message from Mike .
 Well , Ian , I made my choice .
 But not for the right reasons .
 You 're just trying to honor a promise you made to me .
 That 's not true .
 I will get over him .
 You 've been trying to get over him for as long as I 've known you .
 Haven 't had much luck , have you ?
 Ian , I love you .
 I know you do .
 But you love him a little bit more , don 't you ?
 I can 't live a life where every time I see you with a faraway look ,
 I 'll wonder if you 're thinking of him .
 I 'm so sorry .
 You deserve to be happy .
 And so do I.
 Good- bye , Susan .
 Hey , Mrs. McCluskey .
 Lynette . Well , it turns out our new babysitter isn 't working out too well .
 Feel up to another tour of duty ?
 Are you sure you want the Wisteria witch looking after your kids ? 
 My kids know you 're not a witch .
 Too bad .
 I could use the leverage .
 We missed you .
 Same here .
 I 'm gonna need a raise , though .
 I 'm kinda strapped . Okay .
 I just talked to Mrs. McCluskey , and she is gonna start looking after our kids again .
 - That 's great ! - Yeah .
 ' Cause actually , I have been thinking , and ... it is time that I got back to work .
 - What ?
 - Yep . I 'm feeling good .
 I 'm gettin ' around better .
 But ... but the doctor said your recovery would take months , and it 's only been six weeks .
 Well , it 's not like I 'm gonna , you know , dead- lift a bag of ice , but I can sprinkle cheese on a pizza .
 Besides ... I hate making you run that place by yourself .
 - I don 't mind . - Really ?
 Because before , you said it was killing you .
 Yeah , well , you know , it is , but I just don 't want you to come back before you 're ready .
 You might reinjure yourself. 
 I 'll be careful . 
 The best part is we can finally get Rick off the books .
 Rick ? Why would we want to let him go ?
 Well , I know he 's been great , but , um , his salary is cutting into our profits .
 Actually , he is bringing in more than enough business to cover his salary .
 I mean , with all those new dishes he 's been cooking , he 's got a lot of fans out there .
 Does he really ? Yeah .
 I think firing him would be a huge mistake .
 Well , it 's just a thought .
 Well , don 't think so much . 
 Just rest and get better . 
 That 's what you need to do .
 You gonna be late tonight ?
 Probably .
 We got a big party coming in at 10 : 00 .
 So ... mm- hmm .
 I 'll just see you in the morning . 
 - I 'll be here .
 - Okay .
 Hi , Ida .
 What 's up ?
 That idiot postman mixed up our mail again . 
 Oh , poor Mr. Henley . He does seem to be getting worse .
 Thanks for stopping by . 
 Hey , have you heard about Mike ? 
 No .Uh , what about him ? 
 - He moved . 
 - Moved ?
 What do you mean ?
 Mona Clarke was up at 2 : 00 in the morning with acid reflux , and she saw him pack his car and everything .
 Well , that doesn 't make sense .
 Mike wouldn 't leave without saying good- bye . 
 Well , he did .
 According to Carlos , something bad happened , and Mike just wanted to get the heck out of dodge .
 It 's a pity .
 I always liked him .
 I 'd love to be Assistant Manager , but apparently , you have to flirt with Mrs. Scavo to get that job .
 He may be dating Edie , but everyone can see he 's still in love with Gaby .
 A- are you the lady who kept her husband in her freezer ?
 Yep , that 's me .
 Scary , aren 't I ?
 Welcome to the Williamsburg Diner , my name is Max 'cause the hospital wouldn 't le my mother name oops .
 I 've been out of town on summer , anything new ?
 Anything new ? Let 's see , well ...
 Facebook went public and **** pirvet .
 Kim ans Kanye had a baby , so now there 's another Kardashian to not keep up with .
 Paula Deen is out , gay marriage is in , and a teacher in California 's out for letting her students get it in .
 Justin Bieber got a hit- and- run , Chris Brown got a hit- and- run ,
 Rihanna got a hot and still didn 't run .
 Oprah gave Lindsay $2 million , cunnilingus gave Michael Douglas throat cancer , and Michael Douglas gave guys everywhere another excuse not to do that .
 Eygept went crazy , *** went crazeyer , and the NSA checks our phone like a creazy ex- girlfriend .
 Oh , and Texs hates women , *** hates blak ,
 And everybody hates everything with the exception of Angelina Jolie , who is totally awesome .
 I meant on the menu . Anything new on the menu ?
 I have no idea . Let me check .
 Hey , Caroline , anything new I should know about ?
 The royal baby smiled at the queen .
 I meant at the diner .
 I think we 're maybe washing the forks now ? Oh . Let me check .
 See , Max , one quick change , and we went from polyester and pitiful to powerful and proud .
 Just like superman .
 Except that superman changed in a phone booth , not a stall that says , " for a good time , call Max . "
 Well , if you hava problem with it , why did you write it ?
 ' Cause I didn 't have enough eyeliner to write , " for an interesting time , call Caroline . "
 Look . Look , Earl , we 're wearing our " Max 's homemade cupcakes " t- shirts again .
 See the logo ?
 Well , actually , I try never to look you ladies in the " chestal " area .
 It keeps things on the up and up .
 Oh , Earl , you are one in a million , literally ,
 ' cause 999, 999 men have only looked me in that area .
 Well , I got to go home .
 Oh , I missed so much growing up in Korea .
 What , like puberty ?
 Max , in my count I 'm avere height .
 And in my mind , I 'm still rich , anmy health care plan isn 't flintstones chewables .
 So who wants to go in the back and see how amazing our brand- new cupcake shop is ?
 Bring down the enthusiasm , rachael ray .
 Right , we 're not supposed to get all excited out this opening tonight .
 Last time , we made a big deal , and the shop didn 't do so well .
 That 's like saying the people near the nuclear explosion didn 't do so well .
 Ha !
 Girls , I am so proud of you two , getting back up on that horse .
 After my first jazz record didn 't sell ,
 I turned to a life of drinks , drugs , and loose women .
 Funny how sometimes things just work out right .
 But how can you be opening your cupcake window right now ?
 It 's 2 : 00 A. M. our hours are 2 : 00 to 4 : 00 .
 We 're targeting the " post bars " demographic .
 Drunk williamsburg guys .
 That 's my target when I 'm by myself and now my target at the new shop .
 Funny how sometimes things just work out right .
 We have no big expectations about the opening tonight .
 It 's a soft opening .
 What 's the difference between a soft one and a hard one ?
 You want me to show him ?
 Thanks , but we 're cool .
 Seriously , it won 't take me a minute .
 It 's fine , Oleg .
 Just so you know , I 'm already there .
 Get ready , this room 's had an amazing transformation .
 - Rachael ray ? - I mean , it 's fine , whatever .
 Han , before we go in , close your eyes .
 I want you to get the full effect .
 Yeah , and I want to trip you .
 - She 's kidding . - No , she 's not .
 Yeah , I 'm not .
 Han , I promise , I won 't let her trip you .
 Now , close your eyes .
 - What ?
 - Now , I thought she was going to hit me .
 - She was not . - Yeah , I was .
 Okay , no more blind eye bull crap .
 Just show me the damn smelly back room .
 Let me turn off the lights for a more dramatic impact .
 What ? I didn 't do anything .
 It was me .
 He now knows what hard is .
 I cannot believe my eyes .
 I felt the same way when I first saw you .
 Original tan , original tile , original too .
 What do you think , Oleg ?
 Nice .
 " Nice " ? All you got is " nice ? "
 This place was like Great Adventure for rats !
 They were waiting in line to bite us .
 Caroline , show them your bite marks .
 - I 'd rather Not . - Nice ?
 It used to smell like the place poop comes to die .
 Or death comes to poop .
 And look what we did !
 We created the grtest , coolest , chic- est cupcake shop , and I love it !
 But you know , no ehusiasm . Just aoft opening .
 And , han , this was all possible because you gave us the space rent- free .
 Rent- free ? Now , refre my memory .
 When exactly did I say " rent- free ? "
 On the 27th , 4 : 15 P. M. , you said ,
 " I don 't care about that dump , you can have it for free .
 Burn it to the grod , for all I care . "
 I knew learning English would come back to bite me in the ass .
 Soone 's already knocking ? That 's a really great sign , Max .
 Time to open .
 Look , girls , I 'm blowing this party horn for you .
 Thanks , soie , but we didt wanto make a big deal , it 's a soft opening .
 Oh , I love a soft opening .
 - Hello , Sophie . - Oh , hello , leg .
 Sorry , shie , about this uncomfortabl meeting .
 If ww had known you were going to suprise us ,
 - we weouldn 't have invited Oleg .
 - Yeah , I was there when you two broke up and I 'm still suffering from PTSD .
 " Post- traumatic Sophie drama . "
 There 's no drama .
 And the ard for the best drama goes to .
 Not us . Right , Oleg ?
 Yes , we 're friends now .
 See , girls , I cheated on her , so she smashed in my car windows .
 And my apartment wdows .
 And your streo and your flat screen .
 And my brother 's flat screen and his daughter 's computer .
 Ye , she surprised me . She wasn 't suppose to be home .
 We got it out of our sysms . Good night , friend .
 Good night , friend and , Oleg ?
 Wow .
 That is one lucky horn .
 Honey , ook . Look , some customers .
 Hey , cool guys !
 Come over here and eat something from the girls ' soft opening !
 That is so not the way I would 've gone , but I ' take it [ cockney accent ]
 Hello , hello .
 What have we got he ?
 Welcome to Max homemade cupcakes .
 In england wcall 'em " fairy cakes . "
 Fay cakes ? Mn it .
 Why are the hot ones always gay ?
 Oh , give us the whole lot .
 Oh , my God !
 A black american exprearss card ?
 I haven 't held a black one in my hands in years .
 I would 've guessed you hadn 't held a black one ever .
 Sorry , it 's our first nigh , cash only .
 Oh , wow . He is really out of it .
 - What is he on ? - Besides me later ?
 Do not know , but am jealous .
 Annow I 'really jeaus .
 Re he 'll be fine .
 Oh , I 'd say he 's more than fine .
 I 'd say he 's my next boyfriend .
 Rond , mate . Wake up .
 He 's not breathing .
 I can 't wake him , call 911 !
 Call 911 !
 Let 's all just calm down . I have seen this happen a lot .
 One summer I had a part- time job , I was a life guars at a crack hous . *** he 's dead .
 Called that wrong .
 Max , the guy who died in front of our shop last night was a rock star .
 He used to date Kate moss .
 No offense , but dating Kate moss is like a law in england .
 Everyone has to do it when they turn 21 .
 His name was Roland Glass , and he has two gold records .
 I can 't believe I 've never heard of him .
 I can .
 Your go- to jam ishe soundtrack from
 Yesterday a rock star , antoday he 's gone .
 You never know . From the fancy breakfast place on the corner .
 You ordered fromagna cum latte ?
 One , I wish I had a gun .
 And , two , someday I 'm gonna order breakfasto be delivered with one of their fancy- a croissants .
 Who knows , tonight I could too much heroin and e an unexpected ath .
 But at least then I 'd e doing something my motr loved .
 You 're right , Max . You ly live once .
 Yolo .
 And you only live till the next timyou say " yolo . "
 Oh , no . More bad news .
 According to my Google alert for Max 's homede cupcakes - you have a Google alert for our business ?
 I only have a Google alert for " Oprah goes topless . "
 I 'm not saying it 's gonna happen , but I 'm saying , if it does , I 'm gonna be the first oneo know .
 Look , it 's online that roland glass died in front of our shop .
 And now my phone just died . It 's an epidemic .
 Oleg , what are you still doing with the aow from our sh ?
 Ght you said that was hung . , I said I was hung .
 And I can 't put it up now wi that crowd of people in front of your window .
 There are people in front of our window ?
 Dude , is this where my manoland died ?
 Yeahright ov there then I 'm gonna put thihere nexto Paddington bear .
 I caught this at h last coert .
 And I also caught this .
 So , like , whatdude ? Just dropped to the ground ?
 Actually , he h right here first , smiled , then fell .
 He sled ? Dude .
 Max , c I see you over he ?
 Soy for your I and dope hat .
 Thanks . I found it in a dumper .
 Max , what are you ing ?
 N 't tell them he hit our cnter .
 We neeto distance ouelves om the entire event .
 This spes disaster for our new business .
 Dude , can I t three dozen cupcakes ?
 T spells succe .
 I have beaucoup friends cong here for the midnight vigi how mu a your cupcakes ? $7 .
 That 's a lot .
 Dude . Roland would 've wantedat way .
  Knock , knock , knocking on heaven 's door 
 And he hit right here before he fell .
 And as he fell , he looked up at me and smiled .
 Content . Peaceful .
 That 'll be $7 , cash only .
 Mira , can you break a 50 ?
 Max !
 Yeah , what do you need ?
 Change for a 50 .
 Got it . I mean , why , God , why ?
  knock , knock , knocking on heaven 's door 
 Ten , ten , ten , ten .  Heaven 's door 
 Max , we 're almost sold out in here .
 I need more cupcakes from the kitchen .
 Got it . I 'll come right in .
 Earl ?
 Yo !
 Same split as before . 30 on every dollar you sell .
 What a waste .
 You know how much money we could make if we sold pot ?
 Oh , you want in on that too ? Same split .
 Oh , man , that hippie patchouli smell is worse than the poop was .
 Han , shh . These people are in mourning . Show some respect .
 Me ? Me show some respect ?
 sell cupcakes at the diabetes wing at the children 's hospital ?
 How dare you doubt my sincerity ?
 I personally have shooed a homeless man away from peeing on that shrine twice .
 I don 't care what I may or may not have said on the 27th at 4 : 15 P. M.
 Your business is booming , and now I want rent .
 No way , han . That man could 've overdosed anywhere .
 But God made him overdose in front of our window as a gift .
 And , yes , we are accepting that gift because you only live once .
 Yolo .
 This isn 't " yolo " it 's " hodo " he only died once .
 I 'm surprised you aren 't selling " hodo " t- shirts .
 How dare you again ?
 We are simply providing some comfort food to people who need comfort .
 And , I might add , we are doing it with the utmost respect .  Knock , knock , knocking on the apple store 's door 
 That 's it , your business is booming ,
 I want rent . 200 .
 A year ?
 A month , and it 's a bargain for my beautiful space .
 This space is only beautiful because we made it beautiful .
 Yeah , show 'em your bite marks !
 Max , I 'd rather not .
 You will pay me $200 a month , and there is nothing you can do to change my mind !
 Show him your bite marks ! Fine !
 A rat bit her ass ?
 Okay , 195 .
 No rent , han . That wasn 't the deal you made us .
 This is not personal , it 's business .
 I want a slice of grief pie !
 Show him your front bites !
 No ! That 's too personal .
 Sorry you had to do that . So am I.
 It 's healing nicely . Don 't lie to me .
 I think it 's nice of uto add our owers to the others .
 Shows respect .
 You 're acting like you didn 't steal them .
 X , it 's the thought that counts .
 And I thought it 'd be chper to pull them out of someone 's garn .
 Wait , where 's the shri ?
 That insolent charlatan !
 Whatever that means .
 ( All )  knock , knock , knking on heaven 's door 
 Can you believe this , girls ?
 He 's casng in a death .
 Without us .
 And in his honor tonight we a serving chicken LA roland !
 At a mrner 's discount of just $8 . 95 .
 Looks like jiminy cricket turned to the rk side .
 Nope . No way , Max . Th is our shrine .
 Grab aandful of bears .
 We 'rmoving the dead g sine back ?
 Wa , let me just light a candle for my digny .
 It died here t .
 Max , o you wa to be ccessful or not ?
 Because if youo , grab o of these poems that doesn 't follow any of the rules of poetry , and move it back to the ccake window .
 Because this is our death .
 Think e you 're being a little rsh .
 " Rock out in heaven . Love , Kevin . "
 That 'sold .
 Oops , knocked over a cdle . Ooh , ll fire .
 Fire on shoe .
 If I don 't get this out , it 's gonna be my memorial service .
 Look , look .
 Those girls e disrting the shrine oa dead m !
 Lo , look , a roach got out of the diner ! Quick , step on it !
 Look , hippies , look ! Put down those bongs and look .
 They 're ving the place where a man died fothr own financial gain !
 Hey , that 's so not ol , man .
 Yeah , me on . Yeahboo !
 He 's the not cool one . Yeahlook at him !
 Roland glass died hrible death in front of our adorable cupcake window .
 See ? " Horrible , adorable " ?
 That rhyme just me right off the top of my head .
 Hey ! Hi .
 Hi . He knows !
 I told him to op peeing on the shrine when it was still overhere !
 Isn 't that right ?
 P. That 's e bih .
 Yes ! Yes ! I 'm the bitch !
 So n cool , dude .
 Let 's gehim out of her 
 That 's not my wallet op !
 That 's my wa !
 Ooh , stop !
 st of stop !
 Puhim wn .
 He 's cool .
 Even with thothes and that head .
 I mean , really . E we that desperate f success ?
 We 'det hane torn apart ?
 I 'thinking .
 Caroline -
 Max , I 'm
 Well , no one 's knock , knock , ocking on our door now .
 ' S more deadut tre than when ere was a dead guy out the .
 I 'm having second thoughts about how behav today .
 I mean , how could we have let hanive ?
 Hello .
 I brought you some rock star pudding to sayhankou .
 Oh , rock star pudding . What 's in it , pills ?
 Oken dreams ? Tear- stained panties ?
 Caroline ?
 I 'm Noas easy as Max .
 Said every gir my seventh grade class .
 Look , I was wrong .
 No , han , I was .
 We should pay rent .
 I wasn 't talking about the rent .
 Rent ? [ Muffled ] O said anything about rent ?
 I was wrong when I said it wast personal , it was business .
 After Max stopped me from being torn
 limb from limb by the smelly hippies ,
 I realized , with us , it is mostly personal .
 And a little business .
 A little business ?
 What other kind could you have ?
 Max , let 's not be hard on han .
 He 's giving us this space rent- free .
 No one said " rent- free . "
 I came up with a number I think is fair . $250, 000 .
 Yeah , sounds fair .
 I remembered that was your original cupcake shop goal .
 So when you hit that amount , we can talk rent .
 Han , that is so sweet .
 And I 'm not gonna ruin it by bringing up the fact that she just said " hard on han . "
 Really , han , it 's so , so generous .
 But don 't know if we 're comfortable with it what if we offered y a small piece of theusiness ?
 I 'll wait for thrent . You two are good fends .
 A woman finally offers han a piece , and he turns it down .
 Max . Google alert .
 Oprah 's topless ?
 Max , let that go . That 's never gonna happen .
 Not with that attitude .
 No , the autopsy says roland glass choked on a Max 's homemade cupcake .
 This is a disaster .
 Hey , where 's your enthusiasm now , miss rachael ray ?
 This place is the balls !
 And it 's just a matter of time till those sicko hipsters are lining up for " one of those cupcakes that killed that dude " open the window !
 We 're back , baby !
 But we can 't count on a guy dying every week .
 I mean , I have a positive attitude , but that 's too
 We don 't have to .
 That 's what 's so great about this window .
 Who knows what 'll happen ?
 Right , and we won 't have to chase business down because we 'll be right here on the street waiting for it to come to us .
 Max , I feel so good about the possibilities .
 One night it could be a black American express card , and the ...
 Max , is it ...
 Other nights , it 's a friendly little visit from our homeless guy .
  Previously on " The Originals "
 This town was my home once , and in my absence ,
 Marcel has gotten everything that I ever wanted .
 I want it back .
 I hereby pledge my allegiance to you .
 You have the keys to my kingdom .
 You 're choosing him over me , aren 't you , again ?
 The only reward anyone ever gets from loving Niklaus is suffering and death .
 Niklaus , the girl is carrying your child .
 You 're coming with me , little wolf .
 I 've been deemed under protection by the almighty Klaus .
 I believe it is time for my niece Cami to leave town .
 Leave New Orleans . Forget everything .
 Do I know you ?
 You 've been compelled .
 It 's ok . I can fix you .
 For centuries , people have come to New Orleans
 looking for a fresh start , hoping to find fortune , adventure , even love , young society women imported from France with the promise of marrying a proper New Orleans gentleman ,
 Like the legendary Casket Girls .
 Little did they know that the men who awaited them were far from proper and not at all gentle .
 Get them out . We want to see the women .
 Come out . Come out here .
 Come on . We want the women .
 Oh , there , there , little lambs .
 All the bad men have gone away .
 Us girls have got to stick together .
 Now , is there anything you want to take with you ?
 The Casket Girls ' legend lives on , now celebrated in typical New Orleans fashion with stylish costumes and supernatural flair .
 It 's a yearly reminder of how women can be oppressed by selfish men and how they can triumph when brave enough to fight for themselves .
 Oh , god , it hurts !
 I 'm sorry , Cami .
 It 's the only way to break all of Klaus ' compulsion .
 Believe me , I know what it 's like .
 You 're ok , and , hey , all these notes that you made ,
 It 's very " memento " of you .
 Nice work .
 We 've been at this all night .
 I don 't understand what 's happening to me .
 I don 't understand any of this .
 But you will .
 I will unlock every stolen memory , undo every piece of mind control that any vampire has ever done to you .
 When I am done , you will understand all of it , and you 'll be free .
 I can stop if you want me to .
 No . Don 't stop .
 I want to remember everything .
 Would you like some help ?
 You might need to use all your vampire strength .
 Allow me .
 Thanks .
 Not too many pregnant Casket Girls , I guess .
 I think you look lovely , only I would ...
 I know , keep the freaky werewolf birthmark covered .
 Well , I don 't suspect any of the riffraff here would dare lay a hand on you knowing that you 're under the protection of my family .
 Still , we shouldn 't take any chances .
 All knocked up and nowhere to go .
 You know ...
 If you wanted to attend the festivities tonight ,
 I 'd be more than willing to take you .
 You and Klaus are barely on speaking terms .
 Let 's not rock the boat , ok ?
 Of course .
 Elijah ...
 Do you mind ?
 Not at all .
 Dull , dreary , hideous .
 Talking about the clothes or something else ?
 Why , feeling insecure ?
 This festival might as well be in my honor .
 I need a proper costume , so bugger off .
 - Bekah ... - Don 't .
 You made your choice .
 You and Klaus are best friends again .
 You 've relinquished your right to touch me .
 Wonder who that could be .
 What 's up ?
 Bit of an issue .
 Seems our little bird has flown the coop .
 You should start to feel it , like a weight lifting .
 And your cheat sheets are about to make a lot more sense .
 I promise , as soon as the world stops hunting me ,
 I will find the daylight ring spell .
 I know . Just don 't worry about that right now .
 I remember why I wrote this .
 I found a picture of
 Klaus and Marcel from 1919 .
 Klaus compelled me to go out with Marcel to spy on him .
 That 's what he said yesterday before he told me to forget .
 I 'm remembering .
 Let 's take you back more .
 Leave New Orleans . Forget me .
 Your brother was ill .
 There 's no reason to stay .
 You don 't have to be Sherlock Holmes to know the obvious .
 Our secret weapon has escaped .
 She wouldn 't just leave .
 She knows the witches want her back .
 Her violin is missing .
 She may have left of her own volition .
 What did you say to her in the attic ?
 She lied to my face so she could stay up there thinking that you 'd help her control her magic .
 How do we know that you didn 't take her ?
 I have no idea where Davina is or why she ran away .
 Can I suggest you take a step back ?
 I can assure you , I have absolutely no desire to see that child come into harm 's way .
 She 's suffered enough with this harvest ritual nonsense .
 That child to whom you refer so affectionately is the most powerful witch in New Orleans .
 If she 's fled , what 's to stop her from destroying us , in fact , destroying all we 've worked for ?
 No . If she 's not a friend to this family , then she is our enemy .
 She is a friend , Klaus .
 Well , let 's hope so .
 Lucky for you , I know how to get her back .
 Follow my lead .
 You know how Niklaus operates .
 If he perceives a threat , he can become quite ruthless .
 This would not bode well for Davina .
 I 'm not gonna let anybody lay a finger on her .
 Nor will I.
 So the witch is missing , huh ?
 Walked right out the front door , apparently .
 Know anything about it ?
 No , although I did tell her that the witch elders were dead .
 Well , why would she care when the witches tried to kill her in their ritual ?
 I think it was more that Marcel didn 't tell her that the one thing preventing her from being free had been eliminated .
 So you are the reason she 's run off .
 Hey , I was just telling her the truth .
 She 's the one who realized they were just using her to keep their control over the witches .
 Well , I 've never been a fan of the boys club .
 Just wait .
 Elijah will join them , and the three of them will be impossible .
 Used by the witches , lied to by Marcel , manipulated by Elijah , threatened by Klaus ...
 She 's like a modern- day casket girl .
 Are you talking about Davina or yourself ?
 Does it matter ?
 Either way , us girls have got to stick together .
 Sorry to interrupt .
 Been calling you for like an hour .
 I thought you 'd have taken the hint .
 You 've been acting like this since Agnes was killed .
 Yeah . Can you blame me ?
 It 's not like I have a lot to keep me going these days .
 Well , while you 've been drowning your sorrows by nailing everything that walks ,
 I 've been doing my tours , keeping my head down my ears open .
 Marcel 's daywalkers are scouring the whole town
 looking for a girl -- brown hair , blue eyes .
 Sound familiar ?
 If Davina is not with Marcel , he won 't know if we 're practicing magic .
 And if we can actually get her back , we can fix everything .
 Sun goes down , vampire search parties quadruple .
 I got this from her family 's old house .
 Feel like a locator spell ?
 Keep drinking .
 You need the vervain in your system so you can 't be compelled again .
 Hey , Cami , you don 't have any human blood in your fridge , do you ?
 For crying out loud , here .
 Davina ?
 Someone is practicing magic .
 They 're trying to find me .
 Then we have to run .
 There is no way to sneak me out of the quarter .
 By now , everyone is looking for me --
 The witches , Marcel , Klaus .
 My uncle will know what to do .
 - Cami ... - I mean , he has to know somewhat of
 - what 's going on in this town , right ... - Cami , stop .
 Unless he 's been compelled .
 He knows .
 What are you talking about ?
 He knows .
 He works with Marcel .
 They 're practically friends .
 I hear them talk .
 He knows everything .
 No .
 He would 've told me if he knew the witches put a hex on my brother .
 He knows ?
 Cami ...
 Oh , my god .
 He knows .
 Hey , you guys seriously need to go , like now --
 Plane , train , automobile , whatever .
 Take my car . It 's parked down at the docks .
 I 'll text you the where .
 Put your number in Cami 's phone .
 Most of the quarter is shut down right now .
 We 'll have to walk , and the sun is taking forever to go down .
 Hey , no tears .
 Promise you 'll meet us as soon as it gets dark out .
 Yeah , but don 't worry about me .
 Just don 't let them find you .
 I know Klaus told you to follow me , but does it really mean you have to follow me to the bathroom ?
 Just give me two minutes .
 It 's my gynecologist .
 What the hell do you want ?
 I know you don 't trust me , but you need to listen .
 Everything is about to change .
 Davina is on the loose .
 Figured that out on your own , huh ?
 Remind me again why I should give a damn .
 I need something from you so that the witches can complete the harvest .
 On what planet would I help you witches get more power ?
 All you 've done is hex me left and right .
 You 'll help me because if we don 't complete the harvest , our access to magic will fade for good , which doesn 't bode well for your family .
 What do you know about my family ?
 You 're from the crescent wolf bloodline .
 Marcel forced a witch to curse them so they 'd be trapped in wolf form .
 And I should keep listening to you because --
 Because my bloodline executed that curse .
 Help me complete the harvest , and I 'll undo the curse for you .
 But what can I do ?
 I need to consecrate the remains of a powerful witch so I can absorb their magic .
 I know of one whose body was never found .
 Her name is Celeste Dubois .
 I believe you and she have a friend in common .
 Elijah .
 Story goes that when she died , he buried her in a secret spot at her request .
 All you need to do is find out where .
 There 's people everywhere .
 Just keep walking . No one knows it 's you .
 Cami ...
 We have to get off this street .
 Kieran is gonna call me first if he hears anything .
 Ah , you two look rather cozy .
 Hardly . I was just telling Elijah how we 're wasting time .
 You don 't like festivals ?
 I don 't see why not ?
 Who doesn 't love a street fair ?
 Sister , come to help us find our stray ?
 We can 't let your secret weapon get in the wrong hands , can we ?
 For the record , we are moments away from retrieving her .
 Recognize that tone of voice , Niklaus .
 Clearly , you have some diabolical machination .
 What is it ?
 Timothy ...
 Might I have a word ?
 Cami , hey , it 's me ... again ... Stalking you .
 Just really need to know where you guys are so I can meet you before the sun comes up ... Again .
 Uh , hello ?
 Joshua , my most disappointing minion ,
 I suspected you wouldn 't answer the call were it from me .
 Klaus , hey , what up ?
 Guess what . I just moved to Turkey .
 Weirdly , they don 't eat turkey here .
 - Go figure . - You 're lying .
 In fact , Marcel and I were just chatting about your failed double agent status , and we 've surmised that you 're likely still in town and in the company of a friend --
 A young , angry witch .
 Nope . Nope . No witches here .
 Totally digging turkey , though .
 Are you really gonna leave Davina 's fiddler soulmate Timothy alone with me ?
 Oh , Josh , what would she think of that ?
 I assure you , I just want to talk to her .
 Tim and I will be at the compound .
 I really do hope she comes home soon .
 We should keep moving . How long do we have to wait ?
 Give it a few minutes .
 Then I 'll check to see if the coast is clear .
 Josh , sorry I missed your calls .
 What ?
 I didn 't want to tell you , but I know Klaus .
 If Davina doesn 't show up , he 'll kill Tim .
 We 'll think of something .
 Make your way to the quarter . Stay hidden .
 We 'll text you when we have a plan .
 - I have to go . - Davina , wait .
 I can 't let Tim die .
 What 's wrong ?
 The witches .
 No !
 Cami ?
 I 'm just grabbing some clothes .
 Give me two minutes , please .
 Celeste entrances me .
 She is perfection .
 She is dead .
 Even as the sun rises , I see only night .
 But for the promise I made to her that in death , I would bury her far from the mayhem of witches , vampires , and men .
 I 'm so sorry , Elijah .
 Hey . It 's just me . Don 't , like , melt me .
 What are you doing ?
 You 're supposed to be hidden .
 Yeah .
 So are you , remember , but you 're kind of working that whole " girl on a mission " Look that makes me nervous .
 Are you sure that you really want to mess with the baddest dude in all of history ?
 He messed with me when he took Tim .
 I 'll kill him , all of them .
 Davina , originals can 't be killed .
 Maybe they can .
 I have so much power ,
 I 've never felt anything like it before .
 It 's growing , gathering inside me .
 I 'm strong , Josh .
 If you kill them , then --
 What ?
 If you 're gonna do it , don 't hold back .
 You hit them with all you got .
 That was very sweet , not telling Davina that if she kills Klaus ,
 You die , too , very noble .
 Problem is , she goes after my brother , she 'll be the one who ends up dead ,
 A very unnecessary end to an already- tragic story .
 Perhaps you 'd like to help me help her .
 Where 's Rebekah gotten off to ?
 It 's not Rebekah that I 'm concerned about , and how are you be so certain that Davina will come ?
 One might think you 've forgotten what it 's like to be in the grip of an all- consuming infatuation .
 She 'll come .
 Are the maudlin theatrics absolutely necessary , Niklaus ?
 Ha ! It 's a fair point ,
 Timothy , play something a little more upbeat , please .
 That 's a good lad .
 Took you long enough to spread the word .
 Have you met his nightwalkers ?
 Not the brightest assortment .
 All that matters is , I got it covered .
 When Davina gets here , you two need to let me do the talking .
 Well , I 'm sure you 'll have your chance .
 Hello , luv .
 Silence is golden , Timothy . Thank you .
 Davina ?
 You got me here . Now let him down .
 Well , first , we have to have a little chat about you returning to the fold .
 What did I say , Klaus ?
 I got this . D. , what happened ?
 Why 'd you run ? Talk to me .
 Hey , I can make it right .
 How , by threatening my friend ?
 Actually , that was my idea . Apologies .
 I 've been known to go too far to make a point ,
 But I do always get results .
 You pretend to be so confident , but I know the truth .
 you 're afraid everyone can see what you really are -- an animal ...
 a beast .
 Why don 't you show us your real face ?
 That 's enough of you .
 Davina , you don 't have to do this .
 You --
 You looked me in the eyes and lied to my face , pretended you wanted to help me .
 Listen to me .
 You call yourself the noble one , but you 're a killer just like your brother .
 For 1, 000 years , you fed on innocent blood .
 Why don 't you choke on it ?
 And you --
 I trusted you .
 I loved you , but you were just using me to stay in power .
 You don 't care about me .
 You 're wrong .
 When you lost to Klaus , you handed me over like some trophy .
 Maybe I should boil you in bronze .
 I care .
 I took you in like you were my own blood .
 Come on now , luv .
 Don 't tell me you were falling for that .
 Isn 't it time for us girls to have a chat ?
 Now , that is impressive , and well- deserved , in my opinion .
 Now , before you turn on me ,
 I have a surprise for you .
 Josh , what are you doing ? Get out of here .
 What are you doing ?
 Now , if I were Klaus , I would rip
 Josh 's head from his neck , feed it to a nightwalker , and that would be the end of your friend ...
 But hurting people is such a boyish thing to do ,
 like how Klaus compelled your fiddler on the roof , and , while I am many things , I 'm certainly not my brother .
 It 's ok , Timothy . You can come down .
 No one is gonna hurt you .
 He told me I couldn 't climb down off this beam .
 Then don 't climb , silly .
 Am I the only smart one in the room ? Jump .
 Davina , how did you do all that ?
 How did I even get here ?
 I 'll explain everything , I promise .
 Why are you doing this ?
 Seems to me that you 're the one holding all the cards , but you don 't know who to trust .
 I 've just proven that you can trust me .
 Now I 'd like to show you one more thing .
 Won 't take long .
 You can bring your friends .
 Oh , Sophie , I told you everything that I found .
 You said he buried her between two lovely oak saplings .
 News flash -- that was 200 years ago .
 They 're all just trees now .
 You want to be the all- powerful witch , keep looking .
 Say a prayer . Have a little faith .
 You can do this .
 Ok .
 Please , please help me .
 I 'm trying to do the right thing .
 Oh , don 't worry .
 They 're not really dead , just really hungry , and I 'm not helping .
 You think my brother Nik is awful ?
 Marcel learned from the best .
 This is how he treats his so- called friends who betray him .
 Most of what these poor souls did is no worse than what Josh did .
 Take Thierry , for example .
 He was Marcel 's most trusted friend .
 Klaus tricked him into breaking one of Marcel 's rules .
 Marcel knows this , and yet he keeps Thierry
 locked in here day after day suffering .
 This is insane .
 Why are you telling me this ?
 Because you need to know who you 're dealing with , who you can trust .
 Hey , hey , it 's gonna be ok .
 I mean , you 're gonna be all right .
 Here . Drink something .
 Davina , both you and I have been lied to and taken advantage of by Marcel and Klaus .
 Maybe together , we can get a little payback .
 Uh , guys ?
 Tim ?
 It was Klaus . He made me do it .
 I didn 't even know what I was doing until I made you --
 Made her what ?
 Drink .
 Tim ?
 Klaus poisoned the water .
 Tim ?
 Davina ?
 Oh , no .
 Cami , are you all right ?
 Did you eat today ?
 Oh , you must have fainted .
 Yeah , or I got mystically cold cocked by 3 witches .
 Where 's Davina ?
 Does your friend Marcel know she 's here ?
 Cami , I can explain .
 Vampires ? Witches ?
 My brother , your nephew , hexed by a witch .
 How could you not tell me ?
 It 's complicated .
 There 's a lot you don 't understand .
 You hid the truth from me .
 You let me believe that Sean was crazy , that I was crazy , instead of telling me the truth .
 I was protecting you .
 You saw what happened to Sean .
 Cami , please --
 Get the hell away from me .
 You are every bit as bad as the other monsters in this city .
 Oh , isn 't this monumentally awkward .
 Rebekah , where are you ?
 I 'm with Davina , and she 's dying because of your treachery .
 Well , I tried to talk to her out of respect for Marcel , but she made it quite clear she is not our friend .
 My apologies is you thought she was yours .
 Just tell me how to cure her .
 Vampire blood isn 't working .
 No . It wouldn 't .
 You see , the poison I compelled Timothy to feed her is quite potent .
 It 's just a matter of time for her .
 For both of them , you diabolical bastard .
 They 're children .
 We could 've dealt with her fairly .
 There is no dealing with those who threaten us .
 Davina sealed her fate when she stood against me .
 This was her choice , not mine .
 Oh , come on .
 The stench of your judgment is overwhelming .
 Need I remind you that Davina just bested the lot of us ?
 I did what had to be done .
 Don 't worry , Elijah . I remain as redeemable as ever .
 So you compelled that boy to poison Davina without consulting Marcel or myself .
 You know what the worst part is ?
 Is that you 're so predictable ,
 I had to make an alliance with your brother , who I don 't even like .
 Judging by your expression , you have something you 'd like to share .
 Damn straight , I do .
 I got a call from Kieran earlier , right after Sabine and some witches almost got their hands on Davina first .
 Oh , hello .
 Let me guess , protection spell ?
 You think I 'd let a day where witches can do magic pass by without one ?
 They all should 've done the same .
 You broke one of my rules , Sabine , and I 'm guessing that spell of yours is probably a one- time deal .
 I 'll give you two choices -- an immediate reunion with your dearly departed friends or you can do that same spell for a young witch friend of mine .
 Yeah . You probably know which one I 'm talking about .
 So when you slipped away to allegedly check on your nightwalkers , you were , in fact , colluding with a witch .
 That 's very clever .
 I suppose I should be proud .
 Eh , I just wanted to make sure
 I had a failsafe just in case , as Elijah expected , you started acting like you .
 Except that now you 've involved the witches , who , last time I checked , were enemy to us all , to everything we have , and to our family .
 Davina is Marcel 's family , Niklaus , or did that somehow slip your mind as you tried to take her life ?
 You will call Rebekah .
 You 'll tell her that Davina will recover .
 Do wish the same could be said for that boy .
 Tim .
 Tim ? Tim ?
 Tim , Tim , wake up . Tim , please wake up .
 Open your eyes . No , no .
 Please wake up .
 Please don 't leave me alone .
 Is she ok ?
 She 's devastated and exhausted .
 Where 's her room ?
 No . I got her .
 I got her .
 It is said that this is a man 's world , and sometimes it is .
 For every Casket girl that was saved , countless others were not ...
 She 'll never trust me again .
 Perhaps .
 You must never surrender the fight to reclaim that trust .
 But women are more resilient than given credit for ...
 These drawings , what are they ?
 She drew those the whole time she was in the attic , said they 're different than what she draws when she senses magic .
 These ones , she called them evil .
 And some women , well ,
 let 's just say , their oppressors had better watch out .
 Surprised to see me ?
 After all , you did compel me to leave town .
 You remember .
 Chalk one up for decompulsion .
 Hurts like hell , but it 's worth it ,
 Made me realize exactly why I want to stick around ,
 Oh , and , Klaus , if you hurt Davina or Josh in any way , I 'll expose you to the world , and then you can kiss the french quarter good- bye forever .
 Have a nice night .
 I , too , am resilient , and I 'm tired of being oppressed .
 For 1, 000 years , my brother has taken what he wants in whatever way he wants , regardless of the consequences .
 Marcel seems determined to allow it , and Elijah stands right by his side futilely awaiting the day that he 'll change .
 So men suck .
 What do you want me to do about it ?
 Despite your dire warnings to Marcel , he just can 't seem to quit my brother .
 The two of them stand side by side ruling this city whilst you 're left in here to rot .
 I want you to help me take New Orleans right out from under all of their noses , and I have something they won 't see coming , someone on the inside .
 She 's quite the resilient girl herself .
 You ok ?
 I 'm better now .
 How was your day ?
 Killer .
 What 's with the artwork ?
 Davina 's sketches .
 I wonder if they represent some kind of premonition .
 They seem to suggest something is coming ...
 Something sinister .
 Oh , my god , isn 't that --
 Hello , Celeste .
 Come on , Sophie . Pick up . Pick up .
 My brothers and I are the first vampires .
 In all of history ... The Originals .
 300 years ago , we helped build New Orleans .
 Now we 've returned to find a city at war .
 The vampire Marcel leads an army against a coven of desperate witches .
 My brother Klaus is playing against both sides , hungry for power and hoping to protect the werewolf carrying his child , but Marcel has an advantage .
 He holds our brother Elijah captive with the aid of a secret weapon .
 Now in order to get back the brother I love ,
 I have no choice but to side with the one I cannot trust .
 August 1359 .
 I have noticed a difference in my siblings .
 Our bond strains beneath the pressure of our life as vampires .
 Each day removes them further from the humanity they once possessed .
 My sweet sister Rebekah has grown quite indifferent to brutality .
 However , the true problem remains by brother Niklaus .
 He continues to hide his loneliness with cruelty .
 Still , I cling to the hope that I , as their eldest brother , can lead them down the correct path , a path charged with the power of a family united ...
 For if I fail , our family 's legacy will end in darkness .
 I cannot believe you disposed of those vampires without me .
 You know how I love to set things on fire .
 Was I supposed to leave them in the front yard to rot ?
 Besides , they were my responsibility .
 They attacked the helpless , pregnant girl who 's carrying my child .
 Oh , I am so moved by your newfound sense of fatherly duty towards the werewolf carrying your hybrid bun in her oven .
 Ha !
 The werewolf would like to know what the plan is .
 Well , that depends what plan you mean , luv ...
 My plan for global domination or Rebekah 's plan to find love in a cruel , cruel world .
 The plan to rescue Elijah , you know ...
 The good brother , the one who is now in the possession of your mortal enemy after you stabbed him in the back .
 In the front , if we 're being specific .
 You two said that you would get him back .
 So is there a plan , or what ?
 Ok .
 Well , firstly , Marcel is not my mortal enemy .
 He 's my friend , albeit one who is unaware that I am trying to sabotage his hold over the supernatural community of the French quarter , but a friend nonetheless ,
 and secondly , I daggered Elijah in order to gain Marcel 's trust .
 If I had known he would place my brother in the hands of a particularly nasty teenage witch ,
 I certainly would have weighed my options a bit differently , and thirdly , sister , please .
 And thirdly , the plan , as you have demanded , is for Niklaus to simply asks Marcel for Elijah back .
 That 's not the whole plan , is it ?
 Oh , please .
 Klaus may be a miserable excuse for a sibling , but there is none more diabolical .
 That 's only the plan " a , " luv .
 There 's always a plan " B. "
 And what 's plan " B " ?
 Damn , I do look good in a suit .
 Joshua Rosen , 18 , had recently arrived in New Orleans as part of ...
 My guy and the docks is gonna come forward as an eyewitness , say he saw those two drunkenly fall into the Mississippi .
 They 'll be dredging for weeks .
 No one will come looking around here .
 That 's good , considering one is dead in a dumpster behind the county morgue and the other one is a vampire now .
 Anything else ?
 Allow me , darling .
 One thing .
 I sent 4 nightwalkers to look into a werewolf sighting in the quarter .
 I haven 't heard from them since .
 That makes 10 dead nightwalkers in the last week .
 You think the werewolves are back in town trying to start some trouble ?
 Look . I know you and Klaus are friends , but the fact is , since the Originals showed up ...
 Oh , come now , Thierry .
 You 're not still upset about that little , toxic werewolf bite I gave you , are you ?
 I thought we were at by
 I see you 've given him free rein of your compound now , too . Yes .
 Well , seeing as my family and I
 lived here , built the place , in fact ...
 All right . Come on .
 You both know the drill .
 Thierry is my guy , inner circle .
 Klaus is my old- time friend and sire .
 He 's also a guest here .
 Peace , all right ? All right ?
 What you need , my brother ?
 I 'm afraid my sister Rebekah is insisting I demand Elijah 's return .
 She 's quite worked up about it .
 I 'll say .
 We 're not gonna have 3 Originals walking around town , are we ?
 Half our guys think the sister killed the nightwalkers .
 Is that an accusation against an original ?
 What did I say about peace ?
 Come on .
 Walk with me .
 Your inner circle man lacks a sense of humor .
 He 's a little overprotective , but loyal to a fault .
 I saved his life back in the forties , found him dying of a war wound outside a VA hospital .
 He 'd kill for me and die for me .
 Plus , that boy can play the trumpet like you would not believe .
 Maybe I 'll see if he can play a little tonight at the party .
 You 're coming , right ?
 How can I miss my chance to meet the city councilman as he accepts your gigantic charitable donation ?
 Oh , he 's a schmuck , but he lets us do our thing in exchange for certain community services ,
 like keeping our fangs out of the locals .
 Listen . About your brother ,
 I would love to help you out , but Thierry is right .
 My guys are on edge .
 They see the original family moving in , vampires dying , it makes them nervous .
 If I hand Elijah back now , it might give the wrong impression about who 's really in charge here .
 You know what I mean ?
 You understand I had to ask .
 Hey , Klaus , for the love of Mary Magdalene , how long does it take to ask a simple question ?
 Much longer than you 'd think , considering the answer was , as expected , no .
 Marcel 's man Thierry is suspicious .
 He thinks you killed 10 nightwalkers .
 Well , that 's a lie . I only killed 8 .
 Should I make Thierry the ninth ?
 Marcel is playing friendly .
 We can 't kill the favorite son , or he 'll catch onto us .
 So war it is , then . Indeed .
 Do you know what to do with the witch ?
 I believe I do . Good .
 You manage Sophie Deveraux .
 I 'll take care of the next step .
 I ordered you to drain him of blood .
 What 's taking so long ?
 Sorry . I 'm not medieval torture expert guy .
 What did he do to you , anyway ?
 It 's not about what he did .
 It 's about what he 's going to do when we 're done here , which is whatever I want him to , just like you .
 For example , drive this through his torso .
 That is crazy .
 I didn 't want to do it , but I did it , anyway .
 It 's called mind compulsion .
 Vampires can compel humans .
 Originals like my siblings and I can also compel vampires , and no one can compel Originals .
 You following ? Good .
 That is how a brand- new nightwalker such as yourself is here doing my bidding with no one the wiser .
 But I never had my guts drained out of me . Yes .
 That , young Joshua , is because I got to you before you had even a drop of herbal vervain in your system .
 You see , it prevents compulsion .
 Marcel has had his whole crew taking it since I returned to town , 
 and that is why our friend here needs to be bled dry of it so I can compel him to follow my every command , 
 and with my brother currently in captivity awaiting rescue , 
 we can 't afford to be gentle about it .
 Come here . Yah !
 Oh , so glad you could make it .
 Elijah only lies daggered and rotting whilst you dillydally .
 You 're lucky I came at all .
 What do you want ?
 Hayley was attacked last night by Marcel 's crew because somebody told him there was a werewolf in the quarter .
 She only made one stop .
 Whoever saw her here ratted her out .
 Watch and learn .
 Hey , Soph . Hey , Katie .
 That 's filled with marigold , great for attracting the opposite sex , would look awesome on you .
 I very seriously doubt that .
 Do you have any others , one with , say ...
 I don 't know ... Wolfsbane , perhaps ?
 Wolfsbane ? Why would you want that ?
 Please do not play dumb with me .
 Rebekah !
 I just sold the werewolf some herbs . That 's all .
 Are you lying to me , Katie ?
 I suggest you answer my question honestly .
 Just answer the question , Katie , please .
 Yes .
 I told someone , but you don 't understand . I ...
 I love him .
 Then tell me , who is this vampire Romeo of yours ?
 Shall I count to 3 ?
 Be quick about it .
 I have an army to build , and one compelled minion does not an army make .
 Well ?
 You were right about the traitor .
 Luckily , she 's just a kid and she doesn 't know anything about us and what we 're up to .
 Do you want to hear the part that 's gonna please you the most ?
 Oh , do tell .
 She 's in love with someone in Marcel 's inner circle .
 Guess who it is .
 Right- hand- man type , favors silly caps ?
 Two points for you .
 Thierry is fraternizing with the enemy .
 Well , that means he just unwittingly became the key to our entire plan .
 I told you you 'd be pleased .
 Oh , to be young and in love in a city where witches and vampires are at war .
 How very tragic .
 Are you out of your mind ?
 No way . It 's very simple .
 We need you to perform a teeny , tiny locator spell to help us find our brother .
 Witches who practice magic in this town get caught , and they get killed .
 Yes .
 About that , it seems you left out a crucial detail when we made our deal ...
 Marcel 's secret weapon , the way he knows when a witch is using magic .
 Girl about yay high , cute as a button , anger issues .
 Davina ?
 Where have you seen her ?
 I don 't know .
 The little brat erased my memory right after she threw me out a window with her bloody mind .
 Let me cut to the chase .
 Davina has Elijah .
 You witches , I assume , want to get Davina away from Marcel .
 We don 't know where she is .
 Ergo , we need magic .
 Davina would sense it .
 Unless , of course , another witch ...
 Say , a traitor to the cause ,
 Katie , for example ...
 Was to perform much more powerful magic at the same time .
 That would create a smokescreen concealing your very small spell from Davina .
 Katie doesn 't deserve to die .
 Sophie Deveraux ...
 You 're in no position to be so principled .
 You can 't win a war without a few strategic losses , no matter how regrettable they may be .
 How many times have the vampires been one step ahead , known something they shouldn 't ,
 your sister executed in the public square for practicing magic who knew she 'd be caught ?
 Did she even attempt to flee ?
 She was caught hiding in a cargo hold of a freighter before it set sail down the Mississippi .
 And who , pray tell , in Marcel 's valued inner circle manages his business at the docks ?
 Katie 's boyfriend Thierry .
 You 're right . He 's good .
 Right ? Music man I call him .
 Ladies love him , but he 's spoken for .
 He knocks around with this pretty , little witch , says he loves her , but I don 't know .
 Yo brightest soldier is fraternizing with your enemy , and you don 't care .
 Well , of course I care , but Thierry is a grown man .
 He makes his own choices , and I get some good intel .
 Besides , he 's not gonna do anything to jeopardize what we 're doing here .
 I mean , check this out , a vampire hosting a ritzy charity event .
 We have a community here . No one is gonna mess that up .
 Still ...
 You don 't want the witches to get too bold , given that a witch 's tip about a werewolf in town
 led to the disappearance of your nightwalkers .
 I 'm sure you 've considered the possibility that it could 've been a trap .
 Maybe I 'll send a little message .
 Thierry ...
 Take a team of nightwalkers to the cauldron tonight , do a little rousting ...
 Oh , and , Thierry , make it nasty .
 And so with that , I moved back here to be closer to my brothers because ... let 's face it ...
 Family is important , right , Camille ?
 Cami . I have to change this name tag .
 Drunk guys keep hitting on me in French .
 You sure you haven 't been in here before ?
 Your face looks so familiar .
 You must have seen me out and about .
 Aren 't you dating Marcel Gerard ?
 He 's a pal of mine ... Sort of .
 I heard he had a crush on the blond bartender at Rousseau 's .
 I would hardly call it dating .
 He 's wooing me ... Sort of .
 I don 't know .
 He 's very charming , which probably means
 I should run for the hills .
 I 'm kind of in an on- again/ off- again thing myself at the moment .
 Those are the worst , aren 't they , 
 the ones you can 't shake , even though you know better , and you always know better ?
 I like you , Cami .
 Most girls have the unfortunate tendency of being whiny , little twits .
 Thanks ... I think .
 Hey , I 'm supposed to go to this posh charity thing thrown by this philanthropist tonight .
 He 's a bit of a Gatsby , throws a mean party .
 Any interest ?
 Little sister .
 Well , brother , I believe I 've made certain
 Marcel will be properly distracted tonight .
 Dare I ask ?
 Let 's just say his attention will not be on us .
 I did my bit .
 What are you doing to ensure Elijah 's safe return ?
 Currently , I 'm preparing insurance against the tender- hearted .
 Meaning ?
 We need proper motivation for Katie to cast a powerful spell tonight .
 I 'm creating that motivation .
 Marcel has ordered a rousting of the witches .
 No !
 I , in turn , have arranged for things to go tragically wrong .
 You understand what you 're to do ?
 Good .
 What 's happening out there ?
 Oh , it 's Klaus .
 He 's convinced Marcel that the witches are planning to make a move against him .
 Marcel wants us to send a message , and if he thought I was playing favorites just because I 'm in love with a witch ...
 Say that again .
 I love you , Katie , and all this is gonna be ok , promise .
 Marcel may not be concerned with Thierry 's romantic entanglements ...
 I already got that one .
 But there are other crimes which he 'll be
 less inclined to so easily forgive ...
 Aah ! Thierry !
 Aah ! Leave her alone . Get off .
 Killing a vampire , for example .
 That would be unforgivable .
 If Katie hopes to save her one true love from Marcel 's punishment , well , a rescue mission
 like that will require something positively magical , but then ...
 What 's worth dying for if not love ?
 Well , this certainly is a fitting backdrop for tonight 's events , I must say .
 Hey What 's she doing here ?
 What better way to distract Marcel than to put his very human , new girl in a room chock full of vampires ?
 Hello , darling . You look precious .
 This party is ridiculous , but I think I could get to enjoy this place .
 Is he the infamous on- again/ off- again ?
 He 's the brother , actually , and my sister is right .
 You do look stunning .
 You clean up pretty well yourself .
 Well , don 't be fooled , luv .
 I 'm the devil in disguise .
 You two chitchat . I need booze .
 Shall we ?
 Ok .
 Scotch , please .
 You trying to be cute inviting her here ?
 I think she 's darling .
 I can tell you fancy her pure heart .
 Perhaps I 'll feed it to you .
 Hmm , jealousy looks good on you , Bekah .
 The guy of hers Rebekah was talking about ...
 I 'm sensing that would be Marcel .
 I wouldn 't worry about it .
 Ancient history .
 I 'm beginning to think your sister is a bit of a bitch .
 It 's as though she invented the term .
 Listen .
 Pardon me for a moment .
 Cami .
 Hey , killer party .
 Oh , it 's more of a work thing .
 I would 've invited you ...
 Oh , no . We 've been on one date .
 No explanation necessary .
 You do your thing . I 'll entertain myself .
 What , leave you alone ,
 looking the way you do ?
 Hell with that .
 You 're not supposed to be out here .
 Who are you ?
 Sorry . I didn 't mean to scare you .
 I 'm Sabine . We met .
 I 'm one of Sophie 's friends .
 You 're one of the witches .
 Sophie just asked me to come keep you company while everyone is out .
 You know , it 's drawn to you .
 The child you 're carrying is part vampire , part werewolf .
 You and Klaus made something special .
 You sound like Elijah .
 He thinks this baby is gonna make us one big , happy family , but now he 's gone , 
 and I don 't even know what ...
 It is .
 You know , I can do something about that if you want ,
 I mean , find out if it 's a boy or girl .
 I thought you couldn 't do witchy stuff around here .
 It 's not magic , just an old trick my grandmother taught me .
 Come on .
 You have to be a little curious .
 I thought you said you were in community work .
 Community fundraising .
 Throw a party , folks open their wallets .
 It 's kind of my thing .
 Guess I 'm what you call a necessary evil .
 And Rebekah , she 's one of your donors ?
 She 's an old friend .
 Can 't be that old .
 She looks younger than me .
 You 'd be surprised .
 I was a kid when I met her .
 Enough about her .
 I just want to be right here with you .
 You really are a hideously evil little thing , aren 't you ?
 Nonsense . They 're perfect for each other .
 You wanted Marcel distracted .
 My cue to leave .
 Excuse me .
 What the hell did you do ?
 Not here .
 No , not here . 
 I know you think he 's a monster .
 It doesn 't matter what I think .
 Thierry killed another vampire .
 He broke Marcel 's biggest rule .
 You 'll never see him again ...
 Unless we do something .
 " We " ?
 I want to save our people .
 You want to save Thierry ?
 There 's only one way we can do both .
 You ready ?
 Marcel . Something is coming .
 Magic .
 I want to hear your side of it .
 Hey , Marcel , come on .
 Your version . Go .
 We were tossing the cauldron .
 This guy , some nightwalker , he attacked Katie for no reason .
 His name was Max . I turned him .
 As far as reasons go , he doesn 't need one .
 She was a witch . He was a vampire .
 Now he 's dead .
 I didn 't mean for it to happen .
 You broke my most important rule .
 Damn it , T. How long we been friends , 70 years ?
 Yeah .
 I turned you into something that would never die .
 I gave you a gift .
 And I have been loyal to you all this time , and I still am .
 I 'm still your friend , Marcel .
 I swear , that hasn 't changed .
 You were right , luv .
 He 's got a temper , doesn 't he ?
 I guess this is the moment I remember I know better .
 We found this at his girl 's place .
 Still my friend , huh ?
 That 's funny because it looks to me
 like that little witch of yours got her hands on a spell that I keep locked away .
 Marcel , I have never seen that .
 Shut up .
 I see on your hand , you still have the daylight ring I gave you .
 So what would you need with the recipe for making new ones unless maybe you and Katie were gonna go off and start a little kingdom of your own ?
 Marcel , no .
 Here 's a lesson in friendship .
 Friends don 't lie to me , they don 't break my rules , and they do not steal what is mine .
 For the crime of murdering one of his own ,
 I sentence Thierry Vanchure to 100 years in the garden .
 And it begins .
 You 're doing the right thing .
 It 's the only way to find Elijah .
 I 'm doing what I have to do .
 Katie , no !
 Like clockwork .
 Hurry .
 No !
 You 're here to save your man .
 Well , come on , little girl .
 Die , you son of a bitch .
 No ! Katie !
 Something is wrong .
 Katie 's magic stopped .
 I can keep going .
 You can 't . She 'll sense it .
 No . I can find Davina . I just need another moment .
 You may be willing to die to get your witch back , but Hayley and the baby will die with you .
 Elijah will never forgive us , and rescuing him will be for nothing .
 It 's over . We failed .
 No . Katie . No , no , no , no .
 No .
 Just tell me this .
 Was she worth it ?
 I loved her .
 Seal him up and let him rot .
 How much did Cami see ?
 She just saw an argument , mate .
 It 's nothing you can 't fix .
 You really like her , don 't you ?
 I like that she 's not a part of any of this .
 Sometimes it 's good to see the world the way the humans do .
 I am sorry about Thierry , you know ?
 I can tell he was a good friend .
 I made him what he was .
 Obviously , my trust was misplaced .
 Doesn 't make it easier .
 You saved me tonight . I guess I owe you one .
 You asked for your brother back .
 Seems like the least I can do .
 Cami ...
 Don 't even try it .
 I get the bro code .
 You 're here to smooth things over for your friend .
 It 's very nice of you , but ...
 But you 've been hurt before , and you aren 't taking any more chances .
 Something like that .
 The guy I saw tonight , not the guy I thought he was , and if he can turn on a dime like that ...
 Sounds like more than just a broken heart .
 Someone broke your trust ...
 Camille , the brave bartender .
 I 'm sorry ...
 But I need you to give Marcel another chance .
 Wow . I totally misread that .
 You read it quite well , but we all have our roles to play .
 You went to Marcel 's . You danced .
 You feel badly hat he had a row with his friend , but otherwise , all you remember is that it was perfect .
 Well , tonight was an epic failure .
 On the contrary , sister .
 Tonight was a masterpiece .
 Are you mad ?
 Katie died before Sophie could complete the spell .
 Oh , I 'm well aware . I killed Katie .
 You what ?
 There 's no way our little suicide witch wasn 't gonna try and take out
 Marcel with her .
 I saved his life , and in doing so ,
 I now have him exactly where I want him .
 Sophie trusted you .
 I trusted you against all my better instincts .
 Wake up , Rebekah .
 The witches are on no one 's side but their own .
 This girl Davina , that 's all they want , and when they have her , what do you think happens then , a truce ?
 Of course not .
 They will use Davina 's power against all of us .
 Even if you 're right , the plan was to find Elijah , and you failed us .
 You always did lack faith .
 By protecting Marcel , I 've cemented his trust , so much so that he 's agreed to return Elijah to us , and when the time is right , when he has told me everything
 I need to know about Davina ,
 I will have her for myself .
 I have all the faith in the world that you 'll get what you want , Nik .
 You always do , no matter what it costs the rest of us .
 You disgust me .
 Are you ok ? I was so worried .
 Thank you .
 Whatever you did , I felt it .
 You helped me .
 It was the old ones , wasn 't it ?
 Actually , Klaus is the one that saved me tonight .
 I 'm gonna make things right , starting off by giving him his brother back .
 No .
 What ?
 Davina ...
 No .
 You said the old ones were dangerous .
 I won 't give him back until I know how to kill them .
 I thought you might like to know ,
 Elijah is returning to us .
 Congratulations .
 I guess being diabolical has its perks .
 You hardly know him , and yet you miss him .
 What is it about my brother that always inspires such instant admiration ?
 He was kind to me .
 There are moments when I doubt if my family is capable of redemption ...
 Hey , I learned something today .
 I think it 's a girl .
 Elijah , voice- over yet each time that I am tempted to surrender , I see it , the glimmer of goodness that allows me to believe .
 You 're following me .
 Maybe you 're just in my way .
 I told you no good would come from this unholy alliance of yours .
 At least I 'm doing something .
 What about you ?
 Sabine , tell them what you saw .
 It 's the girl , the wolf .
 I think it 's a girl .
 No .
 Wait .
 Wait what ?
 Please tell me I 'm not having a mini Klaus .