- Delivery 1 2 Tables 4 Tables 1 1 Tables - Received
I told you to stop staring at my boobs
waiter
dude ?
- What do you need? - We want some . . .
Is this annoying?
Offensive, right? Rude?
Would you be distracted if someone was like that while you were at work?
oh sorry you don 't have a job
swallow you

no oh trendy guy
Don 't think we 're a bunch, we have nothing in common, I wear a wool cap because it 's cold
You 're wearing a beanie because of Coldplay
Tattooed to irritate your dad my dad didn 't even know he was my dad
In the end, do you think this voice is calling people to serve? I think it 's . . .


This sound makes me cold
Where 's the other waiter, that Russian, we want some paprika
please give us some
Girls, that 's the right attitude
P a u l i n a !
- too . . . great - oh sorry i didn 't know you were resting
- i need some paprika - here
oh good
Excuse me, what about the waiter I called?
here she comes ( orgasm )

-= Eden Subtitle Station http://ytet.org/=- Honorary Produced
Translation: asabe mouth mouth penny proofreading: ou fart Timeline: with Yu Zeqian
E a r l
- Earl! Made your favorite red velvet cake - my little sweetheart brought me a cake
- I 'll give you money - not free for your birthday
- How old are you ?
-   7 5
Earl if only you were three years younger
Max Max news new boss fires the Russian waiter Paulina
After a long time, the big breasted girl turned out to be a man
- Hey, it 's getting paid.- I have something to tell you
- Han you fried Paulina? - I 'm not Han Lee anymore
In order to adapt to the changing environment, I changed my name to an American
When adapting to the 'this' changing environment, you need to pay attention to the immigration test
To adapt to 'this' changing environment
B ryce ? You changed your name to B ryce Lee ?
Wait a moment. . .
How about not recruiting new waiters?
I do all the work anyway and I really need some extra money - you need help - I don 't
- Everyone needs help sometimes - I don 't
I 've been a waiter all my life (I 've waited all my life)
Served in restaurants, served in bars, and waited for pregnancy test results at home
I hired a new waiter, she works in a fancy restaurant in Manhattan, and I gave her Paulina 's uniform
Mr. Lee isn 't me complaining but someone wore this uniform just wore it
Can you give me something else? A little less wet?
And this mustard yellow doesn 't really match my skin tone, let alone these mustard stains . . .
There are other stains and tastes hope it 's just clam chowder . . .
I think it 's for everyone 's sake and for my health
I won 't change my clothes. Just put on an apron. This is from Chanel.
Thanks, let 's get to work
No matter what it is, it doesn 't belong to this small restaurant. It should be a dog blood drama at all.
But she 's blond and shiny hair is good for business
Where the hell did you get these guys? Russian prostitutes and former addicts
You train her because I 'm the boss 'big' boss
ok but you gotta put her in uniform
Can 't get that addict back? She cleans really well
But all her teeth fell out
People can 't understand what they look like?
I only said it once, listen carefully
My name is Caroline and your name is Max ?
It 's almost like this is Han Lee 's Williamsburg restaurant, he just changed its name to Bryce Lee
Presumably to make people disrespect him even more. He bought the restaurant from a Russian hooligan 8 months ago.
Most of the clients were Eastern European gangsters and drug prostitutes and it was ruined when he took over.
hi big sister
You are so beautiful today that I forgot your bad temper
thanks O leg hey pretty girl

That 's O leg and he 'll keep teasing you desperately
He has absolutely no idea what he looks like and I can 't bear to tell him - Can you give us the menu? - Of course you can

don 't smile
If you laugh, I have to laugh too
That 's Earl and we 're in love
Don 't talk to him unless you think you 're not white enough
That stain bar isn 't clam chowder
go get the ketchup ( let ketchup marry )
Just put the ketchup and go

Ok now let the ketchup divorce
Stop and stop, you didn 't separate the ketchup at all
i did
Look at the way you entertain yourself with ketchup and expect me to believe you?
T emple Grandin : Zoologists with Asperger 's Syndrome are very autistic
I have to tell Lee
- Okay I edited my resume. - Grooming? What nonsense?

I really need this job, our family has no money.
My trust fund is being used to pay for lawyers and my dad is in jail
Who do you think you are Martin Channing 's daughter?
What about newspapers?
Martin Channing ? It 's your dad who ransacked the whole city ?
He said business was good this year, you 're Caroline C hanning
- you are a billionaire - once was once a billionaire
All assets are frozen now there is nothing
I can only grab a handful of things, but I can 't grab the right ones
- So you know the president? - Met him
- He 's handsome. - He 's the president.
- Have you been to Switzerland? - Yes
- do you have a horse? - yes
- Do you know Paris Hilton? - She 's worth a few million if you don 't know her
2 cups of hot chocolate, please
- come on - that . . . please let me come
I learned something quickly and graduated from Wharton
- I scored 2300 on the SAT (out of 2400) - Can you make hot chocolate?
nailed it
Tip evenly give me yours

better than i thought
I just thought of a way to make extra money
Those Red Velvet Cupcakes Are Insanely Low Priced
Don 't you think it 's wrong to say that in Manhattan it 's at least $7 so we can sell it for $7?
It 's not our fault that the fool who makes the cake doesn 't understand the market
I 'm the fool who makes cakes
I just know
This is so blind that no one will pay 7 bucks for my cake
Really? Look. . . .

At least you are biological
How did you come to Brooklyn? I went to monster net (job search site)
Type in 'a place no one on the Upper East Side will ever go to' and this restaurant pops up
You can 't hang around here in fine leather, you have to do it the other way around
The fur is so good, turn it back

where do you live ?
Our house was taken over by the bank so . . .
Should I show sympathy now?
I 'm not forcing you, but you know that good-hearted people are usually cold-blooded
It 's obvious
I went to the city to stay at a friend 's house
I live a few blocks away over there
I should accompany you to the subway station, but I don 't want to understand
OK

Why is the music so loud?

- It 's three in the morning - sorry

nothing what are you doing?
band practicing
Why don 't you have a musical instrument?
This is practice. We practice in our minds while listening to other people 's good music.
like 'secret'
I also have a secret to tell you guys out!


- you 'd better go. - we should go.
sorry guys i still have to make cupcakes
Cupcakes? Why make it? Just buy it from the store
Do it again in the morning, go to bed dear
No, I 'm going to the city at 10 tomorrow morning
All right
give you 3 minutes
Ok 8 pack abs give you 8 minutes

Please be careful


Well this wish can be taken off the list
I have a stun gun!
My goodness
I 'm so sorry didn 't expect it to be that strong it 's pink
It doesn 't feel weak at all!
I don 't know if you thought I was raped
That 's not what it feels like to be raped
You . . . you sleep on the subway? I have nowhere to go and I dare not sleep on the street
God you are so spoiled
Next stop Greenpoint

Grab your stuff and take you to my house, but I have to be in town in 30 minutes



Call me

God, you 've been robbed!
- That 's how it was - oh my god, it 's so cute!
Okay, I 'll be back at four and we can go to work together
The bathroom bedroom boyfriend sleeps in it until 4 o 'clock in the yard
oh you have a yard
Seems like a great place to relax and have a smoke
indeed
I have to go. I have a job in town. I 'm running late.
- You have two jobs? - Raising kids for a social queen in Manhattan
Now I have to serve two queens

sorry for being late
Thank goodness you 're here The kids smell like a suburban redneck driving me crazy
- I guess it 's time for a diaper change - again?
I swear it was so hard when the nanny just switched to being a mom in the morning
Max what is my twitter password?
- 'Twitter Password' - That 's right!
hello Brad hello Angelina
Max since we 're family I have something to tell you
Pour me a glass of room temperature water and come here
We are victims of Channing 's Ponzi scheme
I David and B rangelina how much did you lose?
hold my hand
No loss but I 'm so freaked out
Open it for me?
- Do you know Caroline Channing? - Not only does she have nothing
She 's out of money, can you imagine what it 's like to be out of money? What 's there to hope for when she 's out of money?
Tweet this
And no one will talk to her anymore
I heard she went to 6 friends ' houses to stay overnight and they all pretended she wasn 't home
- It 's not authentic - it 's not
- I 'm sorry for her- I 'm so sorry my heart is broken
Becoming a mother makes me so sentimental
Max I want to hug my baby and bring one over here

It 's not good enough to replace this one


Hello
sorry for waking you up
- who are you ?
- Max 's friend
Don 't tell her I say that and she won 't stab me
What are you standing there for?
I want to wash work clothes to look good, don 't be so rigid
Look at it!
I 'm sorry, do you have a towel or rag?
leave it to me
All right

- call me Ro obbie - you call me uncomfortable
- you got me wet - purpose accomplished

- You 're Max 's boyfriend - it 's alright
No wonder, go away, embroidery macho

You are so sad to be relegated to being criticized by homeless people who wear white after Labor Day in the United States Labor Day First Monday in September marks the end of summer White that symbolizes summer is banned
I 've seen better lines, you lie

Why didn 't you wait for me? Didn 't we say we were going to be together?
I want to come early to combine the ketchup
I heard something about you today. I 'm very upset
What did he say that I took the initiative?
- Who is he? - Nobody

Is he Robbie ?
It 's none of my business but he doesn 't deserve you
yes it 's none of your business
I just had some sympathy for you
I 'm just saying you can find a better one
Why should I trust you?
Resume Fake Cupcake Fake You 're a Liar
I just want to help you
Since you know everything, why not bring your Wharton degree
Find your own way to Max Max with your weird coat, etc.
Opposite the Arcade Fire concert just ended, wish you good luck
Will she come back? Not leaving me and this room full of people?
I 'll say so
You might as well go to the Schwarzeneggers and be a maid
you 're done

so cool
Shake up your tambourine

darling i 'm back
get out before i get back
Baby baby listen to me explain you shouldn 't be home at this time
- Some say you 're not good enough for me - who? That blonde?
What does she know?
She attended Wharton and went to Switzerland


look at it
The girl is working hard, even harder than Hawking wearing a cuff.
- Come and let me get it for you - I don 't need it
everyone needs help


I didn 't order it
This is Caroline. She may have made the wrong order, but she did say a few things right.


- thank you - no thank you
- What the hell do you like about him? - He has muscle grooves.
- Those two? - Yeah.
I don 't know what that thing is called, but a smart girl will be stupid
Max ! I thought you wouldn 't come to work with your ass twisted tonight

You know O leg ? I love to hear it


That . . . I need a roommate if you want to come live
Don 't lie to you, the subway is cleaner than your sofa

I found out that I 'm starting to see you
- Really? I really feel like we... . .
- I knew I wouldn 't see you for long
bring it on
Let 's go to the city tomorrow and get your other stuff
it 's all sealed
Don 't have anything we can take that you like?
have the same
Strange that no one stopped us
It 's cheaper to keep it here than to leave it in the stable
When did you think of raising a horse in my yard?
Can 't see the opportunity and do it like your cake
What 's wrong with my cake?
Listen, we only need 250,000 to start a cake shop
Rent a storefront to buy basic equipment
- Yeah only 250,000? - Yeah
Did you kick the horse in the head when I went to Starbucks to buy coffee?
After listening to me, if we both worked two jobs and earned more than 2,000 a week, we would be able to open a store.

We made $387 in the past two days. Good start
We can do other things to make some money

Your self-esteem needs a good improvement
So if you make cakes, I have a business background and we are equal to success, what do you think?
- I think you have a horse - I think we both have a horse

don 't love me
The subtitles of this forum are only for translation, communication and learning. Any commercial use is prohibited, otherwise the consequences will be at your own risk.
Translation: asabe mouth mouth penny Proofreading: European butt

