
0 0 : 0 0 : 1 9 , 9 6 0 - - &gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 2 0 , 8 8 0 ‎ ok ok ok


‎ talk to me‎ hello

‎ tell me what you are doing to me
‎ We 're going to . . . we 're having sex, we 're having sex
‎ and also . . .
‎ Have I been bad lately?
‎ Don 't know you 're bad?
‎ Heck Colin! Say I 'm a dirty bitch
‎ - I don 't know if I want to say that‎ - Say it

‎ Say it!
‎ - Say it! ‎ - Good! you are a cute little bitch

‎ you are cute



‎ Phalanx at attention
‎ Hold the gun!
‎ Salute to General
‎ gun salute
‎ pistol
‎ Not my fault sir the rifle is broken
‎ In this military academy‎ We accept no excuses Grove
‎ Keep practicing‎ Try asking other classmates to help you
‎ I don 't need help sir
‎ Everyone needs to help young people sometimes
‎ The phalanx will turn left
‎ turn left
‎ return to their respective posts
‎ to dissolve
‎ Everyone comes in for breakfast
‎ - Please give it back to me buddy . . . ‎ - What 's the matter?
‎ It 's not fun, give me the hat back
‎ - What 's wrong with him? ‎ - Hey!
‎ give me the hat
‎ - Give me the hat‎ - Don 't feed Grove like pussy Luke!

‎ Well done you idiot!
‎ I 'm sorry
‎ bad luck new arrival
‎ - What? ‎ - hmm it doesn 't matter

‎ ( how to finger )






‎ I 'm going to be late for school
‎ Um. . .
‎ How long are you going to be in there?

‎ - Good morning‎ - Has Jacob moved in?
‎ What 's wrong?
‎ You can use the bathroom now
‎ Honey I 'm currently reading your ‎ Sex and Relationship Education textbook
‎ There is absolutely no mention of female pleasure in it
‎ I want to talk about this at the morning meeting. What do you think?
‎ I don 't know
‎ Otis
‎ I want to hear your opinion please say it
‎ - Why? ‎ - I have not dealt with teenagers‎ You are teenagers

‎ It 's true for me as a teenager‎ but I don 't want my mom talking about sex at my school
‎ There is a sexual health crisis at your school‎ I have an obligation to help
‎ he 's right
‎ - it 's kinda weird ‎ - I mean
‎ My mom is a sexual health expert so it 's not that weird
‎ But that doesn 't mean you should promise them
‎ Would you rather call me 'Mom' at school ‎ or Dr. Milburn?
‎ Don 't think I 'll pretend you don 't exist
‎ Otis

‎ Well try. . .

‎ Try not to . . .
‎ Try not to be so neurotic
‎ that 's scary
‎ and humiliating
‎ I don 't know if my mother is normal. ‎ Try to be more friendly
‎ Anything is fine, don 't embarrass me
‎ Bye dear see you later
‎ Want a smoothie?

‎ don 't want to

‎ My mom is everywhere
‎ As if her mission was to ruin my life
‎ - Have you stayed up all night and handjob again? ‎ - no
‎ I actually know how to handle this
‎ but I didn 't sleep much‎ because I 've been doing research
‎ - Do research? ‎ - Yes
‎ Euler and I kissed that night‎ She kept guiding my hand to touch her
‎ - So I 've been checking . . . ‎ - Fingering!
‎ Please don 't yell 'fingering'

‎ But yeah, she 'll come later‎ I think I 'm fully prepared
‎ Otis is just a vagina not an exam
‎ Actually very complicated
‎ I 've been learning the same thing
‎ - Called 'Clock Trick' ‎ - Omg
‎ Otis, I think you might think too much
‎ She now knows I 'm a sex therapist‎ I can 't go wrong
‎ (Mordel Garden Party Monday Night‎ Sennelly Park)

‎Why did the angel man keep staring at me as if he was planning to kill me?
‎ I don 't know that French people are more neurotic

‎ - good morning fool‎ - oh hey
‎ I have classes at 8:30 and 8:45

‎ Well how do you look so clean?
‎ - What does this mean? ‎ - just observe
‎ You 're too professional in talent class, Maeve
‎ shut up
‎ By the way, after school today, can you do a consultation?
‎ No, I 'm going to the garden party
‎ Don 't you hate flying cars?
‎ Yes but Euler likes to sit . . .
‎ Will you go?
‎ Man is mortal and the playground is just a prank
‎ You are right

‎ Have fun with the smart kids
‎ you are beautiful
‎ - Hey! Are you OK? ‎ - hey i 'm fine

‎ - good‎ - let 's go . . .

‎ hello jackson

‎ Hey I 'm sorry your hand hurt
‎ - At least you don 't have to swim anymore‎ - What are you talking about?
‎ - You said you didn 't want to swim‎ - listen
‎ You 're not my girlfriend anymore, okay?
‎ So you don 't have to pretend to care about me
‎ Whatever you think I said, you got it wrong


‎ Don 't worry you 'll be fine
‎ Can I sit here?
‎ can
‎ Well let 's find somewhere else to sit
‎ no I mean sitting next to you
‎ okay
‎ Raheem sit with us‎ These people are nothing
‎ No, it 's fine for me to sit here, thank you
‎ Good morning to the teachers and students of Model High School
‎ Today we are listening to a talk by a sexual health expert‎ who is reviewing our school 's sex education curriculum
‎ A warm welcome to all of you‎ Ms. Milburn
‎ Hi, I 'm Dr. Milburn
‎ Today I 'm going to be open and honest with you all about sex
‎ sex
‎ We adults know‎ that some of you are already having sex‎ because at your age‎ some of us are having sex, too.
‎ In fact, many of us still have sex
‎ I believe Principal Grove has sex sometimes
‎ So I want you to tell me‎ what you would like your sex education curriculum to include.
‎ Take the initiative

‎ Maybe you want to know about female orgasm

‎ or masturbating each other

‎ Or have you always wondered ‎ Is my labia a normal length?


‎ I would say that . . .
‎ Let 's talk sex babe
‎ Let 's talk about you and me
‎ Don 't you masturbate with zucchini?
‎ Zucchini . . .









‎ In short, there will be an empty box at the front desk
‎ This is anonymous if you have any questions‎ Please post anything you would like to see in the course
‎ - In a Box‎ - Zucchini Masturbator!

‎ ( Model Middle School)
‎ Many thanks to the teachers and students of Model Middle School
‎ I 'm sure everyone would like to thank Ms. Milburn . . .
‎ I 'm sorry it 's Dr. Milburn because of her . . .
‎ I don 't understand why everyone is laughing at this lady she 's fine

‎ Because this is high school

‎ . . . will be held tonight at various price points
‎ - Please be careful . . . ‎ - I 'm Raheem

‎ I 'm Eric‎ Goodbye Eric

‎ Goodbye‎ What happened just now?



‎ - Hi Emily‎ - Good morning Mrs Hendricks
‎ Now I Know Where You Got Your Bad Sex Therapy Techniques From
‎ Want to put a question in?

‎ no thank you

‎ I am usually in charge of answering embarrassing questions
‎ I 'm Colin Hendricks

‎ - You are a sex and relationship education teacher‎ - yes

‎ Principal Grove?
‎ I would love to sit in on one of Colin 's sex and relationship education classes, please
‎ As I have always said Ms. Milburn‎ Our course content is very satisfying
‎ Then if‎ it 's as satisfying as you 've always said, then you shouldn 't mind‎ I sit in on a class.
‎ Of course not

‎ But I 'm sure‎ any question that comes up in this box‎ can easily be answered by Mr. Hendricks, isn 't that Colin?

‎ Absolutely
‎ Yes
‎ I . . . I 'm a sex guru
‎ very good
‎ have a nice day

‎ The school will support your Jackson
‎ We will do everything in our power to support your speedy recovery
‎ Thank you Principal
‎ But‎ both your parents and I felt that for the rest of the semester‎ it would be best to get you an academic counselor
‎ study partner
‎ But my grades are decent
‎ If you 're a pool star‎ your grades are okay, but when you 're not a pool star‎ you have to study as hard as everyone else
‎ Good morning future genius
‎ I am delighted‎ to welcome Maeve Wiley to this class
‎ Please make her feel comfortable
‎ Okay
‎ - Read the 10 Years Later essay‎ - Do I have to read it aloud?

‎ Who wants to come first?
‎ I strive for excellence in everything
‎ The points I get in my extracurricular activities‎ will help me get a place at Oxbridge‎ I 'll be there . . .
‎ Participate in the IFBB Bodybuilding Championships‎ and . . .
‎ so that I can become the Prime Minister of the UK before I turn 30 so I can . . .
‎ Helped me get an Erasmus Fellowship from NYU School of Film and Television‎ and I 'll make investigative documentaries‎ using my . . .
‎ purple penis tentacles
‎ The Greenock West Chronicles is a ‎ grand alien romantic comedy book series‎ that will be adapted into a global film series‎ that will eventually be released in space
‎ good last but equal
‎ It 's your turn, Maeve
‎ My essay is at home, Mr. Shanz, sorry
‎ Maeve 's class is aimed at those who are eager to plan for future optimization opportunities.
‎ Organizational skills are very important
‎ Not an example
‎ Ok thanks to Maeve you can all ‎ go to lunch early

‎ By the way, now that Nigel is back in Australia, the Model 'Think Tank' Quiz Team‎ is looking for new members to join the team and will participate
‎ This year 's National Student Knowledge Competition
‎ Who is interested in representing our school with Wei, Dex and Steve?
‎ Okay everyone want to go?
‎ Okay, I 'll decide to leave the get out of class tomorrow

‎ gosh I just don 't understand‎ why Maeve Wiley came to this class
‎ Are you Vivian Odesanya?
‎ - What 's wrong with me? ‎ - I 'm Jackson Marchetti
‎ I know who you are
‎ okay
‎ Principal Grove said you will tutor me this semester?
‎ - Is it? ‎ - You are clearly the brightest student
‎ Yes, but I 'm busy too
‎ Ok wait
‎ Principal Grove said if you help me ‎ he will give you extra credit
‎ We don 't really have to do anything
‎ Before I go back to the pool‎ I gotta keep Grove happy
‎ - Okay first class tonight‎ - Huh?
‎ Well, but there 's a garden party tonight
‎ Listen to my schedule‎ It is arranged according to optimal time management
‎ love does not come
‎ Six o 'clock on a picnic table
‎ Bring your math homework and don 't be late
‎ Euler looked at me arrogantly before ‎ You should really see
‎ I don 't like her
‎ Why? she looks good
‎ She still misses Otis
‎ It 's nothing to do with Otis, I 've already turned the page
‎ - How is the form? ‎ - Everyone has something they like except me
‎ I hope this form tells me what I really like
‎ - What do you like? ‎ - yes what i like
‎ you like your women 's books
‎ - is feminist‎ - Steve loves his fellowship activities
‎ is a 'think tank'
‎ It 's great to be part of the team
‎ What 's good?
‎ Knowledge is fun‎ It would be amazing if we made it to the final
‎ What does your form say?
‎ It says I should be a baker
‎ Aimee should be a banker
‎ No 'baker' on it
‎ Banker?

‎ I think it 's better to choose 'Baker'
‎ I do like toast

‎ Maeve feels murderous and revolutionary‎ because her hair used to be pink
‎ Is it because she is always with your boyfriend?
‎ not
‎ I just don 't like people like her
‎ how? Do you think it 's weird that they run a sex clinic together?
‎ Yes
‎ How are you and Otis?
‎ very good
‎ Okay, let 's take it slow
‎ it 's good
‎ Sometimes I wish we could go further
‎ Don 't think too much
‎ Has he touched your pussy?
‎ not yet
‎ He just groped around him and didn 't dare
‎ really frustrating
‎ - tell him directly what you want‎ - it will scare him
‎ Human boys are too fragile


‎ - What a fool‎ - What are you laughing at?
‎ nothing
‎ What 's so funny about that?
‎ Luke spilled some water on his pants, looks like he pissed his pants
‎ relax buddy
‎ look at . . .
‎ Hold it with your right hand‎ and slap your left hand up
‎ It also took me a long time to master
‎ Is this possible?
‎ - hmm‎ - hmm

‎ good

‎ good



1 2 points, 3 points, 6 points, 9 points ...
‎ What did you just say?
‎ not saying sorry
‎ Are you cool?

‎ Then open your finger to the 1 2 o 'clock direction
3 points, 9 points




‎ - Like it? ‎ - hmm
‎ - wow‎ - hmm
‎ Are you cool?
‎ very cool
‎ good
‎ too clumsy
‎ he turns his fingers like he 's dialing a 1920s phone
‎ At the same time he muttered words
‎ Then keep looking at the clock on the wall
‎ Like timing yourself or something
‎ You gotta tell him it was bad
‎ It will hurt his feelings
‎ Maybe next time will be better?
‎ I must tell him
‎ - Did you do it? ‎ - hmm

‎ I knew it!
‎ You look so radiant‎ like I knew it when I fingered it!
‎ - tell me the details‎ - it is. . .

‎ I think I might help her get better
‎ - Orgasm? ‎ - yes
‎ Orgasm for the first time?

‎ I used the clock trick‎ and then I didn 't know and I succeeded
‎ - OMG‎ - High tide
‎ I think fingering might be‎ my sexual superpower or something
‎ dude i 'm so proud of you
‎ - thanks dude‎ - let 's celebrate
‎ What to do first?
‎ You don 't think this is good luck for newbies, do you?
‎ no
‎ No, you are definitely the God of Jiaojiao
‎ Omg! They have crazy jungle coming soon


‎ Why am I here? i hate garden parties
‎ You are here‎ because Steve is making up for your stupid ‎ Heavenly class plan, you have to accompany me

‎ - It 's Talent Aimee‎ - That 's what it said to me
‎ - ok‎ - win me a pig
‎ hi
‎ hey

‎ The winner is born
‎ I have to find Otis
‎ You should bring this unyielding drive to the talent class program, Maeve
‎ See you in class tomorrow
‎ I 'll be back soon
‎ Teacher Shanz

‎ I wrote the essay '10 Years Later'
‎ I didn 't know I was going to read it out‎ So I was embarrassed
‎ In 10 years I want to live in a house with big windows
‎ I want the house to be big enough‎ to fit the dining table and four chairs‎ but not so big that I don 't notice‎ how lonely I feel
‎ Because I 'll probably be alone
‎ But with the ability to protect me from outside harm
‎ At the same time, it allows me to observe the window of the world‎ I think loneliness will not be strong
‎ I 'm sorry
‎ I don 't think this class is right for me
‎ Your words are beautiful Maeve
‎ In addition to four chairs and a few windows, you can have bigger dreams
‎ think about it


‎ What?
‎ you 're really not good at this
‎ Do you have a problem with me or what?
‎ it sounds simple
‎ This is the hidden quadratic equation
‎ You need to replace Y
‎ and then reversely replace‎ X

‎ You see no one has explained this to me before
‎ Dating Pythagoras Jackson?
‎ No buddies we are just learning
‎ They are idiots
‎ it doesn 't matter
‎ Statistics show that boys who regularly play ‎ sports at school‎ are more likely to take menial jobs when they grow up
‎ This sounds a bit harsh
‎ No it 's realistic
‎Listen if your hands aren 't good, what 's your backup plan?
‎ Even if your hands are good‎ Statistics show that the peak age of a professional athlete is 21
‎ So it is necessary to learn some other skills
‎ Stats really suck, you know?
‎ Phalanx at attention
‎ pistol
‎ Salute to General
‎ gun salute
‎ pistol
‎ Just Action‎ Great progress Grove
‎ return to their respective posts
‎ to dissolve
‎ - nice job dude‎ - nice dude
‎ - Let 's go ride the ferris wheel‎ - It 's too windy and it ruffles my hair
‎ I may not have made it clear‎ Raheem is going to ride the Ferris wheel
‎ So we 're going to ride the Ferris wheel too
‎ Rahim, you can sit next to me and Anwar on your next trip.
‎ no thank you
‎ What is 'Why sit?' ‎ Because it 's fun
‎ This is the most unsafe ride here
‎ - it 's fun‎ - how do you know it 's fun?
‎ Because I told you it was fun‎ I just know
‎ I will die
‎ - hurry up‎ - here I come . . .



‎ - What is that? really unsafe‎ - calm down
‎ - Eric I 'm sorry I feel so insecure‎ - Oatmeal cake please! return!


‎ it will be fine you are fine
‎ - hello‎ - hi hello


‎ Why can 't he notice me?
‎ Do you think there are vegan hot dogs here?

‎ Could Mill have a chat?

‎ about your . . . biology exam
‎ What biology exam teacher?
‎ Not really about exams‎ No exams listen to me

‎ I heard rumors that you are very good at dealing with relationships
‎ I desperately need some advice
‎ Yes, I have a Spanish-speaking friend‎ I have absolutely no idea what she 's saying
‎ she would say 'hello' like that‎ I thought she was saying
‎ ' Shakira . . . '
‎ I don 't speak Spanish teacher
‎ I can 't speak dirty words
‎ I feel ashamed

‎ Well. . . ‎ Sometimes we feel naked when we learn a new skill
‎ Right? If you don 't have a basic understanding of a foreign language, you will definitely not go to a foreign country.

‎ You might as well write a script for yourself‎ Practice how to say it until you are comfortable with it
‎ The point is that you need to work hard‎ Step by step to meet her requirements
‎ Do you think it makes sense?
‎ Yes
‎ thank you master
‎ How much £25 should I give you?


‎ - or £500? ‎ - Don 't give me money
‎ Don 't mention it again
‎ no problem

‎ What are some interesting landmarks around here?
‎ There 's nothing interesting to see around here

‎ boring
‎ sorry
‎ Only boring people get bored
‎ ' Your heart seems to be on fire
‎ The moon is alive and vivid under your skin '
‎ What?
‎ The focus is on finding beauty in the world

‎ is a poem by Pablo Neruda

‎ I don 't know her

‎ - bye‎ - bye
‎ I think you poked the duck too hard Otis
‎ Maybe you should be gentler ‎ Maybe a little slower
‎ Great! Look I 'm ticked . . . look
‎ Thank you . . . Mr.

‎ for you
‎ - All right‎ - tell him
‎ ok thank you
‎ I have to tell you something
‎ good
‎ Ok I . . .
‎ I really don 't like . . .
‎ goldfish
‎ for you
‎ - ok‎ - yes
‎ ok thank you

‎ Hey want to play at my house?
‎ - we can you know . . . ‎ - don 't want to
‎ Listen I have a lot of homework to do
‎ - Actually I have to go now‎ - Okay
‎ - But thanks for the bear . . . dog‎ - thanks for the fish
‎ goodbye


‎ My friend 's boyfriend doesn 't know how to finger her
‎ I 'm off work, sorry
‎ he really sucks
‎ Ask your friend 's boyfriend‎ Check out 'Clock Tips'
‎ It may seem a bit complicated at first, but once you get it right it can be amazing
‎ It 's you, you 're my friend 's boyfriend
‎ Your fingering technique is poor
‎ Don 't tell Euler that this is what I said. . . . ‎ Find a solution

‎ I can talk dirty

‎ I 'm going to do something dirty to you
‎ for me to make you flood
‎ You will feel like your water has broken
‎ - what? ‎ - I will fuck you
‎ Get you fired for being late for work tomorrow‎ and completely ruin your life

‎ Wait a minute this isn 't right . . . is it right?



‎ it 's useless
‎ Is it?

‎ take your stuff

‎ follow us


‎ Here 's to you and you 'll be warm
‎ Are you homesick?
‎ I felt homesick when I first arrived
‎ yes
‎ - He used to cry every night looking for his mother‎ - I didn 't

‎ I kinda miss my mom but . . . ‎ - don 't miss my dad he . . . ‎ - is a jerk?


‎ Yes, my dad is a jerk too
‎ My dad is a jerk
‎ still fierce
‎ Let all murderous dads die
‎ Let them die!

‎ Let all daddies die
‎ - Do you have a girlfriend? ‎ - Yes
‎ Her name is Aimee
‎ big boobs
‎ Do you like big breasts or hips?
‎ I like my elbows

‎ - I love you‎ - wait darling
‎ I 'm not training my mom
‎ Still gotta stay in shape, you 'll be swimming soon
‎ What if I stop swimming?
‎ Maybe I should take up a new hobby or something
‎ But your hands will be fine
‎ - yes‎ - right?
‎ - yes‎ - ok
‎ go
‎ - have a good day today‎ - well you too

‎ What should I do?

‎ About Fingering You Might Be Asking the Wrong Person Dude
‎ I don 't know
‎ show you
‎ thank you
‎ thank you
‎ At first he stared at me like he wanted to kill me ‎ Then he said I was bored and now he gave me books
‎ - maybe he just wants to be your friend‎ - maybe he is a serial killer
‎ Is this the right thing to do?
‎ I have to find someone who understands vaginas
‎ your mother
‎ - I 'm not kidding‎ - No Otis your mother is here


‎ Good Luck Fingering God

‎ ( Societies)

‎ I 'm casting a wide net, you should audition
‎ (Are you a star? ‎ 'Romeo and Juliet')
‎ I 'm not interested in this
‎ Thank you anyway
‎ But you 're acting all the time
‎ You may also get a sword
‎ No hats allowed
‎ Take it back to the dormitory
‎ hurry up

‎ Your hat is still . . . here I am

‎ we are not gay or something
‎ to me thinking about my girlfriend
‎ I 'm thinking your girlfriend is . . . ‎ the one with the big boobs
‎ I won 't say it out
‎ I need your advice
‎ I really. . .
‎ My fingering sucks very sucks
‎ My girlfriend is clearly avoiding me
‎ please help me
‎ okay
‎ but only because I pity you
‎ show me how you do it
‎ I was about to eat
‎ You want me to . . .

‎ Well . . .
‎ sorry
‎ I . . .
‎ I first
‎ I start at 1 2 o 'clock‎ and go to 3 o 'clock‎ and then go back to 6 o 'clock
‎ So much juice and then to the 9 o 'clock direction
‎ Congratulations you can read the clock

‎ Then I continue clockwise‎ and then turn over and counter clockwise
‎ So you dick in her vagina
‎ Why follow the clock direction?
‎ - it 's a trick‎ - weird
‎ continue
‎ I 'll continue what I just did. . . .
‎ Then I spread my fingers out‎ Like this this . . .

‎ - Then keep pushing hard . . . ‎ - Stop poking
‎ It 's not that I 'm not poking around
‎ I think I should know very well that this is my orange
‎ Actually this is my orange

‎ - That 's absurd sorry‎ - Listen . . .
‎ There is no magic trick that works for all women
‎ Every orange is different‎ But you shouldn 't ask me‎ You should ask your girlfriend
‎ Flexibility to adapt to her oranges

‎ Okay, let 's talk here
‎ thank you
‎ Alright everyone
‎ It 's Question Time for Sex and Relationship Education
‎ okay?
‎ Take a look at this crate . . .


‎ it doesn 't matter

‎ okay
‎ Will I get pregnant if I 'm just jerking off for each other?

‎ okay
‎ Pregnancy occurs only when sperm and egg meet‎
‎ So the answer is no
‎ good
‎ very good


‎ My boyfriend doesn 't want to wear a condom
‎ What should I do?

‎ gosh
‎ Condoms can prevent egg conception
‎ - ok‎ - teacher
‎ What about gay sex?
‎ Same-sex sex does not lead to pregnancy
‎ But what about pleasure?
‎ People don 't necessarily go to bed to have children



‎ What did I just say? egg . . .
‎ Which lubricant do you recommend for anal sex?
‎ Water-based lubricants should be used
‎ Oil-based products break down latex in condoms
‎ sorry for answering the previous question first‎ no matter how persistent the partner is‎ not using birth control
‎ Remember that you have the right to refuse at any time
‎ anytime
‎ very good
‎ Ms. Milburn?
‎ Have you collected enough information to write a report?
‎ Honestly Principal Grove‎ I am surprised at the lack of sexual knowledge among students
‎ I will learn more about the students and their needs in the coming weeks
‎ The board would not necessarily agree to such an extreme approach
‎ I told Maxine Tarrington she agreed
‎ Looking forward to working with you Principal Grove
‎ For heaven 's sake!
‎ Did you know? ‎ Requires sugar, flour and oven to bake
‎ You can 't pour it all in at once, you have to follow the rules
‎ call it a recipe
‎ Hey Maeve you 're the newest member of the think tank high five
‎ don 't let me down
‎ Hey, have you seen Euler?
‎ - Maeve has joined the quiz team‎ - oh well
‎ If you see Euler and tell her I 'm looking for her
‎ Are you happy baby?
‎ I seem to still have feelings for Otis
‎ I keep saying that
‎ gosh your mom is amazing
‎ She talks about anal sex in front of Principal Grove
‎ - Jane brought me back to life‎ - It 's not a good thing Eric
‎ I think Raheem is gay
‎ it makes sense

‎ stares at you always wants to sit next to you‎ gives you books he might like you

‎ Otis I don 't think so
‎ Read the signal Eric I have to go

‎ Teacher! i got it wrong
‎ You should be flexible according to her 'orange'
‎ Hear what she 's talking about
‎ This is how you can learn Spanish
‎ Good luck!
‎ This is an apple





‎ hi
‎ I know my fingering sucks
‎ I was so busy getting things right‎ that I didn 't listen to you
‎ We don 't need to do this anymore
‎ or. . .
‎ I can tell you what I like

‎ Can you explain why you like me talking dirty? That way I 'll figure it out
‎ I bought dipping sauce if I didn 't want to explain
‎ Lots of dipping sauces
‎ I feel all day ‎ I 'm an old-fashioned teacher so. . . ‎ When I get home I want to escape the feeling. . .
‎ Like a bitch?
‎ not
‎ Colin I don 't care what you say
‎ I just . . . ‎ want to feel sexy

‎ So it doesn 't matter what you say

‎ Spatula
‎ pepper grinder
‎ Milk Frother‎ Ice Cream Scoop


‎ Tomato puree!

‎ Tomato puree!
‎ Say it again! Tomato puree . . .
‎ Sauce!




‎ That 's not mine
‎ They framed me
‎ Why do they do this?
‎ Is this yours?

Left, right, left, right ...
Left, right, left, right ...

‎ I lied
‎ I lied about the marijuana not mine
‎ They want to get me fired‎ because they are gay
‎ sir
‎ Yes
‎ A lot of people at this academy are gay
‎ But some things are better not to admit
‎ So I don 't have to . . . ‎ go home?
‎ You are found in possession of drugs Adam
‎ I 'm sorry


‎ That 's your last chance for a formal education
‎ If you make another mistake, get out of this house
‎ Got it?



‎ Subtitle translation: Yang Haixia
