0 0 : 0 0 : 1 9 , 9 6 0 - - &gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 2 0 , 8 8 0 ‎ so comfortable‎ ok



‎ talk to me‎ hello

‎ Say what you 're doing to me
‎ we 're going to . . . we 're having sex‎ we 're having sex
‎ Then . . .
‎ Am I bad?
‎ I don 't know, do you have it?
‎ Omg, Colin, call me a slutty bitch
‎ - I 'm not sure ‎ - Say it

‎ Say it!
‎ - Say it! ‎ - Okay! you are a cute little bitch

‎ you are cute



‎ Team, Attention!
‎ Gun on the shoulder!
‎ salute
‎ Gun salute!
‎ Gun on the shoulder!
‎ Sir, it 's not my fault, this Laifu is broken
‎ Grove, we don 't accept excuses here
‎ Keep practicing‎ Ask your peers for advice
‎ Sir, I don 't need
‎ Kids, everyone always needs
‎ Team turn left
‎ Turn left!
‎ Back to their respective posts
‎ Disband!
‎ Let 's go have breakfast
‎ - Please, give it back. . . ‎ - What 's the matter?
‎ It 's not funny, give me the hat back
‎ - What happened to him? ‎ - hey
‎ Give me the hat
‎ - Give the hat back‎ - Luke, you coward, Grove

‎ Good catch, you idiot
‎ sorry
‎ New arrival, count you as bad

‎ yes

‎ ( how to finger )






‎ I 'm going to be late for school
‎ yes
‎ How long are you going?

‎ - Good Morning‎ - Has Jacob moved in?
‎ No, what 's wrong?
‎ The toilet is ready to use
‎ Son, I read your sex education textbook
‎ There is no mention of female pleasure in it
‎ I want to talk to you at today 's rally‎ What do you think?
‎ I don 't know
‎ Otis
‎ I want to hear your opinion
‎ - Why? ‎ - I 've never worked with teens‎ and you 're a teen

‎ That 's right, I 'm a teen who doesn 't want my mother to talk about sex at my school
‎ Now there is a major crisis in the sexual health of students‎ I should have come forward
‎ He has a point
‎ - that 's kind of weird‎ - I mean
‎ My mom is a sexual health expert‎ so it 's not that weird
‎ But that doesn 't mean you should agree
‎ Do you want to call me Mom at school‎ or Dr. Milburn?
‎ Don 't want to, I 'll pretend you don 't exist
‎ Otis

‎ All right, you just... . .

‎ Try not to . . .
‎ Don 't be too direct
‎ will scare people away
‎ It 's really embarrassing
‎ I don 't know, Mom, you should be more normal‎ Be more approachable
‎ Anyway, don 't embarrass me
‎ Goodbye, son, see you later
‎ Would you like a glass of vegetable juice?

‎ no

‎ My mom is really everywhere
‎ Her mission seems to be to ruin my life
‎ - Are you shooting all night? ‎ - no
‎ I can actually control
‎ But I didn 't get enough sleep because I had to study one thing
‎ - Research? ‎ - yes
‎ Euler and I were kissing one night‎ She kept guiding my hand to her . . . over there
‎ - So I 've been checking . . . ‎ - Fingering!
‎ please don 't yell fingering

‎ But yes‎ She 's coming later, I think I should be ready
‎ Otis, this is a vagina, not an exam
‎ This is actually super complicated
‎ I learned something called
‎ - Clock Fingering Stuff‎ - OMG
‎ Otis, I think you think too much
‎ Now she knows I 'm a personality therapist‎ I can 't leak
‎ (Moorday Festival, this Monday night‎ at Senari Park)

‎Why does the angel man look at me like he wants to kill me?
‎ I don 't know, French people are very direct. . .

‎ - good morning pig head‎ - hey
‎ We have clinics at 8:30 and 8:45

‎ Well, why do you look so refreshing?
‎ - What does it mean? ‎ - just my observation
‎ By the way, it 's because of the gifted class, really professional, Maeve
‎ shut up
‎ By the way, can you still consult after class today?
‎ No, I 'm going to Morday
‎ I thought you hated rides
‎ Yes, but Euler loves . . .
‎ Will you go?
‎ Playgrounds are just a temporary reminder of the inevitability of death
‎ Makes sense

‎ Have fun with the gifted, you look great
‎ - Hey, how are you? ‎ - I 'm fine

‎ - That 's nice‎ - Should we . . .

‎ Hi Jackson

‎ I 'm sorry your hand hurt
‎ - At least you don 't have to swim anymore‎ - What are you talking about?

‎ - You said you don 't want to swim anymore‎ - Maeve, listen
‎ You are not my girlfriend anymore
‎ So you don 't have to pretend to care about me
‎ Whatever you think I said‎ it 's not true


‎ Don 't worry, it 'll be alright
‎ Can I sit here?
‎ Of course
‎ We find somewhere else to sit
‎ No, I want to sit next to you
‎ Of course
‎ Racine, you can sit with us‎ They are ordinary
‎ No, I 'll just sit here, thank you
‎ Good morning, Morday folks
‎ Today we have a Sexual Health Specialist ‎ She was tasked with reviewing the school 's sex education curriculum
‎ please welcome‎ Miss Milburn
‎ Hi, I 'm Dr. Milburn
‎ Today I want to start an open conversation‎ The topic is sex
‎ sex
‎ We adults know‎ that some of you are having sex‎ because some of us are having sex at your age.
‎ In fact, many of us also have sex
‎ I 'm sure Principal Grove has sex occasionally
‎ So I hope you can tell me what you would like to see in the syllabus
‎ Take the lead

‎ Maybe you want to know more about female orgasm

‎ or mutual masturbation

‎ Maybe you 've always wondered that the length of your labia is not normal


‎ I mean. . .
‎ Let 's talk about sex
‎ come talk about you and me
‎ Didn 't you masturbate with a cucumber?
‎ Cucumber . . .









‎ Anyway. . . there will be an empty box at the reception
‎ If you have any questions, feel free to ask anonymously‎ What would you like to see in the syllabus
‎ - You can write it all down‎ - You masturbate with a squash!

‎ Many thanks to all of you Morday
‎ Let 's thank Milburn Jr. . . .
‎ Sorry. . . Dr. Milburn, she. . .
‎ I don 't understand why everyone is laughing at that lady‎ She is so nice

‎ Because this is high school

‎ This evening, the cost varies
‎ - Be careful . . . ‎ - I 'm Racine

‎ I 'm Eric‎ Goodbye, Eric

‎ break away‎ What does that mean?



‎ - Emily, how are you‎ - Good morning, Mrs. Henrix
‎ Now I Know Where Your Turtle Feet Sex Therapy Skills Come From
‎ Would you like to ask a question?

‎ No, thanks

‎ Usually I 'm the one who answers the awkward question
‎ I 'm Colin Henrix

‎ - You are the teacher of sex education‎ - That 's right

‎ Principal Grove?
‎ I would love to watch Colin 's sex education class
‎ Miss Milburn, as I said‎ our syllabus is perfect
‎ If it 's as perfect as you say, then you won 't mind, let me watch it
‎ Of course not

‎ But I 'm sure all the questions in this box‎ can easily be answered by Mr. Henrix, right? Colin

‎ Of course
‎ That 's right
‎ I 'm a master of sex
‎ very good
‎ go first

‎ The school will do everything to support you, Jackson
‎ We will do everything in our power to get you well as quickly as possible
‎ Thank you principal
‎ But‎ both your parents and I thought that until the end of the semester‎ it would be best to find a tutor for you
‎ Companion Reading
‎ But my grades are okay
‎ If you 're a great swimmer‎ that 's okay of course‎ but you don 't swim now‎ You have to work as hard as everyone else
‎ Good Morning, Future Leaders
‎ Glad to have Maeve Willie join us
‎ Please make her feel comfortable
‎ good
‎ - Let 's read the 'Ten Years Later' composition aloud‎ - Read aloud?

‎ Who wants to start first?
‎ I try my best in everything
‎ The points I get for my extracurricular activities‎ will allow me to apply to Oxford or Cambridge‎ and then I will . . .
‎ while participating in an IFBB ‎ bodybuilding championship. . . .
‎ Allowing me to focus on my goal of becoming Prime Minister of the United Kingdom at 30 . . .
‎ Got a new Erasmus scholarship‎ and got into NYU 's TV and film department‎ Then I 'm going to make an investigative documentary‎ I 'll use . . .
‎ purple penis tentacles
‎ The Legend of Galenassi is an epic tale of alien love, which will also be adapted into a series in the future, and will eventually be released in space
‎ Well, the last but equally important one
‎ Maeve, it 's your turn
‎ I forgot my composition at home‎ Mr. Shanz, sorry
‎ Maeve, this class is for students who want to plan their future well and maximize their chances of success
‎ Organizational skills are also important
‎ Don 't make this mistake again
‎ Thanks to Maeve, everyone can ‎ go to lunch early

‎ By the way, because Nigel moved back to Australia‎ Moorday Quiz Club is looking for new members‎ Join a team
‎ This year 's National Student Quiz Championship
‎ Who wants to join Wei, Dex and Steve‎ to represent the school?
‎ Well, everyone has a will, right?
‎ Then I will make a decision tomorrow, class

‎ I really don 't understand why Maeve Willie is here
‎ Are you Vivienne Otisanya?
‎ - I am, what 's wrong? ‎ - I 'm Jackson Marchetti
‎ I know who you are
‎ good
‎ Principal Grove‎ Will you be my tutor this semester?
‎ - Is it? ‎ - Because you 're smart
‎ Yes, but I 'm also busy
‎ etc
‎ Principal Grove transcribes what you taught me‎ and he will give you extra credit
‎ Actually, we don 't really need to study together
‎ As long as the principal is satisfied before I go back to the pool
‎ - Well, the first class is tonight‎ - Okay?
‎ But tonight is Morday
‎ My itinerary‎ is to maximize the use of time
‎ or not
‎ Picnic table, six o 'clock
‎ Bring your math homework, don 't be late
‎ You should see Euler 's proud look just now
‎ I don 't like her
‎ Why? she looks good
‎ She can 't forget Otis
‎ This has nothing to do with Otis, I 've long forgotten him
‎ - How is your form going? ‎ - Everyone has something to do except me
‎ I hope this form tells me what I have to do
‎ - What should you do? ‎ - yeah
‎ you have those feminine books
‎ - Feminism‎ - Steve has his puzzle mind
‎ Quiz
‎ Joining the quiz team is really cool
‎ Where 's the best?
‎ Those facts are interesting in their own right, and making it to the finals would be a big deal
‎ What does your form say?
‎ It said I should be a baker
‎ Amy, probably a banker
‎ No bakers on it
‎ Banker?

‎ I 'd better be a baker
‎ I really like toast

‎ Maeve just dyed her hair pink ‎ She thought she was scary and rebellious
‎ Is it because she always sticks with your boyfriend?
‎ not
‎ I just don 't like her type
‎ Why? Do you think it 's weird that they run a sex clinic together?
‎ weird
‎ So how are you and Otis?
‎ very good
‎ Well, we 're going to take it slow
‎ That 's fine too
‎ It 's just that sometimes I wish I could go faster
‎ Don 't think too much
‎ Did he touch you under it?
‎ not yet
‎ He kind of wandered around ‎ but then got nervous and avoided
‎ It 's a pity
‎ - you just tell him ‎ - it will scare him away
‎ Human boys are fragile


‎ - super stupid‎ - what are you laughing at?
‎ nothing
‎ What 's so funny about that?
‎ Luke spilled the water‎ looks like peeing his pants
‎ you are too tight
‎ listen
‎ Hold the gun in the right hand‎ Stick the left palm on it
‎ It took me a long time to practice
‎ Is it possible?
‎ - hmm‎ - good

‎ good

‎ good



‎ 1 2 o 'clock, 3 o 'clock, 6 o 'clock, 9 o 'clock. . .
‎ Did you just say something?
‎ It 's okay, sorry
‎ Do you like it?

‎ Then parted, then 1 2 o 'clock
‎ 3 o 'clock, 9 o 'clock




‎ - Right? ‎ - hmm
‎ - wow‎ - yeah
‎ Are you comfortable?
‎ super comfortable
‎ good
‎ sucks
‎ He looks like he 's dialing an old-fashioned telephone
‎ While still poking
‎ He was still looking at the clock on the wall
‎ like timing
‎ You gotta tell him the truth
‎ he will be sad
‎ Maybe it will improve next time?
‎ I must tell him
‎ Did you do it?

‎ I knew it!
‎ Seeing you refreshed‎ I knew you had just fingered it!
‎ - Tell Me All‎ - So . . .

‎ I should be doing well
‎ - Did she orgasm? ‎ - hmm
‎ Succeed the first time?

‎ I just followed the clock and hit it
‎ - OMG‎ - Instant orgasm
‎ Maybe my sex superpower is fingering
‎ bro, i 'm so proud of you
‎ - thanks‎ - let 's celebrate
‎ - Which to play first? ‎ - It 's not just my luck, okay?
‎ - No way? ‎ - Of course not
‎ You are definitely a fingering wet
‎ Omg! They have crazy jungle, come on


‎ Why am I here? i hate amusement parks
‎ You are here because Steve is studying hard for ‎ your stupid quality classes ‎ so of course you want to stay with me

‎ - It 's the gifted class, Amy‎ - That 's what I said
‎ - That 's right‎ - Can you win a big pig for me?
‎ hi
‎ hey

‎ The winner is out
‎ I have to find Otis
‎ You should have shown that competitive spirit when you were in G/T, Maeve
‎ See you in class tomorrow
‎ I 'll be right back
‎ Mr. Shanz . . .

‎ I actually wrote the essay 'Ten Years Later'
‎ I didn 't know we were going to read it out‎ so I held back
‎ Ten years from now I want to live in a house with big windows
‎ I hope the kitchen is big enough to have a dining table and four chairs, but not so large that it makes me feel my loneliness
‎ Because I 'll probably be alone
‎ But with the protection of these windows‎ I don 't think this feeling of loneliness will be too uncomfortable
‎ I can still see the world outside
‎ sorry
‎ I should not be suitable for a gifted class
‎ Your writing is beautiful, Maeve
‎ You can dream bigger than four chairs and windows‎
‎ you think about it


‎ What?
‎ You really suck at math
‎ Do you have any opinion on me?
‎ Listen, it 's simple
‎ This is actually a deformation of the quadratic equation
‎ You have to replace Y first
‎ Substitute back ‎ X

‎ No one ever explained this to me
‎ Are you dating Pythagoras? ‎ Jackson
‎ No, we are just studying
‎ they are just kidding
‎ it doesn 't matter
‎ Statistically those men who play on the school team‎ are more likely to be in lower-level jobs as adults
‎ That kind of hurts
‎ No, it 's reality
‎ If your hands are not good‎ What do you have to file?
‎ Even if your hands are good‎ According to statistics, the peak of a professional athlete 's career‎ is at the age of 21
‎ So you better learn other skills too
‎ Statistics really suck
‎ team, attention
‎ Gun on the shoulder!
‎ Salute!
‎ Gun salute!
‎ Gun on the shoulder!
‎You‎ have really improved a lot, Grove.
‎ Back to their respective posts
‎ to dissolve
‎ - well done‎ - hard work
‎ - We 're going to ride on the Ferris wheel‎ - The wind will blow my hair out
‎ Let me make it clearer ‎ Racine is going to ride the Ferris wheel
‎ So we 're going to ride the Ferris wheel too
‎ You can sit with me and Anwar, Racine
‎ No, thanks
‎ Why do we sit, you ask? because it 's fun
‎ This is the most dangerous of all facilities
‎ - this is fun‎ - how do you know?
‎ Because I 'm telling you it 's fun‎ That 's why I know
‎ I 'm dying
‎ - Come here‎ - I am here . . .



‎ - What 's that sound? This is super dangerous‎ - calm down
‎ - Eric, I 'm sorry, I can 't do it‎ - Hey, oatmeal, bring me back


‎ It 's okay to be alone
‎ - hello‎ - hi


‎ - Why doesn 't he pay attention to me? ‎ - Are there any vegetarian hot dogs here?

‎ Milburn, can I talk to you?

‎ is about . . . your biology exam
‎ Teacher, what biology exam?
‎ Not really an exam, no exam at all, listen

‎ I heard that you can solve heart problems
‎ I need professional advice urgently
‎ The problem is that I have a friend who speaks Spanish ‎ but I don 't understand it at all
‎ She would say something like 'Hi . . . ‎ but. . . I only understand. . .
‎ Shakira . . .
‎ Teacher, I don 't speak Spanish
‎ I can 't say anything sensational in bed
‎ I feel ashamed

‎ Well . . . ‎ When we learn something new ‎ It does sometimes feel uncomfortable
‎ Right? When you travel abroad, you must also have a little understanding of the local language

‎ So why not make a draft‎ and practice slowly until you feel more comfortable
‎ The point is to work hard‎ and slowly approach her
‎ Does this make sense?
‎ makes sense
‎ Teacher, thank you
‎ How to calculate? £25?


‎ - Or £500? ‎ - please don 't pay me
‎ Just stop talking to me about this kind of thing
Fixed

‎ Is there anything fun around here?
‎ Nothing to do around here

‎ boring
‎ sorry
‎ Only boring people get bored
‎ ' You 're on fire
‎ The moon seems to live under your skin '
‎ What did you say?
‎ This poem is about finding beauty in the world

‎ is a poem by Pablo Neruda

‎ I don 't know her

‎ - goodbye‎ - goodbye
‎ I think you 're poking the duck too hard, Otis
‎ Maybe you can be gentle‎ Slow down
‎ Yay! You see, I caught . . . you see
‎ Thanks . . .

‎ for you
‎ - for you‎ - tell him
‎ ok thanks
‎ I have something to tell you
‎ Say it
‎ Well, I . . .
‎ I really don 't like it
‎ goldfish
‎ for you
‎ - okay‎ - yeah
‎ thanks

‎ Are you going to my house?
‎ - We can . . . ‎ - No
‎ Well, I have a lot of homework to do
‎ - Actually I should go now‎ - Okay
‎ - but thank you bear . . . dog‎ - thank you goldfish
‎ good bye


‎ My friend 's boyfriend doesn 't know how to finger
‎ I 'm off work, sorry
‎ he really sucks
‎ call your friend 's boyfriend‎ to check the clock fingering
‎ It 's a bit complicated at first glance, but it works great when you get started
‎ It 's you, you 're my friend 's boyfriend
‎ Your fingering skills suck
‎ Please don 't tell Euler that I said it, but‎ please try hard

‎ I 'm ready to say something sensational

‎ I 'm going to do bad things to you
‎ Yes, I 'm going to get you soaked
‎ As if your amniotic fluid was broken
‎ - what? ‎ - I 'm going to ravage you
‎ Make you late for work tomorrow, I 'm going to get you fired‎ and completely ruin your life

‎ Wait, is this the right thing to do?



‎ This won 't work
‎ Is it?

‎ bring something, come with us


‎ Here you go, this keeps you warm
‎ Are you homesick?
‎ I was very homesick when I first arrived
‎ yes
‎ - He cried every night looking for his mother‎ - No

‎ I kinda miss my mom, but . . . ‎ - don 't miss my dad at all, he 's a . . . ‎ - jerk?


‎ my dad too
‎ My dad is a coward
‎ and sleazy
‎ Let all scumbag daddies die
‎ Go to hell!

‎ Let all daddies die
‎ - Do you have a girlfriend? ‎ - Yes
‎ Her name is Amy
‎ big tits
‎ Are you a chest control or an ass control?
‎ I like my elbows

‎ - love you‎ - wait, son
‎ I 'm not training now, Mom
‎Still be careful‎ You 'll be back in the pool soon
‎ What if I can 't go back?
‎ Maybe I should take up a new hobby?
‎ But your hands will recover
‎ - hmm‎ - right?
‎ - yes‎ - good
‎ go
‎ - good day to you‎ - you too

‎ What should I do?

‎ You 're asking the wrong person, bro
‎ I don 't know, damn
‎ Here 's to you
‎ thanks
‎ thank you
‎ First he looked like he wanted to kill me‎ Then he said I was bored, now lend me the book
‎ - maybe he just wants to be your friend‎ - or he 's a teenage serial killer
‎ This is no small matter, okay?
‎ I have to find a vagina specialist
‎ your mother
‎ - I mean it ‎ - No, Otis, your mother is here


‎ Good luck, fingering wet


‎ I 'm looking for talent, you should come audition
‎ (Are you a star? Romeo and Juliet)
‎ This is not for me
‎ Thanks anyway
‎ But you 're always acting
‎ And you probably still have a sword
‎ No hats allowed
‎ Go back to the dormitory and put it away
‎ go

‎ Your hat . . . has not been returned to you

‎ We are not Jiajia
‎ Yes, I was thinking of my girlfriend
‎ I 'm thinking of your girlfriend‎ The one with big tits
‎ I will keep it a secret
‎ I need your advice
‎ I really. . .
‎ Very bad at fingering, I suck
‎ Plus my girlfriend is hiding from me
‎ please help me
‎ ok
‎ but only because I pity you
‎ show me how you do it
‎ I 'm about to eat
‎ You want me to . . .

‎ Well . . .
‎ sorry
‎ I just... . .
‎ I started from . . .
‎ 1 2 o 'clock, followed by 3 o 'clock, then back to 6 o 'clock
‎ This orange is so juicy, then 9 o 'clock
‎ congratulations, you will see the time

‎ Then I continue clockwise, then counterclockwise
‎ So you think you 're a DJ brushing
‎ What 's with the clock?
‎ - that 's a fingering‎ - weird
‎ continue
‎ Then I continued the same action. . .
‎ Then separate‎ Like this, this is . . .

‎ - Continue the pressure and then . . . ‎ - stop poking
‎ I don 't, it 's not poking
‎ I should know better than you, this is my orange
‎ Actually mine

‎ - This is ridiculous, sorry‎ - listen
‎ There is no one divine skill that applies to all women
‎ Every orange is different‎ But you shouldn 't ask me, you should ask your girlfriend
‎ You 're going to match her oranges

‎ Okay, we 're done
‎ thank you
‎ All right, everyone
‎ Time for answers to sex education
‎ okay?
‎ Come see what 's in this old box . . .


‎ not important

‎ good
‎ Only Handjobs‎ Can you get pregnant?
‎ good

‎ Fertilization happens only when Mr. Sperm meets Ms. Egg‎
‎ So the answer is no
‎ good
‎ very good


‎ My boyfriend doesn 't want to wear a condom
‎ What should I do?

‎ Mom
‎ Condoms protect eggs from fertilization
‎ - okay? ‎ - teacher
‎ What about gay sex?
‎ Same-sex sex does not make you pregnant
‎ What about pleasure?
‎ Not all sex is for having children



‎ Where did I just say? egg . . .
‎ Which lubricant would you recommend for anal sex?
‎ You should be using a water-based lubricant
‎ Oil-based products can break down the silicone in condoms
‎ Excuse me to answer the previous question‎ No matter how much your partner resists using condoms
‎ You always have the right to say no, remember
‎ cool
‎ Miss Milburn?
‎ Is this enough for you to write a report?
‎ Honestly, Principal Grove‎ I am amazed at your school 's inaction
‎ I will get to know the students in the next few weeks‎ and their needs
‎ I 'm afraid the committee won 't agree
‎ I have spoken to Maxine Terrenton‎ and she approved
‎ Looking forward to working with you, Principal Grove
‎ You have no end!
‎ you know‎ you need sugar, flour and oven to bake
‎ It 's not just about stuffing it all in. You have to follow the steps
‎ Yeah, that 's called a recipe
‎ Maeve, you 're a new quiz member ‎ That 's great
‎ don 't let me down
‎ Have you seen Euler?
‎ - Maeve on the Q&amp;A team‎ - Great
‎ When you see Euler, tell her I 'm looking for her
‎ Are you unhappy?
‎ I haven 't forgotten Otis
‎ That 's why I kept talking to you
‎ God, your mom is crazy
‎ She discusses anal sex in front of Principal Grove
‎ - Jane is so inspiring‎ - This is not good news, Eric
‎ And I think Racine is gay
‎ That makes sense

‎ Staring at you, always wanting to sit next to you‎ Borrowing you a book, he should like you

‎ Otis, no
‎ Think about it, Eric, I have to go

‎ Teacher . . . I was wrong, you have to match her oranges

‎ Listen carefully to what she is saying
‎ This is how you can learn Spanish well
‎ good luck
‎ This is apple





‎ hi
‎ I know my fingering sucks
‎ I 'm too busy trying to figure it out, but I didn 't listen to your needs
‎ We don 't have to try again
‎ or. . .
‎ Let me tell you what I want you to do?

‎ Can you tell me why you want to hear sensationalism?
‎ If you don 't want to, I also bought the dipping sauce
‎ A pile of dipping sauce
‎ I feel like a sloppy teacher during the day‎ So when I get home‎ I just want to be free and feel myself
‎ Like a little bitch?
‎ no
‎ Colin, I don 't really care what you say
‎ I just‎ want to feel sexy

‎ So the point is not the literal meaning

‎ Spatula
‎ pepper grinder
‎ Milk Frother‎ Ice Cream Spoon


‎ Eggplant Sauce!

‎ Eggplant Sauce!
‎ Say it again! eggplant. . .
‎ Sauce!




‎ That 's not mine
‎ they framed me
‎ Why would they frame you?
‎ Is this yours?

Left, right, left, right ...
Left, right, left, right ...

‎ I 'm not telling the truth
‎ I lied, the marijuana wasn 't mine
‎ Because they are Jiajia, they want to get me fired
‎ sir
‎ yes
‎ We have a lot of armor here
‎ But some things are better not to be publicized
‎ So I don 't have to‎ go home?
‎ You 've been found in possession of drugs, Adam
‎ I 'm sorry


‎ That 's your last chance for a formal education
‎ If you make trouble again, I 'll kick you out of the house
‎ Got it?



‎ Subtitle translation: Lin Nianzhen
