0 0 : 0 0 : 0 0 , 0 2 0 - -&gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 0 1 , 6 0 0 (in the previous  'Crazy Wife ' . . . ) We got it wrong, they were good guys My bill tells me one of them isn 't

Mrs Huber 's sister is so weird
(Promise made)
I 'll find out what happened to her
(the marriage broke down)
Gabrielle and I are going to have a baby
Having a baby is not negotiable
George , would you like to have dinner with me ?
you mean like dating?
Dating ?
(And the fact. . . )
you burned your opponent 's house on fire
(Rejection approved)
I never did what you said
(Martha Huber has been waiting her whole life for something exciting to happen to her)
(As a child, she hoped to be kidnapped by a group of pirates)
(As a teenager, she hoped to be discovered by Hollywood scouts)
(When she was young, she fantasized about a handsome millionaire who would bow down under her pomegranate dress)
(But as the years go by, nothing that excites her has happened yet)
(until the night she was murdered)
Hi Mrs Huber
P a u l
let me help you
No
please let me come
(At the last moment, she realizes that life is not just monotonous)
(It can also be cruel)
(Fortunately for Huber death is much more merciful)
what do you think ?
the missing woman
Omg. The media will get the news soon
Make sure no one destroys the crime scene
hi ma 'am
You know what, a whole bunch of people are looking for you
You 're about to be on the front page of every newspaper in this state
Is that exciting enough?
(Constable Jackson wasn 't sure, but for a split second) (He thought he saw Martha Huber 's body . . . ) ( Laughs )
- = Eden Forum http: / / www . ydy . com = - Honorary production This subtitle is only for learning and exchange, and is strictly prohibited for commercial use
- = COSL - YTET Group Studio = - Translation: hepburnlss Proofreading: hepburnlss
Episode 12: Small Deaths Every Day
( Death has come to Wisteria Lane again )
I 'm so sorry I have to tell you bad news
we found your sister 's body
(The news of the tragedy will soon spread in the neighborhood) (But now people live their usual lives -- joyfully unaware)
Hello. Is anyone there?
i 'm in the kitchen
good news
I finished my book so I wanted to celebrate that you can take me out to lunch
Hi Susan
Shall we have another day?
E die and I are reviewing plans to rebuild her house
My insurance company is finally paying me next week and only a plumber is what I want
So don 't even think about seeing this guy for a few months.
I 'll take good care of him
If anyone can follow through, he can I should know
Look around
Um, Mike?
M i k e ?
Are we in a hurry
Hi Felicia . What 's the matter ?
E d i e ?
They found Martha
oh ok ok

come on. it will be fun. come with me
Excuse me
What 's up ?
you can 't do that
I 'm here for a yoga meditation class at 10 a.m.
Sorry, the day care center is full
Yeah, I noticed, but I 'm full every time I come
The class was hot and the other moms came earlier
Look, all I can tell you is to come earlier next time
Lauren , I am a mother of four
Today I had to get up at 5 to make lunch, make breakfast, take the twins to school and drag a sick child and a baby across the city
Asking me to come earlier is like asking me to grow wings and stuff like that already makes my head go big and yoga is the only thing that makes me relax
But I came here and can 't get in and you want me to come earlier and it 's a vicious circle
Understand ?
I see
But if I break the rules because of you then I break the rules for the other moms too and the moms who follow the rules get mad at me and I get mad too
Before you know it, I don 't have time for magazines
Understand ?
I hope that one day you will have many children too
Hey ?
Hi Susan . I can 't tell you more now that I 'm--
what ?
I am happy today
Thank you. I am also very happy
I 'm sorry I can 't invite you in for coffee or...
No, I understand .
It would be embarrassing for R ex to still live at home
Yeah, I 'd rather cut off my hand than hurt his feelings
That, um. . . will be a lot easier once he 's recovered enough to move out
So will we have lunch together tomorrow?
very happy
ok. great
Pick me up at one o 'clock, let 's have some fun
see you then
ok. oh, the package
Oh
thanks
Hey
Oh Hi, Lynette
what ?
sir, be careful
hi dear
Welcome home
thanks
walk slowly
come on darling, let 's celebrate
Sorry that 's a bargain, I have to save money
But now that you 're back, we can restock the cellar
cheers
It feels good to be home
what is that ?
It sends a signal to here -- my electronic surveillance system
Didn 't the lawyer tell you?
tell me what ?
I 'm under house arrest, one of the conditions of bail
oh no no he forgot to tell me
If I leave that phone 100 feet away the siren will go off
If I keep going, it sends a signal to the FBI, and I 'm in again
So how do you work?
I can 't. I can 't do anything
Oh no, no, no, that 's unreasonable
How do they let us make money?
Lawyers are working to unfreeze accounts
Also, I said, aren 't you taking modeling jobs?
Carlos , that 's not like I make thousands of dollars a day modeling haute couture in New York
I 'm doing a boat show
8 hours a day like this
Then I will buy two boats from you
Confidence
Won 't you cheer for me?
Welcome home
Hey
嗨, B ree
what ?
If you find anything from your sister 's belongings that might lead to her death
letter or memo, please call me immediately
I believe she used to write a diary, I 'll look for it
look at them
A flock of vultures, pretending to care when all they really want is dirty details
I don 't know. I think they just want to show their support
Please. Humans feed on misery
we better give them what they want
Hello everyone
I want to thank you all for coming and showing sincere sadness and unbelief
My sister Martha would be impressed
I know many of you have questions you want to ask
I just spoke to the police and they are still sorting out the details of the incident
All they know now is that Martha was violently killed.
Oh
Yeah, I know
That 's hard to accept
Looks like there was a fight
They found scratches and bruises on her body, several broken bones, and clay in her lungs . . . which leads us to believe that she was buried alive, most likely in great pain
But the good news is that there is no indication that she was ever sexually assaulted
I think you should go home now to your loved ones
Oh, in lieu of a memorial ceremony I 'll hold a property sale the day after tomorrow
Please - - do not use personal checks
(By the next morning, everyone at Wisteria Lane learned of Martha Huber 's death . . . )
- Hi guys, come see my dead woman- (no exceptions)
- Okay, kids- hi, mom
Did you see this chewing gum?
If you can keep quiet while I 'm downstairs playing cards this is yours. Deal ?
- good- deal
OK. That 's exactly what I wanted to hear. Very good
I mean, what the hell is going on? First Mary Alice, then Mrs. Huber
it 's shocking
Yeah, but this time it was different. Someone was murdered in our streets
I remember talking to her just before she disappeared
Is it? What did you talk about?
In fact, she yelled at me for not putting the trash can in
i will miss her
E d i e
come in
oh, y 'all are here
Yeah, Tuesday is Poker Day
Really? Oh, I love poker
All right
then listen to me
Since that ice queen isn 't going to honor her sister
I decided to take Martha 's ashes to Torch Lake and sprinkle them into the water
That 's where her husband proposed to her
That 's great
Yes
So I thought maybe get some neighbors to go with us and we could have a little ceremony
If anyone needs a map, I have already printed the clothing semi-regular on it
You know, E die, I 'd love to go but, well, I just got back into modeling
Just for fun, I have an exhibition tomorrow
I can 't let their pigeons go
Wish I knew sooner so I could find someone to babysit
Darn , I have to take Reex for an angiogram
Um
So, Mayer? What 's your excuse?
Well, it 's, you know, too busy
Your friends lie better than you
Well, mom 's friends are gone, you can--
Oh oh !
Yeah, I know it hurts but that 's what you deserve for letting your nigga stick bubblegum on your head -- pain and misery
Are you mad at me?
yes. yes i 'm mad at you
Oh oh !
I 'm still irritable. Do you know the consequences of not sleeping?
Moms too, we need downtime, if we don 't get--
I am sorry
We talk and do things we wouldn 't normally do
Oh
That frustrates me too, because I want to be the best mom possible
I think you are the best mom in the world
That 's nice, but... that 's not true
I 'm worried you 'll make fun of me if I suggest a picnic
But I thought how cute and old-fashioned it would be to spend an afternoon like that
I happen to be an old fashioned person
And the weather is fine, that 's definitely--
your lunch time is almost over
you should go back to the pharmacy
etc
I have been so happy the past few days I just wanted to express my gratitude
Another gift? Hope it 's no longer orchids they are too expensive
It 's okay. I didn 't pay for this
OK
George , you don 't have to
This . . . is a 9mm Luger P 0 8 pistol
I knew I wanted to give it to you when you said you were in the NRA
I can 't take this, George
It 's an antique. It 's so precious
It 's okay. My grandpa left it for me
It was given to him by a soldier who surrendered in World War II and I don 't know how to shoot it . . .
it 's so cute
Look at that gun handle, is that mother of pearls?
I think so. Only the ones used by officers have that
do you really like it ?
Of course
Oh George , this is so much better than an orchid
Hi. I 'm Susan Mayer
I saw you down the street and I thought maybe you needed help
No thanks
I 'm sad about what happened
It 's really sad not to know the killer or the motive
you must feel helpless
A little
I hope her diary gives some clues
diary
Yes, Martha has been writing for many years
Then she must have written a lot in it
Every little thing in her life
Also, everyone else 's
The cops want to see them but I 'll stop them until I see them first
I don 't want a family scandal to leak out
very clever. that--that 's good
that sounds good
I am done
mom, calm down
All about that fire and the measuring cup will be in that diary
Everyone will think I 'm an arsonist
Maybe not as bad as it looks
What, do you think it 's possible that Mrs. Huber didn 't keep it in her diary?
Please. That 's a surprise I wrote it down in my diary myself
You should go to Mrs Britt and explain everything to convince her that it was an accident
If she doesn 't appeal, the police probably won 't pursue it
Did you make a mistake?
E die hate me
So you bow down to her and beg her forgiveness
correct
You gotta go flatter E die B ritt
Hi Mike
You should see by now that I got my money and the little information you got from the neighbors
your replacement will need
Pack up and move on with your life sorry for messing up your house
Here we are
10 minutes early, can I start class?
You just missed it. sorry
No, no, I came early
We-- we 're 10 minutes early
Oh, God
what ?
I didn 't notice when you said you had a sick child
How long have you been sick?
Well, it just happens every now and then
He 's still so young, oh my god, it hurts me so much
Oh
You see, it 's actually like this
You go to class and I 'll find a room for your children
OK
嗨, E die
S u s a n
i have to say i envy you
For God 's sake, why?
You can build your dream house - - for free
I mean, it 's actually a good thing to see your house burning from a weird angle
that 's no good
I can 't replace my memories, my pictures, my--what 's the matter with you?
Well, that 's it, E die - -
me- -
I- - I- - what?
Come on, I 'm busy
I just wanted to see how you are doing
You know, Mrs. Huber, and all that
My best friend was murdered and stuffed in a trash bag no one even wanted to . . . go with me to scatter her ashes
I 'll go with you, E die
Hi
thank goodness i 'm starving
Take it yourself, I 'm too tired to eat
hi. sorry. come here
Um ?
Have you ever visited your mother in the hospital?
I worked 10 hours today
Go tomorrow. She doesn 't even know I 'm there
She 'll wake up soon, I know
You know what makes her really happy?
Oh gosh, if you want to say grandchildren then help me, Carlos - -
Gabrielle , please
no, you promised-- no children
things will change
I know. The FBI towed my Maserati and my husband is-- is a felon
And the eyes of those fat tractor salesmen eat my tofu every day at the trade show
I 'm well aware of how things have changed
Children are strong bonds in the family
So who 's going to change the diapers while you 're in the federal prison? Huh?
I like my way of life and don 't want to be obliterated by you
Look around, the Gabrielle way of life is gone
there 's nothing you can control
Maybe, but have a baby ?
i can control
i can control you
Hey, you can 't talk to me in that tone I 'm still the head of the family
real ?
The head of the family?
don 't go away
hi hi my food
Gabrielle! Give me back!
Hi !
Hi !
I 'm not going too far. You 're going back to prison
Damn it, Gabrielle, come in!
I waited all day for that!
marvelous
Crunchy and browned on the outside, tender and juicy on the inside

Are you the head of the family? You can 't even leave


I like this
It 's like a little adventure. I 've never shot a gun before
The memories of tonight will always be with you
Yes ?
yeah. you will always remember your first time
God, wish I had enough bullets
Bree , I - - I don 't know how to tell you what the past few days have meant to me
Finally get out of the house and try something new
oh we did have fun
No, no, that- - that 's more than that
I 'm starting to forget the feeling of loneliness
Oh George, you 're so nice
Come on. Let 's get started
Before I shoot, I want to review the next points to make sure I 'm ready, okay?
One, get into a pose
Two, a gun handle in one hand
three, hold the handle
Four, look straight ahead
Five, pull the safety, then slowly pull the trigger
What is a one-handed pistol grip?
come. take the gun
Well, when you fire a semi-automatic pistol you want to press your entire palm against the edge of the pedestal
Which fragrance do you use?
i don 't use perfume
Are you sure? Because you smell great
Oh, I was making macaroons before I left home
Now, I want you to hold this gun like a beautiful white dove
Hold it tight enough that it won 't let go but don 't hold it too hard. Got it?
I think so
Now all you have to do is take a deep breath and pull the trigger
G eorge!
Oh! George!
Oh God! Are you all right?
Oh George! I 'm so sorry!
Hi
嗨, G eorge
I 'm so sorry you lost a toe
The doctor said it 's the middle one so your sense of balance won 't be affected
I mean, it won 't change your life at all
please say something
I keep dreaming before I die
I can kiss a really beautiful woman
I finally got the chance but got a toe blown off
I 'm not surprised
It always happens to me I-- I know I 'll be alright
But what I can 't let go of is when I kissed you, you left me
Why did you do that, Bree?
I 'm just frightened by your surprise
but we are dating
Why would it surprise you that I wanted to kiss you?
I 'm still R ex 's wife. We 're not really legally separated yet
he betrayed you
You said you 'd hate him forever
You shouldn 't listen to a woman who just had a broken heart
we will lie
because i think we 're too late. hi. sorry
(Lynette knows that serious illness is not easy to deal with)
- Come here- what are you doing?
I just picked up my sick poor little boy well, this way. Come on


(But taking a yoga class is crucial)
sorry Sorry
sorry. sorry
Hi Lauren
We 've had a rough morning
stop thinking about it
I bet you were a cheerleader in high school weren 't you?
In the first year. How do you know ?
Girls like you are cheerleaders
clean background, honors student, popular
In high school, I was the kind of girl who hung out with the weird guys on the dock and smoked
Everybody hates us
You know what it 's like in high school thank god it 's over
I don 't think so
I 'm still the outlier who wasn 't invited to the party You 're still the smug cheerleader who thought you could fool everyone
what ?
You take the tour, pay for gas, see for yourself
You know I 'm in a car club and you change my flat tire
what do you want from me
I know you are saddened by the death of Mrs. Huber, I just want to help you
you are lying
Why do you think I 'm lying?
Because we 're still in high school
Those old rules still apply
Popular kids only talk to weird kids when they need something
You don 't want to ride in my car unless you tell me your purpose now
Okay. You see, um, I--
I haven 't treated you well, I want to make amends
I think you 're still lying but we don 't have time to argue about this
It might not be very useful, but I think I should have spoken to you in high school
Of all the lies you 've ever told . . .
That 's the worst one
Single malt ?
Please take a seat. Take a break
i want everything back
My map, photos, my gun . . . and money
oh you mean my money
You won 't find another person who expects De eirdre as much as I do
Why, because you love her so much ?
You abandoned her, don 't you remember?
You saved yourself, found a safe and good wife and left my daughter to ruin So if I suspect you didn 't try your best, please forgive me
i have to do
Why are you arguing with me?
'Cause you 're not moving fast enough and I 'm running out of time
What 's the meaning ?
I seem to have a tumor
It seems to be pressing on my brain
I 'm dying, but before I die I need to know what happened to my daughter
Oh, that 's the best class ever. Awesome. Thanks
Lynette , this is my friend Callie
- hi- hi
she wants to meet Parker
Really? Why?
i am a survivor
breast cancer. about 6 years ago
Can I give your son a hug?
Of course
I understand what you 're going through but you have to be brave, okay?
You will survive because you are a brave little warrior
Mom, am I going to die?
no you won 't die
I shaved your hair so people think so
you shaved his hair ?
yes my nigga stick bubblegum in my hair
I am sorry
Excuse me
( that 's it )
(Lynette realizes that the door to lightness and euphoria is closed)
( - Shanta Yoga Center- )
Oh, George, really-- I didn 't think it was you
I thought a lot after we talked in the hospital and then . . and then ?
Bree , I don 't care what we think of it
It can be a date or it can be to kill time anyway, i just want to be with you
I really want to save our friendship
I think that 's unwise
why ?
I mean, have you been looking forward to the future
I 'll feel the same way about you as you do about me?
Maybe
Oh, George
I hope you don 't say 'Oh, George' in that tone
As if I 'm sorry for the idea that you 'll love me someday
I don 't think you 're pitiful. Just--
I can not
gosh
gosh
Oh, George, please don 't go
Why can 't we have a good discussion?
- George - - - Don 't- - Ah!
Oh, God
- Oh, George, here- come- - get away from me!
lean on me
I do not need you
I don 't need anyone!
You know, honey, tonight is the last day of the boat show
We can stay outside the house for a while and do some gardening next week
C a r l o s ?
I 'll go back to prison, you won 't be here when I come back
what ?
It 's true, I don 't blame you
Don 't say that, everything will be fine
We 'll get through this, you 'll make a comeback
Gabby , they can convict me on either
I 'll be in jail for five years
We 'll probably need to sell the house and you 'll have to keep working--
OK, Carlos - -
If something like that happens, can you promise not to leave?
I promise you
I 'm leaving
that 's far enough
Do you want me to help you open that container?
No, it 's open, I 'm fine
What are you waiting for?
I just need some time, okay?
Of course you can, please feel free to
Are you OK ?
It 's okay, I really appreciate it
I understand. I- I understand that Mrs. Huber is your best friend
I don 't mean Martha
Thank you very much
I ?
I haven 't been nice to you all these years, and . . .
You 're rowing for me now to scatter ashes
That - - that 's really - - no big deal
that 's important
You came forward when no one else wanted to and I 'm still wondering what your secret plans are
God, Susan, you are such a good man
And I 'm so bad
E die , you 're not that bad, and - - and - - and trust me
I-- I 'm not that good either
no, you 're that good
please don 't say that
Martha has passed away . . .
But the gracious Lord guides me to discover that I am not alone
I 'm so glad I have a real friend
thank you, Susan
E die , I burned your house
what ?
I was worried you were sleeping with Mike so I went into your house and sneaked around
I accidentally knocked over a candle and the whole - - just - - I 'm so sorry
Will you forgive me?
draw back
hurry up
I 'm so sorry I just-- pushed you
I didn 't mean to-- my bones won 't break
i 'm sorry too
Doubt your commitment to the matter, your courage--
i should know
yeah, you should know
I 've been carrying it around as a reminder of why I 'm here
If it turns out that someone hurt her, I want them to pay for it in blood
We must confirm that it is correct before we act
Well, when you 're sure
I know you can handle it
After all, you 've already killed for her
Hello, is this a pharmacy?
My wife asked me to call and she lost her prescription
G a b r i e l l e   S o l i s
yes, birth control pills
good, good, she 'll be at ease
Can I buy enough for a few months at a time?
Yes, it 's better to be safe beforehand than to regret later
thank you very much
Oh, do you deliver to your door?
E die , talk to me
For the last 90 miles I 've been thinking you don 't have to forgive me
You can go to the police station and sue me
you can burn my house
Just you know I 'm tormented by guilt
I don 't think I could be sadder than now
oh, i want to try and see if what you say is true
Well . . . anything goes, E die
As long as you know I 'm sorry
I won 't go to the police station and sue you
won 't you go?
Will not
Insurance company will want to investigate, that will delay my check
Thank you
But . . . I want you to do something for me
Of course. Anything will do
Say it. What 's the matter?
I want to be invited to your poker game
Our poker game ?
I didn 't say I was going, I didn 't say you and your little buddies were going to be nice to me but every now and then, well, it was nice to be invited too
Well, we 'll meet on Tuesday, lunch is the norm and everyone has to bring something
I won 't bring anything
Oh, you don 't have to bring
That 's fine
thanks
I think I should take a shower . . . wash Mrs. Huber off her body
Wait a moment
The thought that Mrs. Huber will be flushed down the drain is unbearable
E die , I have to clean
This lawn is so beautiful
Let 's put her to sleep here
On my front yard lawn ?
why not ?
She can watch her house forever and keep an eye on her neighbors
she would like that
Come and stand here. I 'll wash for you
I do not like this
you owe me
Martha . . . I will miss you
(Death cannot be avoided)
(That 's a promise we made when we were born)
(But we all hope that something will happen before the promise is fulfilled)
(Whether that 's romantic passion. . . )
Hi, come back here!
( The joy of raising children . . . )
I 'm coming to catch you! I 'm coming to catch you!
( Or the grief of a huge loss . . . ) ( We all want to experience something that makes life meaningful )
(but unfortunately not all life has meaning)
( some people just sit and watch every day . . . ) ( waiting for something to happen to them . . . ) ( before it 's too late )
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - The subtitles of this forum are only for translation and learning purposes. Any commercial use is prohibited. Otherwise, the consequences will be at your own risk- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
- = COSL - YTET Group Studio = - Translation: hepburnlss Proofreading: hepburnlss
