0 0 : 0 2 : 0 1 , 9 0 0 - - &gt; 0 0 : 0 2 : 0 6 , 5 3 3 The Big Bang Theory Season 4 Episode 23 Hey do me a favor and order at table seven
You mean the table with my 118 pound horny fiancé who may have recently had mouth ulcers and pink eye?
No I 'd rather see the girl at the table with my ex and her beautiful, successful and intellectual girlfriend making me feel like a useless hillbilly
Do you want me to sprinkle hot soup on her?
please you 're not that kind of person
I know
But if she ordered low-fat food
I could definitely serve her full fat
This glass of water is mine
what
My water you drink is my water
oh my god
have you ever drunk
I 'm sure it 's my water.
that 's fucked up
I 'm dead and I 'm here again
I 'm sorry, but do you have to let me clarify?
Flowing back into this cup is every pathogen that has ever been in the mouth of your so-called warm home
Not to mention those foreign pathogens from your mainland girlfriend 's tongue
hey this is slander
my sister and my country
Leonard may have sullied one of them but I will never allow you to insult the other
are you ready to order
I 'm ready, I want a seven-day course of penicillin, a certain amount of ipecac syrup, and another mint for vomiting.
I do not understand
He drank water from Leonard 's glass
'He drank from Leonard 's glass' must be engraved on my tombstone
This napkin is actually mine too.
fuck you
- where are you going - to the bar
Mouth sanitizer with alcohol
Let the walking dead come




ok take it
Two lemonades, one iced tea, and one Priya 's root beer
- is it sugar free? - that 's what you order

thanks
hi have you and howard started planning the wedding yet
Well we want to be in a place overlooking the sea
wedding on the cliff
Nothing beats the fear of falling and drowning
It 's better to ease the tension before the wedding. You tell your mother
What did she say when you two were getting married?
He hasn 't told his mother yet
He is waiting for the right moment
Actually, I want to weave this into the eulogy.
howard you have to tell your mother
Hey, did you tell your parents that you were dating this little glass of 'skim milk'?
uh it 's different
First of all we are not engaged and secondly Indian parents are very worried about their children
yeah yeah and Jewish mothers generally leave their sons to fend for themselves
I seem to swallow a little while gargling with tequila
- are you all right - all right
Thanks for caring
i love you so much
Fire Demon
wow fire devil
Sheldon is starting to explode the game
troll leader
Look howard pulls a troll leader out of a gang of gangsters


water nymph
Oh and her 'that place' is full of slime
Excuse me, can you stop playing a comment when you 're playing cards?
Feel sorry
tree monster
not an example
I am the tree of movement I am walking
Well it finally happened
What 's up
Bernadette and my mom are having their first lunch at the Old Town restaurant
sounds good
I hope so
Of course from experience my mom would swallow her whole and spit out the bones like an owl
Have you met Bernadette 's parents?
Did you mean Hitler and Eva?
(Adolf Hitler madly massacred Jews Eva was his wife)
not yet
step by step
Sheldon, this glass of water is mine
oh my god
That glass of water is not yours
I know
where is my mouthwash
where is it
Mom I 'm back
Where are you
i 'm in the toilet
how is it going
Can 't tell right now
I 'm not finished yet
I mean how was your lunch with Bernadette?
I had a spiced bacon sandwich
She ate a lasagna with eggplant bolognese
Like it 's something you should order at a kosher restaurant
Besides the food, how are you getting along?
did you chat
Of course you know
she 's studying microbiology
I don 't know she never mentioned it
She must have mentioned that you didn 't pay attention
maybe so what do you think of her
do you like her she 's a good girl right?
she is cute
Super cute
I 'm relieved to hear you say that because I have something to tell you
It better be a good thing because I 'm not doing well in the toilet and I 'm dying of depression
I 'm marrying Bernadette
mom
are you busy working hard
mom
gosh mom
Stand back, I 'm about to hit the door
Damn save me

Hello
long time no see
How are you doing lately?
Besides waiting for those deadly organisms to invade my circulatory system along my villi
nothing special
is it funny
I don 't know, maybe I don 't understand what you 're saying at all
So it doesn 't make any sense to say that your laughter was just to release your tension.
My laughter is a classic Sheldon quote.
When will I understand your weird laughter?
It 's no big deal, Sheldon
It 's just that I have to keep my distance from you since Leonard was with Raj 's sister.
I won 't have a chance to listen to your nonsense.
nonsense
I won 't talk nonsense
What are you doing at work this time?
I 'm studying the time dependence of string theory, especially quantum field theory
Application in de Sitter space-time d-dimensional space
Come on now you have to admit it 's gibberish
Interesting, do you know where the word gibberish came from?
Omg you 're about to say a bunch of gibberish about gibberish
Howard is in the hospital with his mother
- Come on let 's go - God what 's going on
I don 't know, I just got a text message, hurry up and go
All right
Sheldon is gone
go to the hospital
the place full of patients
I 'm not going
Your friend and his mother are in the hospital, you have to go
I do not want
Don 't tell me you 're afraid of germs
not all bacteria
I 'm just afraid of the germs that will make me sick
It 's like I 'm not afraid of all the knives I 'm just afraid of the ones that will stab me
Well then I 'll tell Howard that you didn 't go to the hospital because you 're more worried about your own health than his health
I think he is well aware of this
Okay, forget it, you 're unreasonable
You bought so many superhero shirts but it 's time for you to step up and do something right
you 'll just hide in the laundry room
ok i 'll go
But let me state in advance that my aunt Ruth died in the hospital.
She went to the hospital to visit my uncle Roger, but she got sick and died a week later.
They 're both in the same coffee can on my mom 's mantelpiece now
So I knocked open the bathroom door, lifted my unconscious mother and carried her into the car
And drove to the ER like a lunatic
you are a hero howard
No, I just did what a son should do
wait a minute you pick up your mother
Her weight can 't even support her own legs
It 's all adrenaline
It 's like a mother can lift the car to save the baby from the car
I mean it 's easier to lift a car than your mother
What can I say, after I mustered up the courage
Humans can 't stop me once I pull up her pants
how is your mother now
still checking i don 't know
May be a heart attack or something like a heart attack
what is the difference
heart attack-like symptoms
Thanks for the explanation
Of course coronary heart disease is curable
It 's the antibiotic-resistant superbugs festering in every gully in this hospital that really killed Mama Howard.
please don 't make a mess
I disagree
go sit over there
I 'm going to sit there and look cleaner
Does your family have a history of heart disease?
My whole family history is a heart attack
There is a cave painting in France that my ancestors painted like this
It might be hereditary.
Probably
Mom also heard some news that might upset her
what
It doesn 't matter. Howard, I 'll be your wife.
you can share anything with me
You think so but you don 't
Did you tell her we were getting married and she had a heart attack?
don 't think about it
So what else could she think
All you have to remember is that after my dad died
I am my mother 's whole world
She will feel threatened by any other woman who can do what she can 't
you mean sex
You look weird when you say that
What 's up
Howard 's mom had a heart attack because I slept with him and she couldn 't
Nini wait
I 'll give you a thousand dollars if you take me home
It 's nice of you to come to the hospital to see Howard
He 's my friend, right?
sorry what 's wrong
just feel weird
howard worowitz is my friend
Once he tried to kiss me deeply and I broke my nose
It 's easier to believe than he 's your friend
yeah who said no
My brother has a bunch of friends like him in India
Both wear bodysuits and goggles and call themselves 'New Delhi Dinosaurs'
Do you mean when he was a kid?
Not as small as you think
This coffee sucks
Going to look for a restaurant - get a good coffee - of course

we 're going to the restaurant to buy coffee
Does anyone want it? I don 't need it
They get along so well
Your current and ex-girlfriend play together
Yes, it can only be good for you
what do you mean
One of them broke up with you
Do you really want her to tell the other why?
It doesn 't matter
I have nothing to hide
very good
Then you have nothing to worry about
don 't worry about me
you scumbag
You think it 's because my parents don 't love me but in fact they love me very much
Nini is never because of you
That 's just what she thinks
Then how can we be together if we get married it might kill your mother
This is the cycle of life darling
One day our son 's marriage will kill you
Howard, I have to go to the bathroom, but no one will take me home
what 's wrong with the restroom here
Here are pneumococcus, streptococcus, staphylococcus, and various other cocci
Sheldon, my mom is dying and my fiancée is deeply saddened to put her in the hospital
I don 't want to take you home
Then can you at least accompany me to the toilet so that you can open the door for me to flush a urinal
don 't go
Now may be the best time to point out the truth
don 't close
Mr. Vorowitz
- is she okay - your mother didn 't have a heart attack
She 's awake now and resting peacefully. We 're still doing her physical.
can i go in and see her
In fact, she told her that she wanted to 'see that catholic chick first'

why am i me
This question has been asked by Jews for centuries.
No good answer yet
ok wish me luck
don 't worry it 's alright
Hide the cross first
If that thing touches her it 'll burn
- you brought a catholic girl home to meet your mother - yes
(During the thousand-year persecution of the Jews, the Crusades once set off a climax of persecution of the Jews) Then let me prescribe some tranquilizers for you
always finished
Beware of Biochemical Hazards
Isolation Room Adopts Infectious Disease Care Procedures
What kind of new stuff is this?
wait you can 't get out of here you 're already infected
NO, I have not
Protective measures are well done
Do you want to talk about the best mom?
Leonard 's mom didn 't give him the slightest approval
poor little guy
That 's why he 's so eager to please women
That 's why his little foreplay keeps going.
That 's right
It 's like he 's trying to get a reward
Penny 's sweet tip: don 't doze off
Otherwise you can 't hear when it will end
help me
return
Penny
I 've done something with Penny that might sound silly but
for example
Occasionally before we go to bed
I 'll put on a little show for her
what do you mean by 'little show'
This is how I undress
such as music
I don 't look stupid without the music
Then you danced a striptease
I 'm not scratching my head with a steel pipe
Not bad
But once I put glitter on my body
I don 't think you need to worry about whether Penny will tell my sister about it
won 't tell her
Your question is will I tell her
You 're such a scumbag
oh my god it does
I get it, right?
How did you two go so long?
we are chatting
Okay, what are you talking about?
We 're just exchanging opinions on your bedtime
- It 's funny- it 's
if she wasn 't kidding
It 's okay, bro, but the little prince of foreplay
how 's it going
you 2 B
do you know what that means
know you
Your mom just taught me
She thinks she 's got food poisoning at that restaurant and wants to make sure I 'm okay
Are you alright then?
Because I 'm engaged to a 2B
You made me believe she had a heart attack because of me
Is that based on existing evidence?
To shut up
your mother said i was a good girl
It 's your luck to marry me
where are you going to the toilet
do you have an opinion
Is it my delusion or her voice is very sexy when she is angry
Alpine Elf
This sprite is not a mountain, it is ready-made
Hellhound
Hellhound who set Satan 's dog out
who is who
Brave Python
I also have a mighty python in my crotch
do you have to
sorry i just wanted to make you happy
Rotten Zombie
Sheldon 's new avatar
Zandor Northern Wizard
haha i won
If you insist on omitting the fact that you 've been quarantined for two weeks for exposure to a deadly disease
we resign

