0 0 : 0 0 : 0 3 , 7 2 6 - -&gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 0 4 , 8 2 7 You said you 'd hate him forever and you shouldn 't listen

Words from a woman who just had a broken heart
(sometimes ending a relationship . . . )
I don 't care what we think of it
I just want to be with you
I think that 's unwise
(it will be difficult)
It was me who had an affair with your son
But, Helen, that 's over
It 's far from the end (but it 's harder to keep a secret)
I don 't quite understand what you 're talking about
I killed my sister in 30 seconds

I want you to put this--
Oh! Oh! Oh! Put it back, put it back!
Put it back! Pick up the toy!
How many times do I have to tell you, pick up your toys!
Do you want to be spanked? Okay!
(with an expression)
(Parents of a good child) (The expression on the face of a parent of a not so good child)
Porter , how dare you look at me like that
Be careful I keep you from laughing . . .
(The expression seems to be saying) ('You should learn to discipline your children')
We 're just about to clean the yard . . .
( 'It 's your responsibility after all') Hi! I mean it!


(Of course, it 's easy for Susan to be smug) (Because of having a daughter like Julie)
(The transcripts she brought home were all A 's)
Oh, you did it again!
How do you feel about her being there to help you?

She is smart, gentle and caring
Julie is the perfect child in her mother 's eyes
Unfortunately, Susan soon discovers that the perfect thing is a mom that doesn 't exist

How is this going ?
Are you kissing my daughter ?
Well, I-- take a moment
What are you thinking about?
- Calm down, mom- she 's only 14!
Well, I think-- I should go
Do you want to? Oh, that... .
See you this Friday
So-- what is he talking about?
Friday-- what 's up with Friday?
He took me to the school dance
no, no
Mom, I know you saw us kissing but you should calm down now
don 't keep me calm
I don 't want to be quiet
As you please, I 'll go out and take out the trash
stop
stay here and make it clear
I don 't want to talk to you when you 're out of control
(There is another expression) (Parents of not very good children) (The expression when you see a parent like Susan)
(That 's like saying) ('Welcome to join us') - = Eden Forum http://www.ydy.com = - Honorary production This subtitle is only for learning and exchange, and is strictly prohibited for commercial use
- = COSL - YTET Group Studio = - Translation: hepburnlss Proofreading: hepburnlss


(in Suburbia) (full of responsible people) (trying to live a responsible life)
(of course, even the most responsible among us) (made mistakes before . . . ) ( mistakes they want to forget )
(sometimes come back to haunt their mistakes)
I 'm going to get the letter to Helen, um, what 's the matter?

Hi G abrielle
I don 't think you 've met my husband B ob
Hi. nice to meet you
um. . . we, um, came to talk to you about our son
I haven 't seen John in weeks
He called and left a message but I didn 't reply I swear I 'm over with him
We didn 't come for that
we want you to do something for us
Oh. no problem
John surprised us last night when he decided to turn down a college scholarship
and intends to develop his gardening from part-time to-- full-time
Why-- well, why did he do that?
we do not know
If we knew you thought we 'd still come and talk to you?
please forgive my wife
He 's still unhappy with the whole thing, um...
The crime of rape of a young girl (it should be a young boy)
H elen
What do you want me to do?
He doesn 't want to talk to us
If you can convince him to let him know he is making a big mistake . . .
john and i broke up completely
I think I 'd better keep my distance from him
Confidence
He turned 18 last week and moved out
There 's nothing we can do
I 'm sorry. I 'm really--really--I 'm really sorry
I really can 't handle this right now
I have a lot of personal things to do
My life is in tatters
I do not care
H elen
We didn 't report what you did to the police
But that 's easy to change I try my best
very good

nice to meet you
Well you can do it, right?

Just - - move down a few inches - - I 'll - - I 'll catch you
no, you 'll let me fall
I won 't let you fall
I might choke you because you climbed up to this place and let you fall? No, come on
Oh
- Hey, wait a minute, okay? - Grandpa!
look at me, don 't come down
Look who I found wandering around the airport
Hi Rodney !
- Parker on the roof again? - Yes
Let him see if the frisbee is still there while he 's still up there
ok, i 'll take care of it
Oh, how is my baby girl?
Very happy to see you
It 's a pity Allison can 't come
Just another business trip for a wandering salesman
she 'll cry
Hi Parker !
Come on, won 't you come and hug me?
I am grandpa!
It 's not that he ignores you, he just doesn 't dare to climb down
Oh, can I persuade him?
Of course you can, try your best
OK
be careful
Parker , I have a question for you
only one, but very important
It 's actually a character-defining question. Want to hear it?
Only little girls are afraid to go down a ladder
You 're not a little girl, are you?
It 's not a squeamish little girl in front of me, is it? Are you all right?
bring it on
Oh, you got him down, how did you do it?
Big boy righteousness
Let 's start with dividing property
We are not going to discuss primary residence or pension plans at this time
Are you guys ready to discuss cars and curios?
I want to start the discussion with country club membership
The use of equipment is integral to the treatment of Dr. Van D e K amp
What are we doing here?
Um, sorry, R ex ?
My wife and I were surrounded by a group of lawyers discussing how to divide our stuff
I don 't want this. I thought I wanted to
But in fact I don 't want to
Maybe we should discuss it before it 's too late
Bree, what do you think?
Should we send these vultures home? I want to keep my club membership
R ex tennis badly
And he hates buffets

If you turn to the second page of the proposed divorce agreement you will find our list of preferred options
OK
They 're kissing, huh?
right at my dining table
You must have scared them silly
I 'm so glad you can still laugh about it
they are just children
Of course you take it easy. You are the boy 's father
And I 'm the girl 's mother
You know, if things get out of hand--
ok ok i get it, Susan
So... what do you want me to do?
I want to know I 'm not the only one worried about this I also want to know
If the two of them come here
someone will take care of them
I really hope you don 't look at me like I 'm crazy The only reason I 'm laughing is because it doesn 't matter anymore
I have sold the house
real ?
Um
We 're moving out at the end of the month
Did you sell the house?
Z a c h
why didn 't you tell me ?
I want to wait until the formalities are officially completed
you tell me when i come back from silvercrest
you are reconsidering. you lied to me
I think it 's time for you to take your medicine. Do you think I 'll be quiet if I take a lot of medicine?
Go upstairs!
You don 't care about me and you don 't care about mom either!
do you know
I hope she shoots you saying that you 're moving
we will miss you
Later the list means is that in the car, not, remember?
(The next morning) (Before Parker Scavo 's little league starts . . . )
hurry up !
Hi! I 'm not the one who forgot the baseball glove
(A main player will be touched and killed)
I, um... .
I thought you were - - practice
Oh, Parker, um, forgot his catcher gloves
Lynette , this is Lois Mc Daniel
She is one of the main suppliers in my area
she works in paper products nice to meet you

Me too, your home is beautiful
thanks
we 're negotiating these new contracts
You know, study the minutiae in the contract -- admin fees, shipping costs
Mom, sorry to see what I found. Hehe. This is mine

thanks
It must have fallen out of my purse
Well, we don 't want to be late for the game
nice to meet you hi

I do not want to talk to you
Not quite like a divorce settlement meeting, huh?
All you need is good ceramic tableware because you know I love it
You took our time share at Aspen and called me revenge? Please?
you don 't go there much
Not much? How about never?
Okay. I 'll be serving fast food on your fine ceramic cutlery when I move out.
Pizza, Ribs . . .
You know, at the next agreement meeting
I plan to request your golf club qualification
Divorce is funny. You should take heart medicine.

I mean what I said during the talks
I 'll fire my lawyer tomorrow if you speak up
honey, i think it 's too late
Why? Because you are dishonest
but if you can find a way to punish me if we can find a way to make everyone happy
Don 't you want that? Do you know what I really want?
revenge
If we can figure out a way to put us in the same position then, well, maybe I 'll know how to do it
So what do you mean, you want to have an affair too? Okay, um. . .
So who is-- your stupid pharmacist?
Wouldn 't that hurt you, R ex, if I had sex with another guy?
that would ruin me giving you water

Bree , you- - you can 't--
R ex , it 's time to take your medicine
I 'll pick you up! My mom doesn 't hate you, she 's just worried


she thinks i 'm crazy
she didn 't
Maybe a little
You didn 't tell her what I told you?
About what happened to Dana ?
Z ach , I can keep a secret
I promise I 'll never tell her
what 's that sound? hi

What are you doing here?
I passed by outside and saw you from the window
I 'm surprised I thought you wouldn 't eat at a diner
I 'm not
The coffee sucks, and-- it 's too late and I 'm leaving the house
It 's the only place that 's still open, yeah
I didn 't mean to disturb you George?

Would you like to have a bad cup of coffee with me?
It was my first week in college and I went to a party of young Republicans and R ex gave a speech there
I found him later
Introduce yourself and tell him I agree
his stance on the death penalty
He took me to dinner, and then, um... .
We stayed together until 2am talking about big government gun control . . .
and illegal immigrants
Oh, that was-- it was a dream night I knew when he dropped me off to the bedroom
one day
I 'll be Mrs. R ex V an D e K amp
Even now, after he betrayed me, I--I know we should be together, but . . .
I don 't know how to be with someone I don 't trust
So... what are you going to do?
I have no idea
What do you think I should do?
are you asking me?
Oh, I shouldn 't have asked you, I--
no, no, no, that 's ok
No, George, I didn 't consider your feelings
I know how you feel about me, and I--
No, Bree, I-- I want to help you
Thank you so...
Does he still love you?
Yes
Is he a good man?
Except for adultery, yes
Then it 's easy
If a good person loves me, I 'll find a way to forgive them
George Williams , you are an extraordinary person
You deserve an extraordinary woman
I think so where are you going?

i want to eat in my room
You know, the house isn 't that big, Rodney
don 't hide from me anymore
ok ok
Lois is not a supplier
real ?
i want to apologize
I thought you and the kids would be out all afternoon
Is there anything I can do for you to make up for it?
First you can put away that disgusting fake smile
L y n e t t e
How could you do such a thing to Allison?
I do not know I do not know
It started a little bit before
Year after year, the kids drain you and I keep traveling
We 're drifting apart, that 's complicated
That 's not complicated and totally irresponsible
For years, I honestly stayed married to a woman I didn 't love because I swore to God
So don 't tell me about responsibility
So do you think you are the victim in this matter?
Oh, looks like we can 't get along
we 're not done talking
oh no we 're done because my sex life is mine not yours
And you can 't do anything
dad ?
What are you doing ?
i don 't want to talk
Talking about what? Does Lynette know you 're here?
Oh yeah, she knows
Can you drive me to the airport?
wait here
Hi Lynette
What 's up ?
Why is my dad sitting on the side of the road?
because i kicked him out
I- I see, can you tell me why?
Wait a moment
I 've got some drinks for you
Oh God, what the hell did he do?

I came home yesterday and saw your dad with a woman
He 's having an affair. I 'm so sorry
gosh
I understand, I understand, are you all right?
hmm. i want to talk to him
just like that ?
What? I--
I thought you 'd have a stronger reaction I 've been sitting here in my stomach like a knot
Well, you see, I never mentioned it before because I know how you 'd react but, um. . .
I 'm not surprised to hear this
It 's been years since my dad had an affair, you know that?

Yes
Roughly the same
I mean, that was basically in the past and I didn 't know he was still having an affair
I thought he was getting too old
In a strange way, this is really impressive to me
You know? Impressive?
Impressed? I--
Tom, please, don 't tell me you think it doesn 't matter
Of course not. No, no
He shouldn 't have brought women here
No, he shouldn 't be with that woman at all
i understand, i understand
But, you know, he 's been that kind of guy for years
My mom doesn 't care about it
i doubt
You see there 's no point in discussing this, I 'll pick up my dad
Come back here and put him in the room
And then even if it 's over, the guy can 't come into the house anymore.
he can come in
no, he can 't come in
Lynette, he 's my dad, this is my home
you can 't order me to do things
I suggest we go over and kick the door down
ok dad, here you go
let me know if that makes you feel better
Hi, um... .
I don 't know if the address is correct
Does John Rowland live here?
I 'm glad you could come over
I was going to call you again tomorrow
Well, I-- I 'm sorry I didn 't get a call back to you
It 's okay, nice to meet you
I heard about Mr. Solis
You still have to go to work, it 's too bad
Yeah, you know my-- I can make it through
Come here, no, John

I, um. . . I didn 't come for that
What 's up ?
I heard you plan to do your gardening full time
- What happened in college? - I decided not to study
why ?
The opportunity came out on its own and I had to take advantage of it
i need to start making money
John , is there a more important opportunity than college ?
For a long time all I can give you is my feelings but Mr. Solis can give you security in life
I can 't compete with him but now he can 't even give you that
and I can
My career is taking off and I can take care of you
We can finally be together Mrs. Solis . . .
Will you marry me? Please. Do you have any other reason to dance with me?


Mrs V an D e K amp needs some volunteers
she begged me
You are so easy to see through
You won 't know I 'm there anyway
ok, don 't know
Julie, you know you can tell me anything, right?
yes mom
So if you 're in trouble or have a secret haunting you . . .
Of course
I 'll tell you everything I can 't believe it
You 'll root out our relationship like this
we need to start over
bring it on
you should
Too many bad things happened here
I finally have someone to talk to
as if you were going to take it away
You mean Julie?
Yes
What bad things did you say to her?
Did you talk to her about your mother?
Yes
and others
for example ?
Z ach . For example ?
dad. . .
I 've been meaning to tell you this
OK. . .
Ever since my mother died, I 've been-- I 've started to recall the flashbacks of things since I was a kid
pretty and taut like this
that kind of thing ?
Lots of blood . . . mom screaming . . . and Dana
I recall killing Dana
Did you tell Julie this?
i trust her
Did she tell her mother?
I don 't know from the beginning

I want you to tell me all the things you told Julie hi


Hi. what is that ?
hmm i want to give this to you but i see other girls not wearing flowers
So I guess it 's not that kind of dance party
If you don 't want to be too conspicuous, I can understand
I like to be bold. What is Paul doing here?

Oh, he came to accompany me
He called a few hours ago to recommend
Really? Why? What 's wrong?
The day before he didn 't care much about Julie and Zach dating and now, all of a sudden, he 's coming to the dance ?
Maybe he just wanted to show his support for the prom
Maybe Doctor V an D e K amp

嗨, G eorge
My cardiologist called and gave you a prescription
oh yes yes
i put it somewhere
Have you been meeting Bree recently?
Yeah, I ran into her last night at the restaurant at the Maple A venue
we had a good conversation
You just-- just talk?
We are just friends, there is no deeper relationship with Dr. V an D e K amp
I 'm glad to hear you say that
If you feel Bree gives you a hint that you want to develop a relationship more than a friend
If I were you, I would be careful
What did you say ?
I want you to know she 's just using you to get on the same level as me
Don 't be fooled by Bree, you can 't do that
she is a lady
Of course. A very beautiful and tasteful lady
Remember they often end up with the doctor instead of the pharmacist Bree is beautiful
Very tasteful but her observation skills are not very good
Like, she thinks you 're a good person and now it 's obvious to me that you 're not
I want the medicine on my prescription, George

I can 't seem to find it
I will deliver it later
thanks
Do not
Thank you
P a u l
Did you notice? They 're playing classical music
Yes
Want to dance? * onlyforamoment , thenthemoment  ' sgone *
很 樂 意   *   a l l   m y   d r e a m s   *   p a s s   b e f o r e   m y   e y e s   o f   c u r i o s i t y   *
I have a little confession to make
Oh ?
I 've been so worried about Julie lately that one day I overheard her and Zach talking on the phone
real ?
Their conversation was interesting
what is it about ?
Zach tells Julie what happened to Dana
Yes ?
Yes
How much have you heard?
all things *allweareisdustinthewi nd*
you know it was an accident
Oh of course
I think too
He didn 't mean to kill Dana
He is a child himself
He doesn 't understand what he 's doing
Of course he didn 't know
So what happened?
Mary Alice and I don 't know
we heard the baby cry
By the time we got to the crib it was too late
Paul , sorry
Thank you so you and Mary Alice kept it a secret
so many years ?
That 's a very dark page in our lives
We 'd rather not mention it again
Besides, it 's a family matter
Thank you for your concern *allwedo* crumblestotheground
別 客 氣   *   d u s t   i n   t h e   w i n d   *   a l l   w e   a r e   i s   d u s t   i n   t h e   w i n d   *
look. . .
I wanted to tell you I 'm sorry I talked to Julie but she assured me
She won 't say anything to her mother that 's okay.
I settled on Susan 's side
very good
But we should talk about these things you think you remember
but they are not real
How could they not be real?
Memories lie, Z ach
You didn 't kill anyone D ana is still alive


Hi. What are you doing here?
where is it ?
what ?
Ring, G abrielle
my grandmother 's ring
John unexpectedly mentioned to me that of course I will return the ring
You 're better because I can assure you if you want to ruin my son 's life
i will destroy you
Helen, all right, go back to the car
come on please
Confidence
Obviously, I 'm not leaving my husband to marry John
I guess that 's sensible
I 'll talk to John tomorrow and return the ring
nice, nice um, we appreciate everything you do
hi B ob
I understand why she 's so mad at me but I don 't understand why you 're so nice to me
john is a big boy
No matter what happens between you, he 's still at fault
I think so
I can understand, well, if you hated me a little bit when I was a kid
I always follow the rules
I never cheated on an exam or even violated the curfew once
But I can 't help but think . . . it would be nice to make a mistake like yours once
That 's really nice. You-- you 're such a nice person
Um
I 'm just a little better
Basically I 'm just a middle-aged man, are you okay?


I know it 's hard to accept it all at once
I 'm very good
I 'm just glad you finally told me the truth
One thing though-- why are you telling me now?
I can 't keep you feeling like you killed someone
No one should carry that burden
Or you just don 't want me to go around talking
No that 's what 's going on I won 't tell anyone

I will keep your secret
dad
thanks
but we don 't move
This is not negotiable
I don 't want to leave Julie If you want me to support you, this is the condition
What if I refuse?
You won 't I want to say--

I am very sorry for my previous actions
For God 's sake, Lynette, you kicked me out of my house
I know, I overreacted, sorry
look. . .
I know you love my mom but how to live her life that 's - - that 's totally up to her
you 're right
you 're right
I guess I 'm so unhappy just because . . . oh, leave it alone
Let 's not waste our time. It 's over. I 'm sorry
Good night
Well, say what you want
You know your father is having an affair and you don 't seem to care much about it that worries me
because if your heart
can forgive this kind of thing
so when you 're 40 years old
What will happen?
L y n e t t e . . .
i 'm not my dad
I know. Of course
you are not your father
Then let 's make it clear I 'm not your mother by any means because if you betray me
I 'll leave you I 'll leave with the kids and you 'll never see either of us

Oh, I 'm so glad to have said everything from my heart, thank you
I love you
Can 't sleep, huh?
Yes
Me too
I 'm sorry for the unrest I 've caused
It 's okay, I didn 't, um. . .
i don 't mind
No no
What 's up ?
Some things Lynette doesn 't know, Dad--some things I do
I don 't know what will happen if she finds out
(The next morning) Gabrielle returns engagement ring to her ex-lover
And this expression leads to . . .
Moderate enthusiasm please, calm down
That 's impossible, right?
you love me, i know you love me
love alone is not enough
Where do we live-- here, with your roommates?
The only decoration in the bathroom is a hookah
where we can find ourselves
How to find it? You 're just earning the minimum wage
Well, we 'll be poor at first but we 'll be happy
I 've tried a poor but happy life
And guess what - - that 's not happy
Mr Solis is going to jail
Do you want to persevere for that?
I have no idea
Every now and then even me, trying to do the right thing
Mrs Solis I love you very much
I mean, doesn 't that mean anything to you? Honestly, no

John , you 're a toy -- a sweet but dumb toy so you better go to college
Because you and I--
there is no future
Hi Ms Mayer .
Is Julie at home?
she is taking a bath
Oh
I just came over to tell her some good news
what news ?
Eventually my dad and I stopped moving
what ?
Yes, he changed his mind, so I think we 'll continue living across the street
OK
oh, um... oh
Um, can you sit down?
i want to talk to you
Um. . . hi you know what, Julie is
The first girl I sent flowers
real ?
Yes
I really like her, Ms Mayer
Z ach , hmmm . . .
Julie is only 14 and sometimes girls don 't always make the right decisions at this age
And, um... .
As her mother, I have a responsibility
protect her
Do you want to protect her from me?
No, I- I just--
I think you should slow down
I- I want you not to see her for a while
' Do not' ?
You can 't take her away from me
Listen to me, I know being emotional is a teenage birthright, but please
why are you laughing? !
Do you think this is funny? Thank you, Z ach

You make it easy for me to make decisions
You are not allowed to meet or talk to my daughter in the future if you come within 10 feet of her
I 'll call the police and get you out now
(Sooner or later, someday) (When we all have to be responsible adults) (Learn to let go of what we want)
(Then we can choose to do the right thing)
(of course, be responsible for a lifetime) (not always that simple) (over time)
(For some it would be an unbearable burden)
(but we still try to do our best) (make it good--) (not just ourselves . . . )
(and our loved ones)
Hi
glad you can come
Z ach , I can 't stay long
If my mom finds out, she 'll go crazy
come here she said i can 't see you again

what should we do ?
I don 't know (yeah, sooner or later)
(We must all be responsible adults)
(No one knows this better than young people) 'D esperate Housewives Season 1 Episode 13' -= End= - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Subtitles in this forum are only for translation and learning purposes. Any commercial use is prohibited. Otherwise, the consequences will be at your own risk- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
- = COSL - YTET Group Studio = - Translation: hepburnlss Proofreading: hepburnlss
