0 0 : 0 0 : 0 3 , 0 4 0 - -&gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 0 4 , 5 3 0 how did you post a Bundy Harley bite me
You were abused by a little girl
you are sexist
you 're right
You are being abused by a baby


what are you holding
Sandwiches I bought at the stand up front
Wait a minute, please stay, it 's Friday night
I think you should know what that means
Is my funny young life about to take a nosedive?
no
Actually right
Means tonight is Chinese dinner night
Yes, you also ordered Chinese fast food.
but i can smell your pastrami
We can all hear your complaints, and it 's fair that no one is happy.
It does smell delicious and yes I ate one that day too
what is this doing
Everyone should be eating Chinese food now
In fact, I believe that sandwiches may have been invented by the Chinese.
Their 'roujiamo' literally means 'meat in bread'
So all of us include Penny
Are you eating Chinese food?
Except you, Sheldon, you 're deflated [raven]
Sorry I think you forgot that sandwiches were invented by John Montague, Earl of Sandwiches
The name of the stall is 'Sandwich [Place Name] Pearl'
I understand it now
Okay, this smells so good, I 'm going to buy one too
But I think you forgot that Chinese meat sandwich bread is recorded in Tang Dynasty literature to prove it, let me buy it from you
Maybe we can just sneak home
I think your definition of bread is too broad.
If so, then we have to debate when
I was going to answer the argument and go to sleep, but you sleep and talk in your sleep
I don 't want to continue arguing with you now
We 'll talk after I go to bed
I don 't want to wait until you fall asleep
why can 't we talk now
Because I 'm eating now
how about your mushu meat
It 's actually pretty good
wait and see
Maybe the sandwich was really invented by the Chinese
Looks like what you just said was right
Too bad no one was around to witness this moment

I can smell the stall downstairs from upstairs. If you don 't like the smell, just close the window.
Of course I like the taste
It 's salt and oil
My brain has evolved but my tongue still thinks
Pick up a stick and knock the stall stunned and drag it back to my cave so there 's one you like
But it 's going to drive you crazy, I have experience and I 'm experiencing it

It 's so distracting how can I focus on my work?
I 'm thinking about how much I want that sandwich so go buy one
I can 't compromise on myself as soon as I have the urge.
That 's why I have to follow the table
I didn 't resist the urge to make a strict schedule
That 's enough depravity, so why don 't we go downstairs and find the stall
Ask them to sell elsewhere - then why did you bring cash - no reason


This is how life is supposed to be, what could be better than this?
It would be better if you weren 't wearing my swimming trunks
I 'll give it back to you, you know the rules
If you touch a dick, you will be abandoned by me, do you want to give up so much
Do you know what the water is 'touching' right now?
I 'm done relaxing

Howard, look what that is

Feels like someone else 's drone
Crap
Could someone be watching us take a bath?
People are 60% worse than the figure they can meet at the beach
One of the propellers is broken
This is where the crash happened
do you think you can fix it
Maybe, but should we find out who the master is first?
That should be better
Has anyone lost a drone?

Looks like it 's ours
Great, we have drones
Great, we have drones


Pastrami stall has changed places
There is such a danger in a restaurant with wheels
Now that stall is not allowed to set up on our street
Who would complain about something that everyone loves?
Did you file a complaint with the neighborhood committee about the stall?
Yes
Did they take your words seriously?
It 's best if the neighborhood committee takes all complaints seriously because I 'm going to email them
to complain about you
Feel sorry

Someone should do a spell check before sending a letter
This is how the same thing
Are you the neighborhood committee?
You should really see the look on your face now
maybe you want to tell your wife
Pastrami has 'smoked' without the 'fuck' prefix
That should do the trick. I replaced the bad propeller.
and reinstalled the gimbal control unit
Brother, you 're like 'Grey 's Anatomy' for robots. And why hasn 't this been made into a show yet?
Now see if I can
Sync it with this old controller we should name it
Drones or Your Idiot Robot Show
drone
That show already has a name
'Comprehensive Airport'
General Hospital is a well-known longevity American daytime medical drama series
I got it done


Let 's play William Tell
Farmer William Tell was punished for something the governor wanted him to shoot the apple on his son 's head to free them I put the bowl on my head

See if you can knock it down without touching me
You are the roundworm in my stomach, what are you doing?
Either break a bowl or break Raj 's head
Be careful, that bowl has been discontinued
Is it a good drone?
Yeah we found it in the yard and fixed it
Aren 't you worried there 's a kid out there looking for his drone please Bernadette
This isn 't a kid 's toy, okay? There 's a high-definition camera on it
Ok so you don 't have to worry about a
Is the rich voyeur looking for his drone?
We asked and no one came to claim it I think we tried our best

did you check the memory card
Maybe see where it took off
what a great idea darling
let me figure it out
Are you the chairman of the neighborhood committee?
The harshest critic of the chairman 's sole member
I used to have a meeting while taking a shower
Gave myself an official reprimand steam bent my gavel
So last time I left my clothes in the dryer too long
Received a ticket, did you issue it? $14.99 is the price for a new mallet
And we sing a happy birthday song for you
What about the nuisance warning?
From a friend 's point of view I 'm impressed but as a representative of this building
I don 't think you can find the tune.
Did you know this guy is the entire neighborhood committee?
I don 't know but I 'm not surprised
Is he still the pope on the planet he invented in hyperspace?
why didn 't you tell me
'Cause I want to make sure you love me
rather than power
You can 't be the chairman by your own will. I don 't have a meeting with me.

only myself
I nominated myself after a moving speech
I chose myself
if you could choose yourself
- Then we 'll remove you - yes - yes please make a motion at the next meeting - when


First Saturday of every month
unless there is an emergency meeting
Then we 'll have an emergency meeting
you don 't really need to do this
Today is the first Saturday of the month
Well then we 're going to oust you
wait a minute
wait first
Let 's first read the minutes of last month 's meeting
Can Amy bother you for a while?
'Saturday March 3rd
Breaking up at 7:50
7:6 The chairman has shampoo in his eyes
Break up at 7:7' Can we remove you?
nice new thing

I made a proposal of no confidence in the current chair - yes 2 to 1 you lost
Don 't worry, we have another tenant
did not speak
we are waiting for you fiancee
That 's right, we 're waiting for your best friend
we are waiting for you
Neighbors who unconditionally took a section from me last time I needed a battery I don 't want to get involved in your business
whatever i choose
I 'll be a bad girlfriend, bad fiancée, or a bad guy with a battery for nothing next time I 'm in the bathroom for a meeting
Welcome to Sheldon Sheldon Chair I Choose Sheldon



Can 't believe my best friend is with Sheldon Can 't believe my best friend is Sheldon
I should have grabbed his gavel
Down his throat I 'll put it in another hole but it 'll end in the throat

What 's up
Don 't be mad at me, I can 't vote against him
Even if he 's a lunatic
Does he have a time when he 's not crazy?
Then you let him do whatever he wants?
Not at will
But honestly I don 't want to die
Pastrami sandwiches on this hill it 's not just sandwiches
but a question of principle versus a question of principle
- Sandwiches have something to do with it.- Yes.
There are many tenants in this building
You just need to pull another person to vote for you
It 's a good idea that Sheldon gets fired so I don 't have to betray him.
You guys came up with the idea, it 's none of my business
Forgive me now I told Sheldon to go out to the supermarket so I have to get some of your stuff and go

I have never been to your house

Sometimes she 's with Sheldon you don 't think she 's a weirdo
All right, let 's get started
I hope there 's nothing disgusting in it
Like do you two take a bath together?
Wait for an image to come out

It 's not even a joke.
It 's more than that
we can 't give up
we must find her
You only want to find her because she 's cute
Not just because she 's cute
She also owns an expensive drone
It means that she has money and still loves Luanhua, so she loves such a woman

Did you see any clues to find her?
Let me take a closer look she has eagle eyes
Continuity errors can always be found in movies
Not annoying at all there
right there
look at the pins on her dress
Isn 't this from a comic shop?
is it howard zoom

ok zoom in




I know you bitch is disgusting me
But this trick really works
hello we are your downstairs neighbors
we have seen
remember
I invited you to my housewarming party
yeah sorry
That last few months we 've been crazy busy
That was two years ago

Welcome to this building I 'm running for the chairman of the neighborhood committee

I hope you can choose me
you said you would come to play
They also bought a lot of food
Anyway, the meeting is tomorrow
we hope you can come
- i will come - really
Really you better prepare a lot of food

I 'm running for the chairman of the neighborhood committee. I hope you can choose me. Who is the current chairman?
Sheldon Cooper is that tall
such an annoying person
So you want me to turn against Sheldon Cooper?
That 's right you just need to be there... .
no i cant come
He has my restraining order
really why?
I locked him on the roof once
Actually three times

Mrs Patrice Good
We want you to vote for Leonard instead of Sheldon for Sheldon
don 't vote for leonard
don 't vote for leonard
Don 't vote for Leonard
thanks

she wears a brooch from your shop do you know who she is
know it 's cynthia
so she 's a guest
Yeah, but I haven 't seen her in a while
before you comment
I emphasize that many of the reasons why women stop coming to the store are not because of me
But this time . . .
because of me
I was trying out a new flirting smile
I don 't often use the word 'ghoul-like' but
I really can 't think of another word to describe you
wait, do you know how to find her?
Well I should have her mailing address
please let me return the drone to her
do you think you have a chance
- What if she 's married? - She 's not married
It 's destiny

advise you
Just use your usual smile

What are you doing
Leonard and Penny want the tenants to turn against me
They are about to see the power wielded by the chairman of the neighborhood committee. 'You must be taller than here to use the washing machine.'
I 'll hang higher than Leonard
Then his clothes will stink.
No one will vote for someone who wears smelly clothes
After all, another candidate
is the current chairman without any peculiar smell
I have an advanced degree in the field of studying the human brain, so if my fiancé is a nonsense lunatic, how much will it affect my reputation?
What would we have if the leaders gave way every time they met the opposition of the scumbags
I don 't even think about democracy

good performance normal
normal performance normal performance
Hello

you found my drone
Yes, that 's right
It took me a while to find you
But it 's worth seeing your surprised expression
your mouth is so sweet
I am Rajesh
- I 'm Cynthia - nice to meet you
Me too

I think I should give you some reward or something
no, it 's not necessary
no i insist that how about give me your phone number

give me your phone

thanks cynthia i will call you
ok rajesh
thanks again
You are welcome

just in case

Shelton
we found something interesting
What a surprise

I personally have absolutely no idea what they 're talking about
Turns out when Amy rented Penny 's apartment it was in her name and not your right and I moved across the street
Your name is removed from the lease and my name is added to what does it mean

Are you saying that Sheldon is not technically a tenant?
So whoever votes for him is not qualified to be the chairman of the neighborhood committee? I don 't know how you found out
But I guess it 's all up to you. We 'll have to figure it out.
Who should be the new chairman - I nominated myself - I agree

As a woman in love I want to support my man
It 's a pity that bureaucracy kills this possibility

It was tough for me because I do like to find legal flaws and this one is really good
Still not as good as a clause in California law that states that a person who lives in the same apartment for 30 consecutive days automatically becomes an arbitrary tenant
therefore. . .
- I vote for Leonard - you . . .
what
sorry Sheldon
The lower the power [capacity], the less responsibility
And you can 't do it at all
it 's not your fault
Who will not be determined by the laundry room
What time does this power tempt you to wait, it 's you who made me have to the next morning
Just to get the washed jeans? I can 't believe you want me to give this up
Sheldon this is the American way
peaceful transfer of power?
Think Ant-Man
I think about Ant-Man all the time
Michael Douglas puts on his jersey
It 's all passed on to Paul Rudd from the Ant-Man actor maybe you 're right
Isn 't it? Ant-Man 's nonsense, you are actually persuaded by this set


That 's right because he got the details right
This is how a superhero works normally
I think it 's time to pass this on to Leonard
- thank you - yes thank you
I know it 's not easy for you
yes but you know what
I 'm not here now
I can be the opposition
Criticizing and pestering the chairman for everything I think you 'll do a great job
I feel so too
I seem to have made a big mistake
I feel so too

Can 't believe you 're on her phone
That 's right
if this happens
The story of my acquaintance with my wife starts with you and I in the bathtub. How awesome would it be?
For the sake of you and me, let 's delay the beginning of the story a little bit. I have a good hunch about this girl.
we 're very close
Stop flying around
What 's the point of you breaking the drone
Because we have to give it back to that mysterious pretty girl
Did you see how sexy she is
I want to mention the 'gun' to have a baby with her
I already thought about the first date
what panties should i wear
king 's panties

