Are you looking forward to our honeymoon?
I am looking forward
That 's right, it 's time for the attack when no one is there
- we 're here to say goodbye
- Yes, have a great honeymoon
- thanks
- I 'd better go and pack my bags
No, I 've already packed
I just can 't find your mini swim trunks
Mini swimming trunks? I don 't have mini swimming trunks
I 'm going to pack my obscure maxi swim trunks
good, you 're still here
I 'm here to wish you a happy honeymoon
thanks
I want you to know that today I will tell the child 's father
What 's wrong?
- We know the baby 's dad is Rose
- How did you know?
it 's his sweater,
but oh my god
I wish Ross was the first to know
But you know, I 'm really relieved
This is really great I 'm your child 's aunt
I know
i am aunt
i am uncle
come on
- You will all be the children 's aunts, aunts and uncles
- Yes, but only I am related to the child
Now that you know, you can help me advise what I should say to Ross
What are you going to say?
I 'm going to tell him I want to keep the kids
He can do whatever he wants
Sounds good
Yes, but, how should I speak?
I mean what should my opening line be?
- Okay, great, thanks
- Good luck to you, bye bye
What 's up with that?
It seems it 's okay to tell you now
Rachel is pregnant with Rose 's child
What? I have absolutely no idea
why don 't you tell me?
Why am I talking like this?
- I don 't think you can keep it a secret
I 'm a master of secrecy
I 've been keeping all our secrets
- What secret?
- No, Joey
I won 't tell you because I 'm a master at secrecy
- Will you tell me later?
- you already know
It 's so romantic to send someone on a honeymoon
Monica married Chandler
Ross and Rachel are having a baby
- Maybe you and I should find something to do too
- you 're right, my love
Damn, I put my guitar in their house
Can you open the door for me later?
no i don 't have the key they took my key and said it was for you
- what?
They took me and said they were going to give it to you
- Why did they take our keys?
Maybe they don 't trust us
They let me keep their keys the last time they were out of town
That time you broke the ketchup bottle to clean up the towel that Monica gave her guests?
- hey, i washed the towel
- that 's not right, that doesn 't sound like my style
- i need my guitar
- I also have something in his house
- what?
- Monica 's cheese chicken, I gotta get it out of the way
Mr. Trager?
I got Monica and the Chandlers
there is an emergency
gas leak,
Bring the garlic bread
- Did Rachel find you?
- No, what 's the matter?
she is looking for you
Then I 'll see her later
- she really has to talk to you right now
- Yeah, seems to be something important
why no?
I think I know what 's up with her
Really?
Yes, we promised not to tell anyone but . . . Rachel slept with me about a month ago
The results of it?
I thought you 'd be surprised
sorry. . . the result?
We say do it only once . . .
I think she might want to get back with me
I don 't think so
- why? Otherwise what will happen?
- I don 't feel well
I believe that is the case
No wonder she looked at me so weird at the wedding
Didn 't she tell you anything?
- Maybe you 're eating the wrong thing
- Please, go talk to Rachel.
- Ok
Do you know what I realized?
Maybe I 'm the kind of man who makes a woman unforgettable overnight
They are never satisfied with me
I should remember that
Next person
- They 're kissing, let 's go first
- Leave them alone, they love each other and I love you too, but in order
Next person
Hi, can you kiss while walking?
sorry we didn 't hear
we 're going on our honeymoon
let me take a look
First class still has room
She upgraded them to first class because they were going on their honeymoon
- we 're pretending to be on our honeymoon too
- we are indeed going on our honeymoon
touch my ass
- Next person
- sorry, I almost didn 't hear
i love my new husband
we 're going on our honeymoon
- Congratulations
- Thank you. Well, Mr. Po, you are at 25J and Mrs. Po is at 25K.
We 're going on our honeymoon. Can you upgrade us to first class?
Sorry, first class is full and the couple just took the last two seats
see? She 'll give us a first-class seat if you take my word for it, dammit
2 5 Could J and K just not be connected?
I still can 't believe they took my keys and you gave me your keys for safekeeping
Then of course I 'll give it back to you . . .
As long as the guy who cleaned the key wiped it clean
- What 's that sound?
Trager, what are you doing?
- You said there was a gas leak
- Why don 't you open the door with a key?
By the time I find the keys to their house this apartment will probably be blown up
If there 's another explosion in the apartment I manage, people will start asking questions
we can do
You see them walking into the first class lounge
- Do you know what 's in there? - do not know
I don 't know, we have to go in
- Pretend you are a first class guest
- God, there are oranges
- Nice to meet you again
- Sir, please show your ticket
no problem
Please move your thumb away I can 't see the seat number
It 's alright, I 've already carried it, it 's 1 A
- This is not a first class ticket, sorry
- It 's okay, I 'm sorry
Sir I 'm afraid I have to ask you to leave
ok run
I think we really need to have a good talk
That 's right, let 's go first
- Listen, I know why you 're here
- real?
Yes, to make you a little more . . . I think maybe I should say it first
Ross and Rachel
Rachel and Ross
That 's like playing a seesaw, right?
What?
I mean we had a very fulfilling night
But don 't you think it 's better for us to be friends?
You mean . . . what?
Okay, that 's it
We can do it again if you want
i have no problem
In fact I am free now . . .
do you know? Can I speak?
- sure
I am pregnant
Ross
Ross
Well, I 'll wait until you 're ready
By the way, you are the father of the child
- Do you want to drink water?
- i 'm fine
Ross, don 't feel any pressure, okay?
You can do whatever you want
for me. . .
I just don 't know . . .
I don 't understand . . . how could this happen
- We use condoms
- I know
But the contraceptive function of condoms is only 97% what?
What? they should be marked on the packaging
- marked on the packaging
- no
They should be marked on the packaging in big, bold font
- Ross, forget about the condoms
- I knew I didn 't have to worry about it at the time
Listen, you know what? I also freaked out when I found out I was pregnant
- Terrified? I didn 't
I am an angry consumer
- do you know?
we 'll talk later
- No, I want to talk now
I actually want to talk to the chairman of the condom company
Maybe I should come back later . . . ok
ok, i press one
- I 've looked everywhere, the gas is not leaking
- Can I warm this up?
Anyway, I 'll help them install a new door
Can you please stop mentioning this to Chandler and Monica?
Because they don 't have children of their own . . . this door is like their child
I have to get a new lock
they will find out
Looks like it 's going to take a whole day
I have to go and cancel my yoga class
Please tell Molly that I can 't go to yoga class today
no problem
- God, what happened to the door?
- It 's obvious?
- is Rachel here?
- Didn 't you talk about it?
Yes, but . . .
Listen, you know Rachel slept with me . . . but there 's more
Rachel is pregnant
- my god
- I can not believe it
- she 's pregnant with my baby
- it 's the first time I hear this
- You already know that, right?
- know a little
- How are you?
- I 'll be fine
I didn 't handle it
- What did you tell her?
- Didn 't say anything but I talked a lot to the insurance company 's customer service department
- I turned around to realize she was gone
But I just found out that condoms are only 97 percent effective.
- what? - i have to find her
Wait a moment
you are serious?
So there 's a 3 percent chance they won 't function?
They should be marked on the packaging
- they did
- what?
- I can 't believe we 're here
- what a joke
To celebrate your wedding, the hotel will help you upgrade to the Honeymoon Suite
No, you ruined our day
- who are you? - we are you,
Just ten seconds late
You 've taken first class seats, lounges
we deserve free hospitality too
It 's not just you on your honeymoon
We can give you the honeymoon suite
we don 't care where we sleep
We are here to commemorate our love for each other
We don 't need free hospitality, we just want to be together
we need free hospitality
Monica, I 'm Joey
Phoebe and I smell gas in your house
- Really?
Joey smells gas
- What 's new?
- we wanted to take a look, but you took our key
- Find a way to get in
- I can knock your door open
- Yeah, just do that
- You don 't blame us for breaking things?
- Won 't
- Are you knocking on the door?
i don 't hear a sound
- All right, I 'm knocking on the door
He 's knocking on the door, he 's going to knock the door open
Okay, here we are
- Rachel, are you okay?
- If I 'm comfortable, will you judge me?
The doctor will come to you right now to take an ultrasound
Omg, I swear if they sell this at a ceramic store . . .
we need to talk
now?
My current posture is a bit indecent
please, i really . . . i think
I apologize to you for what I just did
- It 's alright, please stay by the head of the bed
- what? sorry i 'm crazy,
I only think of myself I should think of you . . .
- It 's okay, stay on this side of the bed, Ross- Yes.
I want you to know that I 'll always be there for you, okay?
Come for the maternity check-up, take the Lamez breathing class and decorate the apartment for the baby
But we can wait until we are married to worry about those things
- After marriage?
- Yeah, I think we should get married
Is that your solution?
No, then it is right to do
Maybe, as long as we love each other
Ross, we 're not in love, are we?
Yes, but you can 't do it alone
What did you say?
- You can 't even eat at the restaurant alone
- what?
If you can 't eat alone, how can you take care of the child alone?
- I can eat alone
- When did you do that?
When some tablemates have finished eating and I haven 't finished
Some people spend two hours just drinking a bowl of soup
please, you are gobbling
I grew up with Monica
If you don 't eat faster, you won 't have to eat
Did I bother you?
No, Dr. Lange, please come in
He 's Ross, the kid 's dad
But I 'm not her husband because apparently she can raise the kids alone
nice to meet you,
I 'm going to start checking
- Why can 't you admit that you need me?
- I need you on this side of the bed
ok, it looks normal
The picture on the screen is like this is your womb . . .
baby is here
gosh
it 's there, i see
Congratulations
I 'll leave you alone
- thanks
Amazing, right?
i can 't see it
- what?
- i can 't see it
but you said you saw
i know i lied
I don 't want her to think I 'm a bad mother
I can 't even see my own baby
come over
you can see
come over
right here
so beautiful
I saw
- Really?
- no, i can 't see
ok come on
Did you see that little thing like a peanut?
sweetheart, that 's the one
That 's the one?
I saw
- thanks
- You 're welcome
I can 't believe that 's our baby
Yes, that 's our child
- what did the doctor say?
- Everything is going smooth
- very good
- show them pictures of your uterus
i can 't see the baby
I couldn 't see it at first
But it 's just... .
Ross, I can 't see anymore
I saw a man in your freezer
don 't tell anyone
You play cards with me as a bet ?
let me go
no more kisses and no more weddings
Have you tried letting your hair loose?
Had
very beautiful
thanks
Do you feel ashamed to date me?
Gaby will be furious if he finds out
oh my god you still love her
I 'll be Mrs. Victor Lang in a few months
I didn 't realize I had so much patience... .
thanks
- Did you tell Bree that you 're engaged?
- said
she 's hiking in switzerland, but still sent me a basket of muffins
- just kidding
- Do not
It 's been 5,000 miles and it 's still fresh
I really don 't know how she did it
hey it 's time
Let 's pop champagne
wait a minute
You wouldn 't embarrass me with an emotional toast, would you?
I won 't but Susan wrote a poem
A poem ?
She changed the lyrics to her poems
Audio test
One two three audition
What are you waiting for?
Go pop champagne
OK
thanks
Hey Gaby
嘿 E die!
I finally met Victor
He 's so charming
Is he very nice?
I know it 's going a bit fast but he 's amazing
So do you really love him?
yeah i 've never been so happy
I 'm so excited for you
E die are you okay?
yes i - - i 'm fine
Oh dear
Don 't worry, you 'll find the right person soon too
What do I know?
In fact I have found
I . . . I 'm crazy for him
who is it ?
oh no no no
tonight is yours
Oh no no E die
Say it
Knowing who made you so happy, I 'll be happy too
- Really ?
- Of course !
I wonder who made you grin like that
Well it 's actually Carlos
Who ?
C a r l o s
i 'm dating carlos
Here 's Why Gabrielle Soolis Was Injured On Engagement Party Night
Although she just smiled
In fact, Gabrielle was hurt a lot more than others saw
G reg sure drink addiction committed again last week . . .
The postman stayed at Sarah 's house for over an hour
He seems to be delivering more than just packages.
I can smell whisky on A my 's breath
It 's not even noon yet.
Joanne said she was taking a religious retreat but when did she start praying to make her breasts bigger?
What kind of woman would hide her husband 's body in a freezer?
Hidden for 10 years? It 's crazy
Has anyone talked to her?
I knocked on the door twice
she ignored me
Oh I saw her curtains move
I think I see her hands
Oh that 's nice now we know she 's watching us
Why should we feel embarrassed?
It 's not that we hid a frozen body in the basement
well said
She also showed you the child
Oh gosh I can 't even imagine how many times she 's taken ice cream out of that basement
I mean gosh, if you want to freeze your husband, get a freezer
Do you think she killed her husband?
I think it is
Otherwise why hide the body?
So far she has only been charged with wrongful disposal of a body
But as long as the body is thawed and an autopsy is done, I bet they 'll find a belly full of arsenic
What is arsenic?
just-- just something disgusting darling
keep playing your ball go go go
I try not to let the kids know about it
Kids don 't need to know such things
Damn we shouldn 't know
you wait for me for a while ?
嘿 E die!
Oh hey Gaby!
What 's wrong ?
I thought about it. Do you know how I . . . how do I feel about this?
Do you feel that sometimes people hate you?
I don 't think you should because it is
Since when? When you start doing things that other people hate
what did i do? oh i don 't know
My first thought was . . . dating your friend 's ex-husband
oh oh so the smile on your face that night was fake
Do you mind if I date Carlos
E die has thousands of single men in the scenic area
Why do you have to be with my ex? You are already engaged to someone else!
What do you care? That 's embarrassing!
That-- that 's like I donated my dress to a charity and you showed up wearing it when I went to a party
Again, you 've already given away what the hell do you mind?
Listen to E die, go find the one who suits you and stop picking up what 's left of others!
Am I not?
That 's what you get
oh please
You are as tall as my legs
What else can you do?
you 'll know soon
Who is this time?
Um. . . is I an
Do you want to say something to him?
Do not
He also brought tweed I don 't care if it looks like two dozen roses
oh yes i hope those thorns kill him
Ok mom I know Mike and Ian are doing it wrong but--
They put me on a poker bet
They decide my fate with a hand of five cards
'Wrong' simply can 't express how bad it is
Okay okay but only the two of them in the world know all your flaws and find a way to love you
Are you really going to give up on both?
yes
i don 't need a man
I don 't even need sex
The first 16 years of my life didn 't . . .
I can still go on like this without me for 22 years now.
it must be interesting
what ?
Mike is here too
give up
The first ten times she ignored you
It won 't matter now
so sad
You really have the steadfastness of the British
do you know ?
I really want to give you some color to see
I like you more comatose pooping in the bag!
Then you 're lucky I don 't have that bag with me now
ok let 's go
ah excuse me?
guys? hey my mom really wants you two to get away
Don 't speak so softly
Let them know I 'm serious
Ah because if you-- you don 't leave she 's going to be very, very disappointed
Yell at them!
Then you . . . go home and think about what you did
If you want to be harsher, then do it yourself!
Here comes the dish - Braised Duck Wontons with Mushroom Cream Sauce
how do you feel ?
I think it 's too bad you didn 't make yourself a copy
hey dear
hey i just wanna say i love you
Are you so sweet?
What 's so loud?
The kids haven 't slept yet?
to them not wanting to sleep
Of course they don 't want to
They 're kids and you 're dad
put them to sleep
I tried darling but they want to wait for you back
They . . . they miss their mother
Ah, are you trying to make me feel guilty for letting me go home earlier?
Lynette restaurant closed half an hour ago
P reston Don 't litter the pudding!
Oh Tom . . . I 'm so sorry
I can 't go back now
We uh . . . are doing an inventory so . . . will take a while
Oh well
- try to hurry? - i will
i love you goodbye
inventory ?
i know i 'm a bad guy
I just chose the latter between motherhood and ravioli
I gotta-- I gotta go home
Lynette you have nothing to feel guilty about
You juggle every day for the restaurant, if anyone should take a break, it 's you
I 'm so sensible
give me some more
come that too
where are you here
what are you doing outside ?
Some kids throw eggs at Mrs McCluskey 's house
oh my god
they shouldn 't be like that
we should go talk to her
Do not
too late
She probably doesn 't want us to disturb her
come on kid
time to sleep
We gotta do this -- we don 't even talk to E die anymore
What do you mean by 'we'?
I said 'we' because she betrayed me and you are my best friends so you should support my friends
'Support you' means . . . acting like a junior high school ?
I can 't believe you didn 't get mad at this
She was dating your ex and Mike before she reached out to Carlos
yes you know who i blame ?
I blame Karl and Mike
Why is no one mad at them?
I mean we have to face
those men they got away with it
They are scum!
Well, let 's talk about E die . . .
I 'm not sure if I 'll join forces against her
yes ?
I didn 't really feel comfortable standing by your side when you and Patty M onroe were arguing over the backyard fence, but I got your back
Gaby is so unfair
No one likes to dig through old accounts
Stop making me talk about what I did for you, okay?
I still don 't go to Mrs. Kim 's for a spa just because you didn 't do a good job in that hair removal.
sky
Can hair removal be a problem?
let her show you later
But good friends not only eat and chat together
They have a common enemy
Do you support me in the end?
Of course we support you
We 'll be cold to E die
no no
Not cold but cold!
I want that bitch to shiver with cold
Hello
Hello
Still want me to see your book report?
Dad helped me to see it yesterday
you were not at home yesterday
Oh fine
Dad does everything now
why do you come back so late every day
The restaurant is really busy
I 'll get back to my dad soon trust me
you 're lying
what ?
You laugh every time you lie
How do you say that?
This is a fact
I 'm coming back late because there 's so much to do and I 'm the only one who can do it now I 'm going to buy something because I 'm the only one who can go
Go up there and do your homework
OK
But that 's your life
Feel sorry
oh hey sorry
This is my parking space
I parked here so this space is mine
I waited for the guy to pick his teeth and make three calls to get this seat
you can 't just steal
This is just a parking space!
Don 't secrete so many hormones
OMG!
you do this delibrately!
for what i was trying to do
crazy bitch
Know what you are doing?
what to do
what to do
I want to get my parking space back
go out
go out
hi hi
apologize to me
Let me go !
Apologize !
ok i apologize
Saying I 'm a reckless bastard I want to treat women with respect!
I 'm a reckless conceited . . . what 's next
do not move !
Is this guy trying to steal your car?
This is my car
She tripped me and took my keys
is that so ma 'am
Well, just listen to him!
who are you monitoring
Lynette I called her twice and she didn 't answer
what might have happened
maybe she 's busy
yes it will be clear soon
i call her now
gosh
What 's wrong
she dropped the phone
she pushed me off
maybe she has something to do
no no
It must have something to do with Gabrielle Solis
She made everyone cool off me
are you surprised ?
I said how she would react if she knew about us
what
If she wants to play little girl tricks let her do it
because it was me
L y n e t t e !
hey! hey
I just called you
Really? Must be the phone not on hold
Oh, it 's alright
Bring the kids to Travers ' birthday party on Saturday
I 'll ask the amphibian guy to bring those snakes and lizards
Oh the kids will love it but I still have work to do
Oh what a coincidence I thought you 'd serve us food
provide food ?
I 'm going to prepare pasta and salads for the parents and at least 20 pizzas for the kids
Want so much ?
yes you know the kids
If one kid throws a pizza party, the other kids want it
It 's good for business
ok i can do me a favor
oh i know you 'll help me
uh . . . love you
No matter how the court report is written
I have no irritability problems
I just had a bad day
You threaten to chop off someone 's head because of a parking space?
very bad day
Susan is out of control like you usually have a reason
Are you going well at work?
work well
Why don 't you just sign that document and tell the judge I 'm fine
What about at home?
Home is also good
Seriously you 're wasting your time here
What about love life?
cancel my lunch
I have to stay here for a while
Damn can you please don 't press . . .
Sorry Parker
I thought it was those little bunnies who ran off after ringing the doorbell
What do you want to say?
I want you back to take care of us
The new babysitter sucks!
You hired a new babysitter?
Yeah, she also treats carrots as our snack
That 's bad but . . . life is like that sometimes
not necessarily
You just tell everyone what happened to your husband and everything will go back to the way it was.
Did Parker see those women?
No matter what I say, I can 't escape their tongues
sorry kid but . . .
I have to wait for this
Can you imagine? !
Look and find two people you trust playing poker with you as a bet
So shameless?!
It depends on how you look at it
Men have fought over women for centuries
I admit poker isn 't as romantic as spear jousting but it also shows how they feel about you
The question is how do you feel about them?
I said it . . . hurt and betrayed
How did you feel about them before the poker issue?
I 'm engaged to I an . . . so. . . obviously I love him
And what about Mike?
do you love him too?
- Is it almost time?
- Susan okay okay i loved him
i still love him i love i an
So that means I 'm desperately in love with two men
Finally found the focus of the problem
very good
No! Very bad!
This shouldn 't have happened!
I only let myself fall in love with I an because I thought Mike was lost for me
Then all of a sudden he tried to get back with me and now I can 't decide
I agree it 's hard
Let people collapse!
If I choose Mike then I an will be heartbroken but I an don 't deserve this treatment
But how can I say no to Mike after all he 's been through?
So you just leave the two of them?
You have to make a choice sweetheart
You have two good men who are crazy about you
Give up one . . . that is life is normal
Both give up . . . that 's really . . .
stupid enough?
That 's right, objectively speaking.
sounds great thanks
Hi do you want to eat anything other than pasta and pizza ?
Does such food exist?
Give me a break
not mine . . my friend A l is opening a southern style restaurant . . .
Sunday night he wanted some buddies to preview the menu
He said I could take someone
Then. . . and then. . . and then you want me to go with you?
That will be after we close
Don 't tell me you don 't like southern food like that and we can 't be friends
no i like it
just . . . just a little late for me and then . . .
oh oh ok
I just thought that would be fun
yeah it would be fun just a little hard on a sunday night
I 'm going to do my lunch check homework . . .
Yeah yeah
do not worry
I know
You are, uh, the first thing that comes to my mind is you
you know, maybe i should go
Well . . . checking the competition is also part of it, right?
yeah for sure
go see it can 't be wrong
I agree
hi kids go see those snakes
Can I get you some pizza later?
- see you later - ok see you later
- Hi, do you want a quick pizza? - Yes
Here you go Lynette!
What are you doing here?
E die put me in charge of food
I know I 'm cheap but please don 't tell Gaby
嗨 Susan!
I bought 30 copies of your book
The kids can 't wait for you to sign it
Come, let 's go! Come, come, come!
see we are in the same boat
Yeah just I didn 't know E die was going to have a party in the park
What if Gaby sees us?
trust me don 't worry
I spoke to her this morning and she 's going out with Victor all day
Okay then don 't worry
let 's go
do you dare
Hi! what are you doing?
'Witch'
- Hey don 't fuck around! - Why not?
- Because she 's not a witch - how do you know?
No, no, don 't be dumb
Who is she, your girlfriend? Parker is in love!
Shut up !
Hey kids! Stop it!
Parker sorry
Are you OK ?
If you tell everyone what you told me, nothing will happen
you can stop them
Hi Lynette I 'm Gaby
Victor was dragged to take pictures and there wasn 't even a place to rest
So I 'm free for lunch
Do you want to eat together?
I contacted Susan but it 's weird that she 's not at home her car is still in the driveway and so are you
Where have you all gone?
Get down! Get down! Get down!
what !
Lynette what are you crazy about?
Gaby is here
What?! Didn 't you say she was with Victor? I was wrong
I was wrong, follow me, follow me
Mommy, can I play together? No!
Ride your boa constrictor!
hurry up
'Rental Crawler'
alright alright she 's going around the park
oh i hope she hurry up i 'm afraid of snakes
Oh yeah but I 'm more afraid of Gaby
alright, alright
we are almost safe . . .
What 's wrong ?
don 't look back
L y n e t t e !
S u s a n !
Hi Gab
Hey what are you two doing here?
Um what are we doing here?
Oh E die asking me to serve food is really just business
I don 't know why she 's here
I can 't believe you 're dead
This is a total betrayal of our friendship
Gaby She wants me to do 20 pizzas delivered to my door I can 't say no
Oh, there 's a good show here
Is our friendship worth 20 pizzas to you?
- We have three chapters of the law!
- oh don 't do that Gaby be sane
You 're embarrassing us
- Me? You two have to apologize to me
- Don 't Gaby be sane
I 'm leaving this party right now if you don 't come with me right away
- Our friendship ends here
-   G a b y !
Less coming - why?! - no!
I 'm serious !
Carlos stop!
Let me down! What are you doing!
let me go !
Carlos put me down!
How dare you arrest me like this!
You 're ruining Travers ' birthday party
What the hell are you doing?
I 'm sorry that their betrayal drove me crazy
Come on, Gaby, you have no right to interfere with who Susan and Lynette are friends with
I 'm here to tell you what 's absurd is that you don 't have the face to tell me you 're dating E die!
ridiculous
Oh no
Yeah, I only found out about it at the engagement party
Then I didn 't even see the news of your engagement to that Victor on TV.
I didn 't plan to do that
just on impulse
So what did you mean when you said hey, what kind of plane are you doing?
- You fell in love with that man ?
- yeah love deeply
great
Don 't you fall in love with E die?
We are happy together but never serious
So . . . if I 'm dating and you fall in love with someone else and get married . . .
Please remind me why you are so messing around?
sorry Carlos you should be so sorry
- hey-hey !
how much cake do you want to take home
I don 't want to be tempted
I want to bring something to Tom . . .
Hi Mrs M c C luskey
Would you like some cake too?
I 'm not here for dessert
I know you 're all talking about me and I think the only way to shut you up is for me to come forward and clarify
So . . . who wants to hear those scary details?
- I think
- hmmm . . . well if you want to say . . .
Okay first -- some of you might find it a bummer but I didn 't kill Gilbert
I got home from a weekend at Laughlin (water casino) to find him dead in front of the TV
I still have the remote in my hand, oh my god
It was two in the morning and I decided to wait until morning to call the funeral home
I went to the table to check the situation
Then I found his pension plan and guess what?
I am not the beneficiary of his death
- Who is that? - His first wife
He married that woman as soon as he started working . . . for only two years.
We lived together for 34 years and that idiot didn 't change the file
Not only did I lose Gilbert, I lost everything
So I . . . um. . .
you hid him in the freezer and proceeded to cash checks
Oh what else can I do?
Besides, it feels good that he 's still by my side after a while
Don 't talk about it. . . it 's the truth anyway
Ladies can spread the word . . . but some don 't need it
Didn 't expect me to come, huh?
oh i made 20 calls and you didn 't answer . . . yeah really can 't believe it
Speaking of that . . . obviously . . . I 've been bothered
I finally went to see a psychiatrist
Actually that 's what the court ordered me to do, let 's not talk about that . . .
uh . . . i want to chat with you
you are sure
yes
i want to marry i an
Believe me, it was very hard to make this decision, especially if you remember our past
- Maybe it 's time-shifting - no
sorry Mike
At least I still have memories
- Are you ready to go?
- yes
I told Kim to close the rest of the time and she was going to lock the door
- great
I . . . umm . . . to get the clothes
- OK
Hi! Is there a table for seven people?
- Hi! - Hi!
What are you doing here?
The kids are going to give you a surprise we always eat together as a family so you . . . how did you get here ?
I mean you can 't drive
I took a taxi and took two doses of painkillers. What 's wrong with that?
- Surprise?
- yeah a bit
we all miss you
oh i miss you too
Hey go grab a big table and I 'll let Rick get us some snacks
hey wow you smell so good
Oh it must be mint
smells good
Hey Kayla, will you go and get a high stool for your sister?
- OK- OK, who wants pizza?
oh hi plans have changed
yeah see it
Excuse me
But you keep going... .
oh no i stay
I 'll cook a meal for your family
thanks
Thank you dear girl
you really take care of me
When will Lynette come home?
She 'll be back as soon as the pizza shop closes
Is that Rick helping her?
Better yet, we pay him
I think Lynette likes him
Of course
Others are good and work quickly
no i mean she likes 'he' likes 'him'
How do you say that?
Just as far as I can see
ok good night dad
Mrs. Susan Hainsworth, God I like to call you that
Do you want to keep your name?
Because I love this name to death
Just let me call you 'my wife'
make a deal
Don 't you think we 're going to live in a honeypot?
I mean it might be too sweet
people will throw fruit
Oh I 'm going to clean up here
Why don 't you go upstairs and warm the bed first?
Do you really know that we are going to be together forever?
I know
Hi Susan I don 't want to disturb you
It 's just that I still have a lot to say
I . . . I can 't say goodbye bye
Anyway, you are the most beautiful scenery in my life. I hope you can have a happy home.
goodbye
oh i 'm mike
嗨 Susan
uh . . . i don 't want to bother you
It 's just that I still have a lot to say
oh.. goodbye, goodbye, I can 't say
Anyway, you are the most beautiful scenery in my life
I hope you can have a happy home
goodbye
oh i 'm mike
Where are you going ?
back home . . . back to the uk
British country?
What 's wrong ?
Oh just . . .
What am I not going to work for?
Ten minutes ago we were still sketching the future and you said how happy we were with each other
I . . . saw you listened to Mike 's message
Oh I an I made a choice
but not for the right reasons
You 're just trying to honor the promises you once gave me
not like this
i will forget Mike
You have to forget him since I met you
It hasn 't been going well, has it?
I an i love you
I know you love me
But you love him a little more, don 't you?
I don 't want to feel so far away every time I see my wife
I 'll be cranky thinking you 're thinking about him
I am so sorry
you deserve happiness
me too
Goodbye Susan
Hi Mrs M c C luskey
Lynette, well our new babysitter is not doing well
Want to start the journey of responsibility again?
Are you sure you want me, the 'Wisteria Lane Witch', to take care of your children?
my kids know you 're not a witch
broken
I should get a wand
we miss you
me too
but i want a raise
I 'm penniless, okay?
I just told Mrs. McCluskey that she 'll be here again to help us with the kids.
- great - yeah
And I keep thinking . . . it 's time for me to go back to work
- what ?
- That 's right, I 'm fine
I should walk around
But . . . the doctor said it would take a few months for you to recover and it 's only been six weeks
I don 't mean to . . . pull a big bag of ice cubes with my bare hands. I can spray pizza with cheese.
And . . . I don 't want you to be alone in supporting the restaurant
- I don 't mind- do you?
 'Cause you said before that it 's better for you to die
Yeah I said it but I don 't want you to go back to work before you recover
you will get hurt again
I will be careful
The biggest advantage is that you can get rid of Rick
Rick? Why should you fire him?
I know he 's fine but . . . um. . . his salary affects our earnings
Actually he can bring more than his salary
I mean he 's got a bunch of fans for all those new dishes he cooks
Really? Yeah
I think firing him was a big mistake
oh i just thought about it
Well don 't think too much
get well soon
That 's what we 're gonna do
Are you coming back late at night?
Most likely
There 's a big party at 10
so. . .
I can only see you in the morning
- I 'm waiting for you
- it is good
嗨 I da
what 's up ?
That idiot postman messed up our letters again
Oh poor Mr Henley his memory is getting worse
thank you for stopping by
Hey, have you heard about Mike?
No, what happened to him?
- he moved
- moved ?
What 's the meaning ?
Mona Clarke can 't sleep at two in the morning with pantothenic acid she sees Mike packing everything
Then that doesn 't make sense.
Mike won 't leave without saying hello
he did
According to Carlos, something bad happened, Mike needs to hide for a while
it 's a pity
I have always liked him
I want to be a deputy manager but obviously . . . to flirt with Mrs. Scavo to get the job
He 's still dating E die but everyone can tell he 's still in love with Gaby
Are you the old lady of the legendary 'Refrigerator'?
yes it 's me
Scary, isn 't it?
Welcome to the Williamsburg restaurant. My name is Max because the hospital won 't let my mom pronounce my name as 'Oops'
What 's new when I 'm out of town in the summer?
Fresh? I think. . .
Facebook goes public, Snowden hides underground
Kim Kardashian and K anye West have a baby, so there is another Kardashian reality show 'K eep U pwith the Kardashians'
Paula Day is out of work, same-sex marriage bill passed, food host has repeatedly caused trouble for racist remarks, a California teacher has also been laid off for engaging students
Justin Bieber hit and run C hris Brown also hit and run
R ihanna was beaten down and still didn 't run away
Oprah gave Lindsay $2 million to lure her into the show Michael Douglas gave a woman oral sex and got throat cancer, so men all over the world have one more excuse not to give a woman a blowjob
The situation in Egypt is chaotic A manda Byrnes, the chaos is even worse
And Texas hates women (passes anti-abortion bill) Florida hates black cop who killed black guy Trayvon Martin acquitted
And everyone hates everything except Angelina - Jolie
I mean what 's new on the menu?
i don 't know let me ask
Hey Caroline is there anything new I need to know ?
Royal baby smiles at queen
I mean things in our shop
Oh looks like we 're cleaning the forks now? I ask
Look at Max, we go from being pitiful in polyester to proud and strong with just a quick change of clothes
like superman
But Superman is in a phone booth, not a shop with a 'Happy Hour Call Max' sign
If you are not satisfied why write it?
Because I don 't have enough eyeliner to write 'Call Caroline for fun'
Check out our 'Max Handmade Cupcakes' T-shirts again
See the sign?
I actually try not to look at that area of ​​your ladies ' breasts
make me bright
Oh Earl, you 're one in a million
Because 9 9 9 9 9 9 men will only look at my area
i have to go home
I really miss growing up in Korea
What do you miss? Adolescence?
Max I 'm medium in our country
In my head I 'm still rich and my health insurance isn 't Flintstones chewable vitamins
Who would have thought to go back and see how awesome our brand new cake shop is?
Calm down R achael Ray (cooking show star hosts many brainless fans)
Don 't get too excited about the opening tonight
The last time it was very big, the business situation was not very good
It 's like saying that people around the nuclear blast are not doing well.
what !
Girls, I 'm so proud of you both, where you fall where you get up
After my first jazz album failed to sell
I turned my life on to drink and do drugs to spoil the girl
It 's funny how things go wrong
But why is your cake shop open at this time?
- It 's 2am now - we 're open from 2 to 4
Our target consumer group is the 'after club' group
drunk williamsburg man
The same target group as when I placed the order is now the target of my new store
It 's funny how things go wrong
We didn 't expect much from the opening tonight
It is a soft opening (trial opening)
What is the difference between soft and hard?
Want me to show him?
thank you no
It really doesn 't take a minute
no need for O leg
Declare that I have entered the state
Get this room ready for a gorgeous transformation
- R achael Ray again? - Say what you want
H an close our eyes before we go in
I want you to have a full experience
I still want to trip you up
- she was joking - no she didn 't
yes i don 't have
Han I promise I won 't let her trip you
close your eyes
- what 's wrong? - now i think
she 's gonna hit me
- she doesn 't - no i have
Okay stop talking and close your eyes
Just show me the smelly room in the back
Let me turn off the lights to add some drama
what 's wrong? i didn 't do anything
it 's me
Now he knows what hard is
I can 't believe my eyes
That 's how I felt when I saw you for the first time
Bottles and jars are the original tiles are the original tools and the original
What do you think of O leg ?
Good
'It 's fine' ? You just say 'It 's fine?'
This place turns out to be a mouse adventure park!
They 're lining up to bite us
Caroline showed them the wound
- I don 't want to- is fine?
This house used to smell like poo suicide
or the cesspool of death
Check out our results! We created
The best and coolest cupcake shop I love !
But you know you can 't be too fanatical, it 's just a trial operation
And ah, Han, it 's all possible thanks to you for letting us rent it for free here
Free rental? Let me recall
When exactly did I say 'free hire'?
On the 27th, at a quarter past four in the afternoon, you said
'I don 't care about that garbage dump, you can use it for free'
'It doesn 't matter to me if it burns to the ground'
I knew that if I learned English, I would be bitten back sooner or later.
Someone knocked on the door already? That 's a good sign Max
open
Look girls I 'm blowing my horn for you
Thank you Sophia but we don 't want to be too high profile just a soft opening
oh i love soft opening
- hello Sophia - oh hello O leg
Sophia, sorry for the awkward meeting
If we had known, you would come to surprise us
- we won 't invite O leg - yeah
I was there when you two broke up and I 'm still suffering from PTSD
'Post-traumatic Sophie shit'
Where 's the blood
The best dog blood drama award will be awarded to
Aren 't we right? O leg?
Yeah, we 're friends now
Girls I cheated so she smashed my car window
And the windows of my apartment
And your stereo and flat-screen TV
And my brother 's flat-screen TV and his daughter 's computer
yeah she scared me she shouldn 't be home at that time
We have restored good night friends
Goodnight friend
and O leg
This speaker is so cool
Darling, look at a guest coming
Hi cool buddies!
Come and eat at the shop where the girl is trying to open! (softopening also refers to soft private parts. . . )
It 's also far from what I thought, but let 's take it
how are you
What are there?
Welcome to Max Handmade Cupcakes
In England we call it 'fairy cake'
Fairy cake? Damn
Why are all handsome guys gay ? ( fairy refers to gay )
Give us this plate
gosh !
American express black card?
I haven 't held a black one in my hands for years.
I 'm guessing you 've never held a black one.
Sorry today is our first day open for cash only
This guy is a complete mess
- What 's your addiction? - I 'll be almost there in a while
I don 't know what I 'm drinking but I 'm jealous
Now I 'm really jealous
I 'm sure he 'll be fine
Oh I bet he 's not only going to be alright
He will be my next boyfriend
R ond get up dude
he 's not breathing
I can 't wake him up to call 9 1 1!
Hit 9 1 1 !
Everyone, calm down, I 've seen this kind of thing a lot
One summer I gave a part-time job to a drug den, looking out for the wind. He 'll wake up soon. He 's dead.
I 've mispoken
Max died in front of our store last night and the man was a rock star
He also dated Kate Moss
No offense but isn 't dealing with Kate Moss the same as UK law?
Must do as soon as everyone turns 21
His name is Roland Glass and he has released two gold records
Can 't believe I 've never heard of him
I believe
You haven 't listened to the 'Newsboy Legends' soundtrack
Yesterday was a rock star, not today
Things are unpredictable so I ordered breakfast from the awesome breakfast shop on the corner
The breakfast you ordered from 'Best Latte'? Originally magnacumlaude, Latin for top grades, I pass by that shop every day and there are only two things on my mind
The first wife really wants to have a gun ( cum : homophonic ejaculation )
Second, one day my mother will order a delivery breakfast that must have the best croissants
Who knows, maybe I smoked too much tonight and died unexpectedly
But at least die on what my mom loves the most
You 're right, Max, you only have one life
Y O L O   ( Y o u   O n l y   L i v e   O n c e )
Say 'YOLO' next time and you 'll be dead
No, bad news again
Google Alert for Max Handmade Cupcakes Say you have a Google Alert for our business ?
I only have google alerts for 'oprah topless'
Not that it will happen, but if it does happen, I 'll be the first to know.
I read online that Roland Glass died in front of our store
Well, my phone is also dead. It 's really contagious.
O leg, why are you still carrying the lights from our shop?
Don 't you mean I 've hung up? I mean I 'm a big bird
I can 't hang it now. You are full of people in front of the window
Is there someone in front of our window?
Dude, is this where my Roland died?
Yeah right there then I gotta put the candle here next to Paddington Bear
Picked up at his last concert
also picked up (infected) this herpes
Why did you just lie down and die?
How could he meet this first and laugh before dying?
Smile? Sister
Max come to talk
Sorry, the hat is so pretty
Thank you for picking it up in the trash
Max what are you doing?
Don 't say he hit that
Let 's get this out of the way
Otherwise, there will be no business
girl, three dozen cakes
have to do
How much is a group of buddies coming to the vigil tonight? 7 bucks
why so expensive
Brother, so Roland can rest in peace
*knock knock on heaven 's door*
He hit here before he fell
I fell down and looked at me and laughed
Satisfied and peaceful
A 7 bucks cash only
I said 50 can be broken open?
M a x
What do you call me to do?
Break 5 0
Okay for hair for hair ?
*knock knock on heaven 's door*
1 0 block 1 0 block 1 0 block 1 0 block
Max is almost sold out
I have to get some more from the kitchen
ok here comes
E a r l ?
coming
The old method gives you 3 cents for every dollar sold
It 's a pity to go
Do you know how much we can make if we sell marijuana?
Do you want to join the team too? The old way
Damn hippie smell better than a shithole
Han people show respect in mourning
I give respect? Respect for what?
What are you two going to do next? Selling cakes to diabetic children at the Children 's Hospital?
Do you doubt my sincerity?
I just kicked a homeless man off the memorial altar and he urinated twice
It doesn 't matter whether I say those words at 4:15 p.m. on the 27th
Your business is booming, I want to collect rent
Dreaming, you Han, he overdose and died.
God favored us to let him die by my window
Life is too short to accept
YOLO
What is this 'YOLO', it 's obviously a 'HODO', but it 's a pity that he died once (H e O nly Died O nce )
Just sell T-shirts with 'HODO' on them
You still don 't stop?
We 're taking cakes to soothe wounded hearts
And tell you we sell with respect *knock knock knock on Apple Store door*
I 'm fed up with business making money
must rent to me 2 0 0
What a year?
One month, is there such a cheap place in such a good place?
That 's what we cleaned up
Just show him the rat 's teeth marks!
Max people don 't want to
Give me 2 0 0 a month no matter what you say, I have decided!
- Show him his teeth marks! - Take it off!
Your butt was bitten by a mouse?
ok give me 1 9 5
You said rent-free Han this is what you said
This is a business that can 't be mixed with personal feelings
Can you understand my pain point?
Show him the teeth marks on the front!
Don 't be too private
- I 'm sorry for making you sacrifice - I 'm sorry
- recovering well - don 't console me
We also put some flowers there as a little thought
feel so warm
As if you didn 't steal the flowers
Max is about love
Besides, isn 't the one in other people 's garden more economical?
What about the memorial altar?
Ruxiu is going to deceive me!
no matter what you say
*knock knock on heaven 's door*
Can you believe it?
He made a fortune
don 't call us
Tonight, our shop is launching Roland Fried Chicken in Los Angeles to commemorate it!
Table of condolences can be discounted to 8 yuan 9 cents 5
The dark side of the little cricket is about to be revealed ( Jiminy Cricket : The little cricket in Pinocchio )
No way Max this is our memorial altar
Take the bears away
And bring back the altar of the dead?
Wait for me to pay tribute to my self-esteem
it just died here
Max, are you going to succeed?
Take these limericks if you want and move them back to our window with no rhyme at all
Because it 's our dead treasure
Are you being a little unkind?
'Continue to rock in heaven Kevin loves you'
rhyme
eh? knocked over a candle eh? caught a small fire
Burned to the shoes
If you don 't put this fire out, this will be my memorial service
Look! Look!
These two girls actually sabotaged the memorial altar of the dead!
Look! There 's a cockroach running out of the restaurant! Step on it!
Look, you hippies, put down your bongs and watch
They disturb the peace of the dead for their own economic benefit!
hey that 's not good
That 's it!
- It 's him! - Yeah! Look at him!
Roland Glass died so tragically in front of our fancy cake shop window
See it? 'Tragic' 'Romantic' ?
This rhythm pops out
Hey !
hey he knows !
Yesterday the memorial altar was placed in front of our window and I told him not to pee there!
right ?
Yeah, that bitch
That 's right! That 's right! I 'm that bitch!
man this is not good
throw him out
This is my wallet!
STOP! NOT MY WALLET
stop !
stop !
Don 't make trouble to all the cast members of 'Rock of Ages'!
Put him down, he 's not a bad guy
Even if you wear it like this with your head on
Seriously, do you want to be so unscrupulous in order to succeed?
Just let Han be torn to shreds?
I am considering
C a r o l i n e
Max i 'm thinking
Well now no one 's knocking on our windows
There are more people lying dead outside the back door
I thought again about what we did today
How did we let Han survive?
Are you there
I got you some rock star puddings as a thank you
What 's in a rock star pudding? Pills?
Broken dreams? Tear-soaked panties?
C a r o l i n e ?
I 'm not as talkative as Max ( easy )
All the girls in my class said this when I was in seventh grade ( easy : easy to soak)
see i was wrong
No Han, I was wrong
we should pay rent
I 'm not talking about rent
Rent? Who said anything about rent?
I shouldn 't say it 's not a private matter, it 's a commercial act
Max stop those stinky hippies
After tearing me to pieces
I realize that our affairs are more about personal affairs
Of course there is also a little business relationship ( alittlebusiness )
A little JJ huh? ( alittlebusiness )
Otherwise what can you have?
Max don 't be so mean to Han ( behardon Han )
He doesn 't charge us rent
Who said no rent
I came up with a price that I felt was right
- $250,000 - yeah that sounds right
I remember that was the original goal of your cake shop.
Then we 'll talk about rent when you get to that number.
Han you are so kind
I can 't bear to spoil the atmosphere. I really don 't want to tell you that she just said 'H an erection' ( hard - on Han )
Really Han you are so generous
But we 're a little sorry for this, or we 'll count you a share in this business?
I 'll just wait for the rent. You 're my good friends.
Finally a woman is willing to dedicate a little to Han, but he refuses
Max Google Alerts
Oprah is topless?
Max don 't think about it, this can 't happen
Of course not with your attitude
Omg, autopsy shows Roland Glass choked to death on a Max 's homemade cupcake
so unlucky
Hey where did your passion go Rachel Ray?
This place is going to be awesome!
It won 't be long before those cynical hipsters will be lining up at the window and shouting 'Get a cupcake that killed that guy'
Open the window! Back to business girl!
But we can 't expect people to die here every week.
Although I am positive and optimistic, you are too blind and naive
unnecessary
That 's the benefit of having this window
Who knows what will happen next?
Yeah, we don 't have to go out and get business because we 're just waiting on the street for business to come to us
Max feels great to be full of possibilities
Today is an American Express black card tomorrow may be . . .
Max will not be . . .
At other times, there may be a warm little greeting from the homeless.
'The First Family' Synopsis
This used to be my home in the days when I was gone
Marcel got everything I wanted
I want to take it back
I swear my loyalty to you
From now on you have the keys to my kingdom
Are you going to give up on me for him again?
All who love Nicklaus get nothing but pain and death
Nicklaus she 's pregnant with your baby
you have to follow me little wolf girl
I am now under the protection of the almighty Klaus
it 's time for my niece kami to get out of the city
Leave New Orleans and forget everything
Do I know you
you are hypnotized
It 's alright, I can de-hypnotize you
Louisiana Territory 1751 People have come to New Orleans for hundreds of years
In search of a new beginning, in hopes of finding wealth, adventure, and even true love, young French socialites are tricked into coming here by the promise of marriage to a New Orleans aristocratic gentleman.
This is the legendary Casco girl
They don 't know that the man waiting for them is not a noble gentleman at all, nor a gentle gentleman.
Let them out, we 're going to see the women this time
come out, come out
Come out we want women
Don 't be afraid of the lost lamb
The bad guys are gone
We girls need to unite and support each other
Okay, do you have anything to take with you?
The story of the Casco girl is celebrated today in New Orleans-specific fashion, celebrating stylish attire and supernatural talent
The annual festival commemorates women who were forced by selfish men and who triumphed when they fought for themselves
God it hurts
sorry kami
This is the only way to de-hypnotize Klaus
Trust me I know how painful this is
You 'll be fine with these notes you wrote
Don 't believe Krause 's mnemonic is awesome
nice job
We 've been busy all night
I don 't understand what happened to me
I don 't understand all this
but you will understand
I 'll retrieve all your stolen memories for you
When it 's over you 'll understand it all and then you 'll be free
I can stop if you want
don 't stop
I want to remember everything
Do you need help
You might have to use all the magic powers of vampires
please let me do it
thanks
I guess not many Casco girls have big belly
I think you look beautiful in this but I have to . . .
I know I need to cover that weird werewolf birthmark
I don 't think the rabble here would dare to hurt you knowing that you are under the protection of our family
But still be careful
Got puffed up and have nowhere to go
How about this. . .
If you want to join the festival tonight
I 'd love to take you out
You and Klaus are having such a stalemate right now
It 's better not to have trouble in your life, right?
certainly
Elijah
can you unzip the zipper for me
certainly
Mediocre, boring, ugly
Are you talking about clothes or something else?
Why is it insecure?
This festival can be said to be created because of me
I need the perfect dress don 't bother me
- Becca - don 't touch me
you have made a choice
You 're Klaus ' best friend again
You have given up the right to touch me
Guess who 's calling
what 's up
something went wrong
Our little bird escaped from the cage
You should start to feel relieved
Now your little note is easier to understand
I promise as long as the world stops chasing me
I will definitely find the spell for the sun ring
I understand you don 't have to worry about it now
I remember why I wrote this
I found a photo from 1919
it has claus and marcel on it
Klaus hypnotized me to date Marcel so I could spy on him
he told me yesterday before he made me forget everything
I remember
Let 's continue to de-hypnotize
leave new orleans forget me
your brother was sick
There is no meaning left here
Even if you 're not a detective, it 's obvious
Our secret weapon is gone
she won 't just go
she knew the witch was looking for her
Her violin is also missing
Mostly she left voluntarily
what did you tell her in the attic
She lied to me to stay there and counted on you to help her control her mana
How do we know if you took her away
I don 't know where Davina is and why is she running
And can you stay so close to me?
I can guarantee I never want to see this kid get hurt
The bullshit ritual of the Harvest Festival has taken her too far
The girl you motherly said was the most powerful witch in New Orleans
What if she ran away to stop her from destroying all of our achievements
If she 's not our friend then our enemy
She is our friend Klaus
I hope so
Lucky for you, I know how to get her back
follow me
you know how Nicklaus
If he feels threatened he can be cruel and ruthless
This is bad for Davina
I won 't let anyone hurt her
I do not know either
I heard that the little witch is gone, right?
Apparently came out through the front door
do you know what happened?
I don 't know, but I did tell her that the elders were dead
So what do you think she was afraid of when the witches were going to sacrifice her?
I think it 's just that Marcel didn 't tell her that the barrier to her freedom was lifted
So it was you who caused her to leave.
I 'm just telling the truth
It was she who realized she was just a weapon they used to control witches
I 've never been with them
Look, Elijah will join them
And just the three of them will definitely not play.
Used by witches, deceived by Marcel, manipulated by Elijah, threatened by Klaus
She 's the modern Casco girl
Are you talking about Davina or yourself?
does it matter
Anyway, we girls have to unite
Sorry for disturbing you
I called you for an hour
I thought you 'd figure it out
You 've been in a daze since Agnes died.
Can you not just blame me?
Seems like there 's not much to do lately
But when you grab all the walking [men] to cover your pain
I 've been watching around and keeping a low profile and listening to news
Marcel 's daywalkers are going up and down the city
Looking for a girl with brown hair and blue eyes
Déjà vu
If Davina wasn 't with Marcel, he wouldn 't know we cast spells
And if we can find her everything will be remedied
More and more vampires will hunt as the sun goes down
I found this from her old house
Can you see where she is
keep drinking
You need verbena in your body so you won 't be hypnotized anymore
Cammy, do you have a blood bag in your refrigerator?
how can there be?
Davina
someone is casting a spell
they are looking for me
then we must leave now
I can 't escape now
everyone is looking for me
witch marcel klaus
my uncle will do
- Cami - he needs to know here
- what the hell happened - Cammy stopped.
Unless he 's also hypnotized
he knows
what are you talking about
he knows
He and Marcel are together
they can be counted as friends
I can hear them talking
he knows everything
Won 't
If he knew the witch had done a spell on my brother he would have told me
does he really know
Cami
gosh
he always knew
You really should go now
Take any plane, train, car
My car is parked by the dock for you
I will give you the exact location
Store your number in Kami 's phone
Most of the French territories have been blocked
We gotta walk and the sun never sets
don 't cry
Come and join us once it gets dark
ok don 't worry about me
don 't let them find you
I know Klaus asked you to follow me but do you really have to follow me to the bathroom
Call Sophie Devereux and give me two minutes
is my obstetrician
what are you doing
I know you don 't trust me but you gotta listen to me
everything will change
Davina is free
Did you check it out?
But what does this have to do with me
I need your help to get the witches to finish the harvest
Am I sick why help you witches get more power
You 've been casting spells on me
If we don 't finish the harvest we 'll lose our magic forever and it 's not good for your family
How do you know about my family
you are a member of the wolf crescent
Marcel had a witch cast a spell so they could only stay in wolf form
give me a reason not to hang up
Because the witch who cast the spell is my ancestor
You help me complete the Harvest Ritual and I 'll break the spell for you
But what can I do
I need to sacrifice the bones of a powerful witch to drain their magic
I know of a witch whose body was never found
her name is celeste dubo
you should have a mutual friend
Elijah
After her death, Elijah is said to have buried her in a secret location according to her last wishes
I just need you to find that place
People are everywhere now
Keep walking and no one will find you
Cami
we gotta get off this street
Kieran will call me if he finds out
You two look so comfortable
No, I just told Elijah we were wasting time
don 't you like holiday celebrations
Why not
lively street market
Sister, are you here to help us find someone?
You can 't let your secret weapon fall into someone else 's hands, can you?
Just to state that we 'll find her soon
This sounds familiar to me, Nicklaus.
Apparently you 're harboring some nefarious conspiracy
what is
Timsey
can i talk to you
Cammy, I 'm here to harass you again
I just want to know where you are so I can meet you before sunrise
Hello
Joshua 's most disappointing slave
If I called you, you wouldn 't answer
how are you klaus
Guess what I moved to Turkey
It 's weird that Turks don 't eat turkey
- Strange - you 're lying
Marcel and I were just saying that you, the double agent, has been exposed. According to our analysis, you should still be in town with someone else.
a young and angry witch
no no no witches here
But the turkey is delicious
Are you sure you want to leave Davina 's true love, Mr. Timsey, alone with me?
Josh, what would she think?
I promise I just want to talk to her
Tim and I are waiting for you at the mansion
I really hope she gets home soon
How long should we keep going
wait a few minutes
Then I went to see if the coast was safe
Josh I 'm sorry I missed your call
what
I didn 't want to tell you but I know Klaus
He 'll kill Tim if Davina doesn 't show up
we 'll figure out a way
When you go to the French territories, be careful not to be found
We figured out a way to text you
- I 'm going to find him - Davina wait.
I can 't let Tim die
What 's wrong
those witches
Do not
Cami
I 'm just going to get some clothes
give me two minutes
Celeste fascinates me
she is flawless
she died
Even if the sun rises, there is only night in my eyes
But I promised her that if she died I would bury her somewhere away from all the chaos away from witches and vampires and everyone
I 'm sorry Elijah
Don 't be nervous, it 's me, don 't shoot at me
how are you here
you should hide
yes but you too
But the 'I want revenge' look on your face worries me so much
Are you sure you 're going to provoke the most evil man in history?
He was the one who messed with me by taking Tim first.
I 'm gonna kill him kill them all
Ancestor Davina can 't be killed
maybe
I have infinite power
I 've never felt like this
Those forces are building up in me
I am strong Josh
if you kill them then
what
If you really want to do it, do your best
use all your might against them
How sweet you wouldn 't tell Davina if she killed Klaus
It 's so noble that you 'll die with it
The problem is that if she 's going to go find my brother, it 'll be her
Draw a more tragic ending for this already tragic story
Maybe you 'll be willing to give me a hand to help her
where is rebecca
I 'm not worried Rebecca how are you sure Davina will come
Saying that makes people think you 've forgotten how deep it feels to be in a mad obsession
she will come
Does it need to be so sensational? Nicklaus?
you 're right
can timsy please play something pleasant
what a nice guy
It 's been so long for you to spread the word
Have you ever seen his Nightcrawler?
they 're not smart people
Anyway, I accomplished my mission
When Davina comes, you two want me to talk to her
you will have a chance
Hello dear
silence is golden thank you timsy
Davina
I 've come to get him down
So you and I have to talk about you coming back to us first
Remember what I said Klaus
let me come to davina what happened
why are you running away tell me
I can help you out
How do I threaten my friend 's life?
Actually that was my idea I 'm sorry
Sometimes I go a little too far to take a stand
But it does work
You pretend to be confident but the truth is
You 're scared to let everyone see your real face You 're just a beast
beasts
Why not show us your real face
I have had enough of you
Davina, you don 't have to do this
you
You lied to my face and pretended you were there to help me
Hear me out
You claim to be noble but you are a murderer like your brother
For a thousand years you have fed on the blood of innocent people
Let you try what it 's like to be choked to death by blood
as for you
i trusted you so much
I love you so much but you just use me to strengthen your power
you don 't care about me at all
you are wrong
When you lost to Klaus, you handed me to him as a trophy
Maybe I should throw you into the boiling copper
I care about you
I see you as my own
no darling
Don 't tell me you believe him
Should we girls have a good chat?
It 's really impressive to me that they all deserve it
before you deal with me
I have a surprise for you
Josh, why are you here, let 's go
what are you doing
If I were Klaus I would
Josh turns his head down and feeds the nightcrawlers this will be your friend
But hurting others is what boys like to do
Like how Klaus hypnotized the 'Fiddler on the Roof' I 'm fickle but I 'm definitely not like my brother
It 's alright, Timthy, you can come down
no one will hurt you
He said he wouldn 't let me get off the beam
Then don 't use the crawling fool
Am I the only one with a brain in here?
Davina, how did you do it?
how did i come
I will explain I promise
why did you do this
It seems to me that you have the whole situation but don 't know who to trust
I proved to you that you can trust me
Now I want you to see one more thing
won 't be long
you can bring your friends
Sophie I told you everything
You said he buried her between two lovely oak saplings
This is the news two hundred years ago
They are big trees now
If you want to be an almighty witch, keep looking
pray a little faith
you can
Ok
please help me
I 'm trying to do the right thing
do not worry
They 're not really dead, they 're just starving
Do you think my brother Nick is bad?
Marcel learns from him
This is how he treats his so-called friends who betray him
Most of the poor guys here can 't do more than Josh
like Thierry
He was Marcel 's most trusted friend
Crowe lured him into breaking one of Marcel 's rules
Knowing this, Marcel put Thierry
Detained here day and night
crazy
why did you tell me this
Because you have to know who is the person you need to face and who is the person you can trust
It 's fine
you 'll be fine
give me some water
Davina, you and I, we were both deceived, and both were taken advantage of by Marcel and Klaus
Maybe together we can give them a little revenge
everyone
Tim
It was Klaus who made me do this
I didn 't know what I was doing before I knew I let you
what happened to her
Drink water
Tim
Klaus was poisoned in the water
Tim
Davina
Do not
kami, how are you?
did you eat today
You must have passed out
Yeah, maybe I 'm just mysteriously stunned by three witches
where is davina
Does your friend Marcel know she 's here?
kami i can explain
vampire witch
my brother your nephew was cursed by a witch
how can you hide from me
it 's complicated
There are many things you don 't understand
you hide the truth from me
You made me believe that Sean was crazy and I was crazy instead of telling me the truth
I am protecting you
You saw what happened to Sean, too.
Cami please
leave me alone
You are as bad as the other monsters in this city
Is it very embarrassing?
Rebecca where are you
I 'm with Davina, she 's dying because of your betrayal
I tried to get her to stop looking up to Marcel so much but she made it clear she 's not our friend
If you think she 's your friend then I 'm sorry
tell me how to save her
vampire blood doesn 't work
will not work
The poison I had Timshy give her was very effective
It 's only a matter of time before she dies
It 's the two of you, you cruel bastard
they are still children
We could have made a fair deal with her
No deal with people who threaten us
From the moment Davina confronted me, fate was decided
It 's her choice not mine
do not do that
The stench you accuse me of is overwhelming
Do you need me to remind you that Davina is stronger than all of us?
I just did what I had to do
Don 't worry Elijah I 'm still salvageable as always
So you control that boy to poison Davina without asking Marcel and me
Do you know what the worst problem is
You are too easy to see through
I had to make an alliance with your brother I don 't like him at all
Listen to your tone, you seem to have something to tell me
you are right
Kieran called me a while ago, right after Sabine and the other witches attacked Davina
Hello
Let me guess the protection spell?
Do you think I 'm going to waste my magic day doing nothing?
they should too
You violated my rules, Sabine, according to my inference, your protection spell should be a one-time use, right?
I 'll give you two options. You can either go down right away and stay with your friends, or you can cast the same protection spell on a witch friend of mine.
You probably know who I 'm talking about
So you claim to be conspiring with a witch when you go to see the condition of the night vampires
very smart
i should be proud
I actually just wanted to
Make a way for yourself Just as Elijah predicted, you 're starting to show your true self
But this time you chose to ally with witches and as far as I know witches have always been our enemy and a threat to our family
Davina is Marcel 's family, Nicklaus, and you 're trying to kill her, have you forgotten that?
call rebecca
Tell her Davina will recover
Too bad the boy didn 't survive
Tim
Tim Tim
Tim Tim wake up wake up
Open your eyes, don 't, don 't, don 't
wake up
don 't leave me alone
is she okay
She 's emotionally broken and tired
where is her room
give it to me
Let me do it
Some people say it 's a man 's world
Although many Casco girls were rescued, that was limited after all
She will never trust me again
Perhaps
But you can never give up regaining her trust
But women are actually more rebellious than the world thinks
what are these paintings
She 's been drawing these all the time when she 's in the attic
These she calls evil
and some women
It can be said that those who have bullied them had better be careful
are you surprised to see me
After all, you used to control me and let me go
you remember
It 's all about the release of control
It hurts to death but it 's worth it
Made me understand why I want to stay
By the way, Klaus, if you dare to hurt Davina and Josh again, I will reveal you to the world, and you can kiss the French part goodbye.
good night
I 'm also rebellious and fed up with being oppressed
For a thousand years my brother has done what he wants without fear of the consequences
Marcel seemed to acquiesce while Elijah stayed by his side, foolishly waiting for him to change one day
men are assholes
what do you want me to do
Although you warned Marcel, he can 't seem to let go of my brother
They rule the city side by side and leave you here to rot
I want you to help me retake New Orleans so they can watch and I have a secret weapon and an insider
She herself is a very rebellious girl
How are you
I 'm better now
how are you today
very bad
what are these paintings
Davina 's sketch
I don 't know if it means something
They seem to herald something to come
seems to be a bad omen
oh my gosh that 's not
hello celest
Hurry up, Sophie, answer the phone!
My brothers and I are history
The earliest vampires were the ancestors
We helped found New Orleans three hundred years ago
Now we 're back in this city at war
Vampire Marcel leads an army against a group of desperate witches
My brother Klaus is against both of them He thirsts for power and wants to protect the werewolf with his child
But Marcel had an advantage. He captured our brother Elijah with the help of a secret weapon.
Now to save my beloved brother
I have no choice but to support the older brother I can 't trust
Aug 1359
I noticed a difference between siblings
Our bond is even more strained under the pressures of a vampire life
Once you are haunted by the demonic nature of vampires, you will be farther and farther away from human nature.
My dear sister Rebecca is getting more and more indifferent
But the biggest problem is Nicklaus
He still hides his loneliness with cruelty
But I still insist that I, as their big brother, can put them back on the right track, guided by the power of the family.
If I fail, our family will only fall in the dark
I can 't believe you didn 't wait for me to deal with those vampires myself
I know I like everything on fire
Should I leave them in the front yard and let them rot?
Besides, they are my responsibility
They attacked helpless little pregnant woman with my baby
I am so touched by your duty to the new father of a werewolf with your half-breed child
so moved me
The wolf girl wants to know what the plan is
It depends on what plan you 're talking about.
Is it my plan to rule the world or Rebecca 's plan to find true love in a cruel world
The plan to rescue Elijah, you know that good brother
The one you stabbed in the back with the dagger now controlled by your mortal enemy
To be clear, from the front
You two said you 'd save him
So are there any plans now?
Ok
First of all Marcel is not my sworn enemy
He 's my friend even though he doesn 't realize I 'm trying to break his hold over the whole paranormal legal zone but still a friend nonetheless
The second point I sealed Elijah with a dagger was to gain Marcel 's trust
If only I knew he 'd have my brother controlled by a particularly grumpy teenage wizard
I would definitely consider making a slightly different choice 3rd point sister please say
The third point, as you asked for the plan, is that Nicklaus goes directly to Marcel to get Elijah back
That 's not the whole plan is it?
please
Klaus may be incompetent as a brother but there 's nothing else bad about it
That 's the only plan darling
But there is always a backup plan
What is a backup plan
I hate that I 'm so handsome in a suit
Joshua Rosen 18-year-old instant news tourist missing recently came to New Orleans as . . .
My men at the pier will take the initiative to stand up as an eyewitness to prove that he saw
These two drunk men fell into the Mississippi and they 'll be investigated for weeks
No one 's going to look around here
That 's good considering one died in the trash can behind the county morgue and the other is now a vampire
what else
please let me come darling
And one more thing
I sent 4 nocturnal vampires to investigate a werewolf in the French Quarter
There was no news from them after that.
10 nocturnal vampires died last week
Do you think the werewolves are back here trying to cause trouble?
I know you and Klaus are friends
But the truth is, since the ancestors appeared, shut up Thierry
Aren 't you still mad at the small poisonous werewolf wound I gave you earlier?
I thought it was a grudge from the past
I see that you have now given him the privilege of moving freely in this area as well
That 's right, just like my family and me
Lived here and built this place actually
ok don 't do that
You both know the rules
Thierry is my confidant
Klaus is my old friend and lord
still a guest here
Peaceful coexistence okay?
what do you need bro
I think my sister Rebecca insisted that I go back to Elijah
she was very angry about it
certainly
There will be 3 ancestors in town soon, right?
Half of us think his sister killed the night vampire
Is that an accusation against a patriarch?
Didn 't I just say we want to live in peace?
Come
follow me
Your cronies lack a sense of humor
He 's a bit overprotective but loyal
I rescued him in the forties and found him dying of war wounds outside the Veterans Hospital.
He will kill for me and die for me
And the boy playing the trumpet is really good
Maybe see if I can get him to perform at the party tonight
you will come right?
How could I miss the chance to meet the MP who accepted your huge charitable donation?
He 's an idiot but for some community service he allows us to do our own thing
Like not aiming our fangs at the locals
listen
I 'd love to help you out about your brother, but Thierry is right
my people are nervous
They were very nervous when they saw the original family come back here and there were vampires dead
If I give Elijah back to you now, I might get the wrong impression that they don 't know who the real boss here is
you know what i mean
You have to understand that I have to speak
How long does it take Klaus to ask a simple question for Mary Magdalene [prostitute]
It took longer than you thought because the answer was as expected no
Marcel 's man Thierry has many doubts
He 's definitely you for killing 10 nocturnal vampires
Lie I only killed 8
Should I make Thierry the ninth
Marcel is pretending to be friendly
We can 't kill his favorite son or he 'll deal with ours
- Then let 's go to war. - Exactly.
do you know how to deal with that witch
- I think I know - good
you deal with sophie devereux
I 'll take care of the next step
I order you to drain his blood
why so long
sorry i 'm not some medieval torture expert
what did he do to you
It doesn 't matter what he did
But what he 'll do after we 're done is what I want him to do, just like you
Like piercing his body with this
it 's crazy
I didn 't want to do it but I did
It 's called mind control
Vampires can control humans
ancestors like me and my siblings can control vampires and no one can control the ancestors
do you understand
That 's why new nocturnal vampires like you are here at my command without anyone noticing
But my blood never bleeds dry
yeah that one young joshua because i got you when you didn 't have a bit of verbena in you
Verbena can prevent control
Marcel made all his mates start drinking verbena when I got back
That 's why our friend needs to drain his blood so I can control him to follow my orders
Now my brother is captured waiting for my rescue
We can 't be so gentle
so glad you could come
while you 're dawdling
Elijah lay rotting with a dagger
You should be glad I can come
what do you want
Haley was attacked by Marcel 's men last night after being told he had seen a werewolf in the French Quarter
she 's only been to one place
Whoever saw her betrayed her
Optimistic about learning
- hello Sophie - hello Katie
There are marigolds in it, which can attract the opposite sex and match you very well.
deeply doubtful
do you have anything else? . . .
I don 't know maybe it 's aconite
Aconite why do you want that
don 't play stupid with me
Rebecca
I just sold some herbs to that werewolf and that 's it
Are you lying to me Katie
I suggest you answer my questions honestly
Answer her questions Katie please
Yes
I told someone but you don 't understand
I love him
tell me who your vampire lover is
do you want me to count down
hurry up
I 'm going to build an entire army. A controlled minion isn 't an army.
How about it
you 're right who is a traitor
Luckily she 's just a kid and doesn 't know anything about us or our purpose
Do you want to hear what makes you happiest?
please say
She is in love with one of Marcel 's cronies
guess who
Right-hand man right-hand man
Two points for correct answers
Thierry is getting closer to the enemy
That means he 's unknowingly become the key to our whole plan
I said it makes you happy
In a city where vampires and witches face off
so unfortunate
Are you crazy
- No - it 's easy
We just need you to cast a small very small locating charm to help us find our brother
Any witch in town who uses magic will be caught and killed
right?
It seems you left out an important detail when we traded
Marcel 's secret weapon. He knows how witches use magic.
Such a tall little girl is so cute and easy to get angry
Davina
where did you see her
do not know
That little brat wiped my memory right after she threw me out the window with her fucking mind
let me get to the point
Elijah in the hands of Davina
You witches, I think you 'd love to separate Davina from Marcel
we don 't know where she is
so we need magic
Davina will feel it
Unless of course another witch
Like a traitor
like Katie
while casting a more powerful magic
That will create a smoke that hides your little spell from Davina
Katie doesn 't give a damn
Sophie Devereux
You can 't be so principled
A war cannot be won without a strategic loss, no matter how deplorable that loss may be
How many times have vampires always been one step ahead knowing something they shouldn 't have
Your sister was executed in a public square for using magic who knew she would be caught
did she try to escape
She was hiding in the hold of a cargo ship and was caught just as the ship was about to set sail in the Mississippi River.
So who asked you to tell me who managed his marina business among Marcel 's most important cronies?
Katie 's boyfriend Thierry
You 're right about him
yeah i call him a musician
The ladies love him but he has a heart
He always surrounds his beautiful little witch saying he loves her but I don 't know
Your most important warrior and your enemy have a strong bond and you don 't care
Of course I care, but Thierry is a mature man
He 'll make his own decisions, and I 'll get some important insights.
Besides, he won 't do anything to harm our career.
You see a vampire hosting a lavish charity gala
We 're a whole here no one 's gonna spoil
But what?
You still don 't want those witches to be too bold considering one witch said there were werewolves in town
Caused the disappearance of your nocturnal vampire
I 'm sure you considered the possibility that this could be a trap
Maybe I should give a hint
Thierry
Take a group of nocturnal vampires to the witch 's little harassment tonight
Thierry, don 't be too polite.
So then I moved back here to be closer to my brothers because
Let 's be honest, family is the most important thing, right Camille?
call me kami, i need to get rid of this badge
Drunk people like to talk to me in French
Have you really never been here before?
you look familiar
You must have seen me walking outside
Aren 't you dating Marcel Gerrard?
He 's my friend, right?
I heard he liked blond bartenders during Rousseau 's time
I wouldn 't call that a date
He 's after me
I do not know
he 's charming
This probably means I should run away
I 'm in a bit of a state of ons and offs right now
That 's the worst, isn 't it?
Some you can 't let go, although you won 't be fooled, you always understand
i like you kami
Most girls are annoying and whining and taunting others
Thanks
I should go to tonight 's lavish charity gala hosted by this philanthropist
He 's kind of like Gatsby throwing a shitty party
Are you interested?
little sister
brother i believe i made sure
Marcel will be a little distracted tonight
should i ask
All I can say is that his attention isn 't on us.
I did my best
What are you doing to ensure Elijah 's safe return?
Right now, I 'm preparing for insurance in case of a softhearted
What 's the meaning
We need to give Katie the right motivation to cast a powerful spell tonight
I 'm making motives
Marcel ordered to molest witches
Do not
I 'll just go back and arrange things tragically go wrong
Do you understand what to do?
no problem
what 's going on outside
is Claus
He made Marcel feel that the witch was planning to do something against him
Marcel wants us to give a hint if he thinks I 'm partial because I 'm in love with a witch
say it one more time
I love you Katie everything will be alright I promise
Marcel probably doesn 't care about Thierry
I 've been there
But there are some sins for him
not so easy to forgive
Thierry
let go of her
Killing one 's own colleagues counts as one
that would be unforgivable
If Katie wants to save her lover from Marcel 's punishment
Must use magic but then again
Besides love, what else is worth giving in life?
I have to praise this background music is very suitable for tonight
what is she doing here
What could be more distracting than having Marcel 's little human girlfriend in a place where vampires hang out
hello dear you are beautiful
This dance is absurd but I think I 'm going to love it
He 's that notoriously elusive guy
Actually the one you said was brother and my sister was right
you are really beautiful
Your outfit is pretty good too
don 't be fooled darling
I 'm a wolf in sheep 's clothing
You two talk, I want some wine
- dance
- OK
scotch thanks
Did you invite her here to make yourself attractive?
i think she is precious
I dare say you love her pure heart
Maybe someday I 'll hand feed it to you
You look so jealous Rebecca
who rebecca said
I think it should be Marcel
What if I didn 't want so much
The troubled old yellow calendar
I was thinking that your sister is a bitch
She seems to have coined the term.
listen
allow me to leave
Cami
killer dance
This is for business
I was going to invite you . . .
It 's alright, it 's just an appointment
no need to explain
I 'll entertain myself when you do your thing
what leaves you
watching you with someone else
don 't even think about it
you shouldn 't be here
Who are you
I 'm sorry I didn 't mean to scare you
I 'm Sabine we met
i 'm sophie 's friend
you are the witch here
Sophie asked me to come over with you when everyone was out to play
it 's attracted to you baby in your belly
Half vampire half werewolf
You and Klaus created something very special
You speak like Elijah
He thought this kid would make us a big happy family but he 's gone now and . . .
I don 't even know what it is . . .
what is
listen I can help you if you want
I mean help you know if it 's male or female
I thought you couldn 't use witchcraft here
It 's not witchcraft it 's just an old trick my grandma taught me
come on
you must be curious
I remember you saying you did community work
community fundraising
Throw a party to get people to open their wallets and donate
that 's what i do
I 'm probably the person you 're talking about badly but essential [the devil]
What about Rebecca? Is she one of your donors?
she is an old friend
not too old
she looks younger than me
you will be amazed
I was a child when I met her
stop talking about her
i just want to be with you
You 're such an outrageous little devil, aren 't you?
Crap, they 're a perfect match
You want to split Marcel 's heart and this becomes
I should be going
Excuse me
what the hell did you do
don 't say it here
say somewhere else
I know you think he 's a beast
It doesn 't matter what I think
Thierry kills another vampire
He broke Marcel 's biggest rule
you 'll never see him again
unless we do something
' us '
I want to save my clan
do you want to save Thierry
There is only one way to achieve both ends
are you ready
Marcel is going to have an accident
magic
I want to hear what you have to say
Don 't do it, Marcel
your version says
We were throwing boilers
That man some night vampire attacked Katie for no reason
His name is Max, I transformed him
he doesn 't need a reason
She 's a witch and he 's a vampire
now he is dead
I did not mean it
You broke my most important rule
Damn how long have we been friends for seventy years
yes
I made you immortal
I gave you a present
I 've always been loyal to you, I 'm still loyal to you
I 'm still your friend Marcel
I swear it hasn 't changed
what you said darling
He has a great temper, isn 't he?
Maybe now I should remember that I knew it would be like this
This is what we found in his woman
still my friend?
so funny
 'Cause your little witch has the spell I keep locked up
Marcel I 've never seen this
Shut up
I see you still have the sun ring I gave you on your hand
What are you doing with the secret recipe for the ring, unless you 're going to betray me and set up a new door with Katie?
no Marcel
let me teach you what a friend is
Friends won 't cheat me, break my rules, and won 't steal what belongs to me
For the crime of murdering his comrade
I sentenced Thierry Van Scheu to 100 years in the garden
good show
your decision is right
This is the only way to find Elijah
i just do what i do
Don 't Katie
Just in time
hurry up
Do not
Are you here to save your man?
Come on, little girl
go to hell you bitch
Don 't Katie
something is not right
Katie 's magic stopped
i can continue
No, she 'll notice
I can find Davina and give me a little more time
You might risk your life to get your witch back, but Haley and the kids will die with you
Elijah will never forgive us and saving him will be pointless
It 's all over, we 've failed
no Katie no no no
Do not
tell me
is she worth it
I love him
Seal him up and let him rot here
how much did kemi see
She only saw one fight buddy
There 's nothing you can 't handle
do you really like her
I love how she 's not involved in all of this
Sometimes it 's a good thing to see the world from a human perspective
I 'm sorry about Thierry
I can see he 's your best friend
I made him
Obviously I shouldn 't trust him
it won 't get any better
You saved me tonight and I owe you a favor
you want to get your brother back
It 's the only thing I can do for you
- Kemi
- don 't even think about it
I know why you came
You 're here to say good things about your friend
you 're a nice guy but...
But you have been hurt and you dare not try again
and the like
The man I saw tonight was not what I imagined him to be. If he could easily get mad like this . . .
Sounds more than just ordinary heartbreak
Looks like someone betrayed your trust
brave bartender camille
I 'm very sorry
But I hope you can give Marcel another chance
Looks like I 'd be wrong
No, you read it right, but we all have our own roles to play
You went to meet Marcel to dance with him
You feel sorry for him arguing with friends but other than that you just remember him as perfect
Total failure tonight
On the contrary sister
Great success tonight
Are you crazy
Katie dies before Sophie can finish the spell
I know very well I killed Katie
what did you do
There 's no reason for our little witch to die
Not trying to have Marcel buried with her
I saved his life because of that
He is doing what I want
Sophie trusts you
I trust you over my more reliable instincts
wake up Rebecca
Witches plan only for themselves
They just want this girl Davina, what do you think the truce will be when they have her?
of course not
They 'll use Davina 's power against us all
Even if you were right the plan was to find Elijah and you let us down
You always lack confidence in me
He trusted me more for protecting Marcel, so much so that he agreed to give Elijah back to us when the time came.
until he told me all about Davina
I 'm going to take control of her myself
I have no doubt that you can make it happen Nick
You 've been like this regardless of the price the rest of us pay
you disgust me
are you okay i 'm worried
thanks
I feel everything you do
you helped me
those old guys right?
Actually Klaus is the one who saved me tonight
I 'm going to correct my mistakes, starting with returning his brother
no
What 's wrong
- Davina
- no
You said those old guys were dangerous
I won 't give him back until I know how to kill them
I think you might want to know
Elijah is coming back
Congratulations
I guess it 's good to be evil too
You don 't know him but you miss him
Why is my brother always admired?
he treats me well
Sometimes I wonder if my family can be redeemed
I know one thing today
i think it 's a girl
But every time I want to give up I see a trace of kindness that makes me believe in redemption
you are following me
Maybe you got in my way
I told you this gang of evil allies won 't do any good
at least i made a difference
And you
Sabine told them what you saw
it 's the werewolf girl
i think it 's a girl
Do not
and many more
what are you waiting for
tell me it 's not a little claus
