Are you going to spend the honey month?
I'm looking forward to
That's right. Make it when no one else is around
- We just came to say goodbye
- Yeah. Have fun with your honey moon
- xie xie
-i'd better go to the packing shop
No, I've already packed it
I just can't find your fan your speedo
Fancy your speedo? I'm not a fan of your speedo
I'm gonna go pack my stupid speedo
Good, you're still here
I came to wish you a happy honey month
Xie xie
I also want you to know that I'm suing the father today
What's the matter?
- We know the father is Ross
- How do you know that?
It was his fur coat,
But the day ah
I wish Ross would be the first to know
But as you can see, I'm really relieved
This is awesome. I'm your kid's great-aunt
I know that
I am a aunt
My uncle is
Come on
-you'll all be aunts, aunts and uncles
- Yeah, but only me and the baby
Now that you know, can you help me suggest what I should tell Ross
What are you gonna say?
I'm gonna tell him I want to have a baby
He can do whatever he wants
That sounds right
Yeah, it's just, how am I supposed to start?
I mean, what's my opening day supposed to be?
-Okay, that's great. Thank you
- Good luck. Yeah, see you later
How did that happen?
Looks like I'm telling you it's okay
Rachel is pregnant with Ross's baby
What? I have no idea
Why didn't you tell me?
Why do I say such things?
-i don't think you can keep it secret
I'm the secret keeper
I've always kept the secrets we have
- What's the secret?
- No, Joey
I'm not gonna tell you because I'm a secret handler
- You'll tell me later?
- You already know that
Sending someone off to spend the honey month is really nice
Monica and Chandler are married
Ross and Rachel are going to have a baby
-Maybe you and I should find something to do
- You are right, my love
It's time to die. I left jitta at their house
Can you open the door for me later?
No, I don't have a key and they took my key and said they were going to give it to you
- what?
They took mine so they could give it to you
-Why would they take our key?
Maybe they don't believe us
They let me keep their keys while they were out of town
That time you broke a bottle of tomato sauce and cleaned it up with Monica's guest towel?
-Hey, I washed the towel
- No, that doesn't sound like my style
-i need my jitas
- I have stuff at his house, too
- What?
-Monica's chicken cheese. I gotta get rid of it
Mr. Treeger?
Monica: I have to go to Monica and Chandler's
It's urgent
Gas leak,
Bring in the big garlic bun
-Did Rachel find you?
- No, why?
She was looking for you
Well, I'll see her later
- She really needs to talk to you on the horse
- Yeah, it sounds like something important
What is not?
I think I know what's going on with her
Is it true?
Yeah, we promised we wouldn't tell anyone, but Rachel slept with me about a month ago
The result?
I thought you'd be surprised
I'm sorry... what happened?
We say we only do it once.
I think she might want to get back together with me
I don't think it's like that
- Why? What could it be?
-i don't feel very comfortable
I believe it was just a one-time thing
She looked at me funny at the wedding
She didn't tell you anything?
-Maybe you ate something wrong
-Come on, go talk to Rachel
- ok
Do you know what I realized?
Maybe I'm the kind of guy that women can't forget all night
They'll never get enough of me
I should have remembered that
Under a
-They're kissing. We should go ahead
-Don't worry about them, they love each other deeply and I love you, but I love you in an orderly way
Under a
Hey, can you guys kiss while we're walking?
Sorry, we didn't catch that
We're going to spend the honey moon
Let me have a look
There is still space in the first hold
She bumped them up to first class because they were going to spend the honey moon
- We're going to fake a honey moon
- We're going to spend the honey moon
Touch my ass
- the next one
- I'm sorry, I almost missed you
I'm in love with my new husband
We're going to spend the honey moon
Ready and happy -
-Thank you all right, Mr. Bao, you're at 25 J and Mrs. Bao is at 25 K
We're going to spend the honey moon. Can you upgrade us to first class?
I'm sorry. The first class is full and the couple just took the last two seats
Look at it? If you do what I tell you to do and jump in line with them she'll give us a berth in the first cabin, death
Student: 2, 5, J and K are they just going to go together?
I still can't believe they took my keys and you gave me yours
Then OF course I'll give it back to you.
The guy who wanted to clean the keys cleaned it up
- What was that noise?
Treeger, what are you doing?
- You said there was a gas leak
-Why don't you use the key to open the door?
This apartment could blow up by the time I find the keys to their house
If the apartment I manage is bombed again outsiders will start asking questions
We can do it like this
Look at them go into the lounges in the forecastle
- Do you know what's inside? - I don't know
I don't know. We have to get in
- Act like you're the first passenger in class
- Oh, my God, there are oranges
-it's nice to see you again
-Sir, PLEASE show me your ticket
No problem,
I can't see your seat number
It doesn't matter that I memorized it. It's 1 A
-This is not a first-class ticket. I'm sorry
- It's not tied. It doesn't work
I'm afraid I'll have to ask you to leave
Well run
I think we really need to have a good talk
That's right. Let's go in first
- Look, I know why you're here
- really?
Yeah, well, to give you a little face, I thought maybe I should go first
Ross and Rachel
Rachel and Ross
That's like going on a stilt, isn't it?
What?
I mean, we had a full, full night
But don't you think we'd be better off as friends?
What are you saying?
All right, that's fine
We can do it again if you like
I don't have a question
As a matter of fact, I'm free at the moment.
Do you know? May I speak now?
- Of course
I'm pregnant
ROM. '
ROM. '
All right, I'll tell you when you're ready
You're the father, by the way
- Would you like some water?
- I'm okay.
Ross, don't feel any pressure, okay?
You can do whatever you want
Yeah, I...
I just don't know.
I don't understand how such a thing could happen
B: We use insurance condoms
- I know
But insurance cover to avoid pregnancy can only have 100 points of 97 what?
What? They should be marked on the package
- The package is marked on it
- didn't
They should be marked on the package in big bold letters
-Ross, don't worry about the condom
- I should have known better
Look, you know what? I was scared when I found out I was pregnant
- Scared? I'm not
I'm an angry consumer
- You know what?
We'll talk about it later
-No, I want to do it now
As a matter of fact, I'd like to speak to the chairman of the Insurance Company
Maybe I should come back later... okay
All right, I'll press one
- I checked everywhere. There's no leak
- Can I warm this one up?
I'll help them build a new door anyway
Can you not tell Chandler and Monica about this?
Because they have no children of their own... the door is like their children
I have to install a new lock
They'll find out soon enough
Looks like it's gonna take all day
I have to cancel my yoga class
Please tell Molly I can't make yoga class today
No problem,
- Oh, my God, what happened to the door?
- It's clear, isn't it?
- Is Rachel here
- Didn't you talk about it?
Yeah, but it's...
Look, you know Rachel and I slept together, but there's more
Rachel is pregnant
- My god
- I can't believe it
- She's carrying my child
-i'm hearing it for the first time
- You already know that, right?
- Know something
- Are you all right?
- I'll be fine
I didn't get it right
- What did you say to her?
- Nothing, but I talked a lot to the customer service department at the Insurance company
-i didn't realize she was gone until I turned around
But I just found out that condoms are only 97 percent effective at preventing pregnancy
- what? - I have to go find her
Wait a minute
Are you real?
So with a probability of three out of a hundred, we have no way to generate power.
We should mark the packages
-Well, they did
- what?
- I can't believe we're in here
- Don't be funny
In celebration of your wedding, the restaurant is going to help you get promoted to honey moon suite
No, you ruined us all day
-Who are you? - We are you,
It was only ten seconds late
You have taken the first hold and rest room
We should also get free admission
Not light is you in the honey month
We can let you have our honey moon suite
We don't know where we're going to sleep
We came here to remember our love for this place
We don't need free recruitment. We just want to be together
We need to be admitted free of charge
Monica, it's Joey
Phoebe and I smell gas in your house
- Really?
Joey smelled gas
- What else is new?
- We wanted to take a look, but you took our key
- Think of a way in
-i could knock your door down
-yeah, just do it like that
- You don't blame us for ruining things?
- will not
- Are you banging on the door?
I didn't hear anything
- All right, I'm knocking down the door
He's knocking at the door. He's going to break it down
All right, we're in
-Rachel, are you okay?
- If I was comfortable, would you judge me?
The med horse came in to take your ultrasound
God, I swear if they sell this in a pottery shop.
We need to talk
Now?
I'm in a slightly inelegant position
Berto, I really... I think
I'm sorry about my watch
- No, stay at the end of the bed
- what? I'm sorry I'm crazy,
I only think of myself. I should have thought of you.
- It's okay. Stay on this side of the bed, Rose. - Yeah
I want you to know that I'm here for you, okay?
To do birth checks, take lamaze breathing classes and decorate the baby's apartment
But we can worry about that after we get married
- after marriage?
-yeah, I think we should get married
Is that your solution?
No, that was the right thing to do
Maybe, if we love each other
Ross, we're not in love, are we?
Yeah, but you can't do it alone
What did you say?
- You can't even go to the dining-room by yourself
- what?
If you can't manage to eat alone how can you take care of the children alone?
-i can eat alone
- When have you ever done that?
When someone at the table finishes eating and I don't have time to finish eating
Some people spend two hours just eating a bowl of soup
Berto, you're swallowing like a Wolf
Monica and I grew up together
If we don't eat faster, we won't
Am I bothering you?
No, Dr. Runge, come on in
This is Ross, the baby's father
But I'm not her husband because apparently she can take care of a big boy all by herself
It's nice to meet you,
I'm going to start a search
-Why can't you admit that you want me?
- I need you to stand at the end of the bed
All right, that looks pretty normal
The lines on the silver curtain look like this. This is your son's palace.
Bao Bao is in here
Oh my god
It's in there. I see it
Ready and happy
I'll leave you two alone
- xie xie
Isn't that amazing?
I can't see it
- what?
-i can't see it
But you said you saw it
I knew I was lying
I don't want her to think I'm a terrible parent
I can't even see my own treasure
Lead to
You can see it
Lead to
Here is the
What a beautiful
I saw the
- Really?
- No, I can't see it
Well come on
Do you see that little thing that looks like a flower?
Sweet heart, that's the one
Is that the one?
I saw the
- xie xie
- don't mention it
I couldn't believe it was our child
Yeah, that's our kid
- What did the doctor say?
- Everything is smooth
- very good
- Show them pictures of your baby
I can't see Bao Bao
I couldn't see it either at first
But it's there.
Ross, I can't see again
I saw a man in your freezer
Don't tell anyone
You bet on me at cards?
To I go
There will be no more kisses and no more wedding ceremonies
Have you ever tried letting your hair down?
There have been
Very beautiful
Xie xie
Would you be embarrassed to date me?
G, A, B, and Y would go ballistic if they found out
Oh my god you still love her
In a few months I'll be V I C T O R L A N G too too
I didn't realize I had that much tolerance.
Xie xie
- Did you tell B, R, E, E that you're engaged?
Said -
She's hiking in Switzerland but she sent me a basket of muffins
- Have fun
- no,
It's been rolled 5,000 miles and it's still fresh
I don't know how she did it
Hey, it's time
Let's open the champagne bottle
Wait a minute, wait a minute
You're not gonna embarrass me with an emotional toast, are you?
I won't but S, U, S, A, N wrote a poem
A poem?
She changed the words of her song into her poem
Try the sound
One, two, three
What are you waiting for?
Go open the champagne bottle
good
Xie xie
Hey G a B Y
Hey E d I E!
I finally see V I C T O R
He is so charming
Is he quite right?
I know things are moving a little fast but it's great to have him
So you really love him?
Yeah, I've never been that happy
I'm really excited for you
E d I E Are you all right?
Yes, I'm -- I'm fine
Oh, my dear
Don't worry about finding someone suitable for you soon enough
What do I know?
As a matter of fact, I have already found it
I... I'm crazy about him
Is who?
Oh no, no, no
This night is yours
Oh no no E d I E
Said!
I'd be happy if I knew who made you happy
- Really?
- Of course!
I want to know who gave you that stupid grin
Well, it's actually C A R L O S
Who?
C a r l o s
I'm dating C A R L O S
That's how G A B R I E L E S O L I S got hurt on the night of the engagement party
But she just laughed it off
In fact, G a, B, R, E, L, E, e, e, e, e, e, e, e, e, e, e, e, e, e, e
G r E G must have fallen off the wagon again last week.
The postman stayed at S A R A H's for over an hour
He sent a picture that was more than wrapped up
I can smell whiskey on the breath of A, M, and Y
It's not even noon yet
J O A N N E said she took a religious break but since when does praying make boobs bigger?
What kind of woman hides her husband's body in a freezer?
Ten years in hiding? This is crazy
Has anyone talked to her?
I knocked on the door twice
She ignored me
Oh, I saw her curtain move
I think I can see her hands
Oh, it's true that we knew she was watching us
Why should we be embarrassed?
It's not like we've got a frozen body in the underbelly
right
She even showed you the baby
Oh, my God. I can't believe how many times she pulls ice cream out of that basement
I mean, geez, if you're gonna put your husband on ice, the least you can do is get a freezer
Do you think she killed her husband?
I think it is
Why would you hide the body?
Now she's only been sued for improper body parts
But after the body is unfrozen and examined, I bet they'll find their bellies covered in arsenic frost
What is arsenic frost?
It's just -- it's just a little evil love
Go on playing with your ball go on
I tried to keep it from the kids
Children do not need to know such things
We don't even have to know
Can you give me a minute?
Hey E d I E!
Oh hey G A B Y!
What's the matter?
I've been thinking about it for a while. Do you know how I feel about it?
Do you feel like there are times when people get sick of you?
I don't think you should feel that way
When does it begin? Ever since you started doing things that made other people hate you
What did I do? Oh, I don't know
The first thing that came to my mind was a date with your friend's ex-husband
Oh, oh, so that little smile on your face the other night was fake
Do you mind if I date C A R L O S
E d I E There are tens of thousands of single men in the beauty zone
Why do you have to be with my ex-husband? You're already engaged to someone else!
What are you still thinking about? That is embarrassing!
That's -- that's like I gave the dress to a charity and then you showed up wearing it when I went to the party
Tell me again, what do you see in the ghost after all the stuff you sent?
Listen, E, D, I, E you go find the right guy for you and stop picking up what's left!
Why don't I?
Well, then you're in for it
Oh come on
You're only as tall as my legs
What else can you do?
You'll find out soon enough
Who is it this time?
Um... it's I a N
Do you want to say something to him?
Don't
And he brought flowers. I don't know. It looked like two dozen roses
Oh, yes, I hope those thorns puncture him
Okay, mom, MOM, I know THAT M, I, K, E, and I, A, AND N are all wrong, but -- -
They used me as a card bet
They decided my fate with a hand of five cards
"Wrong" does not mean that bad process
Okay, okay but they're the only two people in the world who know what's wrong with you and find a way to love you
You really don't want either of them?
Is the
I don't need a man
I don't even need to have sex
I didn't have any for the first 16 years of my life.
I haven't been here in 22 years
That must mean something
What?
M, I, K, e are here
Give it up
She ignored you the first ten times
I wouldn't be able to do that now
It really hurts
You have a certain British determination about you
Do you know?
I'm really gonna show you something
I like you better when you're in a bag!
Well, you're lucky I don't have that bag right now
All right, let's do it
Uh, can I bother you?
Guys? Hey, my mom always wanted you two to get away
Don't say that in a soft voice
Let them know that I am real
Oh, because if you -- if you don't go away she'll lose hope all the time
Shout at them!
Why don't you go home and think about what you've done
If you want to go the extra mile, do it yourself!
Here you go - braised duck wontons with mushroom and cream sauce
How do you feel?
I think it's too bad you didn't make one for yourself
Hey, my dear
Hey, I just wanted to say I love you
Are you so sweet?
What's that noise?
Are the children still up?
They don't want to sleep
They thought nothing of it
They're kids and you're dad
Let them go to sleep
I tried to kiss them but they wanted to wait for you
They... they miss their mother
Oh, are you trying to make me feel guilty about coming home earlier?
L, Y, N, E, T, T, E closed half an hour ago
P R E S T O N Don't throw the cloth around!
Oh, I'm so sorry
I can't go back yet
We are, um... doing inventory. It's gonna take a while
That is all right
- As fast as you can? - I will
I love you. See you again
Disk storage?
I know I'm a bad person
I only picked the last one between mother and wonton
I gotta -- I gotta get home
L Y N E T T E You have nothing to feel guilty about
If anyone deserves a break from your daily busywork at the cafeteria, it's you
I was way out of my depth
Give me some more
Some of that, too
You're in here
What are you doing out there?
Some children threw eggs at Mrs M C C L U S K E Y's house
Oh my god
They're not supposed to do that
We should go talk to her
Don't
It's too late
Maybe she doesn't want us to bother her
Come on baby
It's time for bed
We have to be like this - we don't even talk to E, D, I, E anymore
What do you mean, "us"?
I say "we" because she betrayed me and you are my best friends so you should support me and that's what friends should do
"To hold you up" means to lift like chu Zhong?
I can't believe you're not up in arms about this
She dated your ex-husband and M, K, E before she reached out to C, A, R, L, O, S
Yeah, you know who I blame?
I blame K, A, R, L and M, I, K, E
How come no one's mad at them?
I mean, we have to face each other
The men are at large
They are scum!
Okay, it's E, D, I, E.
I'm not sure I'd team up against her
Isn't it?
When you and P a T T Y M O N R O E fought over the back yard fence it was hard for me to stand by your side but I supported you
G, A, B, and y
No one likes to dig up old scores
Don't make me talk about what I did for you again, okay?
I'm not going to fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
day
Can shedding be a question?
Have her show you later
But good friends are more than just dinner and conversation
They also have enemies in common
Will you support me to the end?
We will support you
We'll be cold to E, D, I, E
No, no, no
It's not cold, it's cool!
I want that bitch shaking with cold
You are good
You are good
Do you still want me to take a look at your reading report?
Dad watched it for me yesterday
You weren't at home yesterday
Oh ok
Now dad's doing everything
Why do you come back so late every day
The restaurant was really busy
I'll get back to dad and trust me as soon as I can
You are lying
What?
You laugh every time you lie
How can you say that?
This is a fact
I came home late because there was so much work to do and there was only one person to do it and I had to go shopping because there was only one person to do it
Go to the top and do your work
good
But that's your job
Hold "sorry"
Oh, hey, no
This is my parking space
The space I parked in here is mine
I waited for the guy to pick his teeth and make three phone calls before I got to this spot
You can't just steal it like that
It's only a parking space!
Don't bother with holmont
Oh my god!
You mean it!
Yeah, that's what I want to do
Crazy bitch
Do you have any idea what you're doing?
What to do
What to do
I want my spot back
Out to
Out to
Hey hey
Apologize to me
Let me go!
Sorry!
Okay, okay, I'm sorry
That I am a reckless, self-destructive hybrid and that I will treat women with respect and kindness!
I'm a reckless self-negating... go on
Don't move!
Is this guy trying to steal your car
This is my car
She tripped me up and grabbed my key
Is that it, lady
All right, you listen to him!
I wonder who you're watching
L, Y, N, E, T, T, I called her twice, but she didn't answer
I don't know what's going on
Maybe she is busy
Yes, the horse is clear
I'm calling her now
Oh my god
What's the matter
She switched off the phone
She pushed me down
Let her have business
No, no, no
G a b r I e L L e S o l I S
She let the big house cool me down
Are you surprised?
I told you what she would do if she found out about us
What?
If she wants to play a girl's game, let her play
For I have formed it
L y n e t t e !
hi! hey
I just called you
Really? The line must have been off the hook
Oh that's ok
Please bring the kids to the birthday party on Saturday
I'll ask the bipod team to bring the snakes and lizards
Oh, the kids will be happy but I have work to do
Oh, that's too bad. I thought you'd pick up food for us
Bring up food?
I'm gonna make pasta and salad for the parents and at least 20 pizzas for the kids
How much?
It's you, kids
If one kid has a pizza party and wants all the other kids
There are good things to be said for life
Well, I could do you a favor
Oh, I knew you'd help me
Uh... love you
I don't care what the court papers say
I don't have any anger questions
I just had a bad day
You threaten to cut someone's head off for a parking spot?
It's been a rough day
S, U, S, A, N There's a reason for losing control like you did
Did the work go smoothly?
The work is very smooth
Why don't you just sign that document and tell the attorney I'm fine
In the home?
It's nice at home
For real, you're wasting time in here
What about feeling alive?
Take away my lunch
I'm gonna be in here for a while
Why don't you press the button when you should die?
P, A, R, K, E, R
I thought it was those little bunnies who rang the doorbell and ran away
What are you trying to say?
I want you to come back and take care of us
New Baum sucks!
You got a new bartender?
Yeah, and she used carrots as a snack for us
It's not good, but it's... it's the way it's always been
No, you have to
All you have to do is tell the big family what happened to your husband and it'll all go back to the way it was
P A R K E R See those women?
No matter what I say nothing can escape her long tongue
I'm sorry, kid, but...
I won't have to wait for it
Can you picture it? !
Look at the two guys you trusted playing puck betting on you
How ugly is that? !
It depends on what Angle you look at it from
Men have been competing for women for ages
I'll admit there's no longer a spear like that but it shows how they feel about you
The question is how do you feel about them?
I told you... wounded, betrayed
How do you feel about them before you ask them?
I'm engaged to I A N, so... It was clear that I loved him
M, I, K, e?
Do you love him, too?
- Is it nearly time?
-S U S A N Okay okay I loved him
I still love him and I love I, A, n
So that means I fell in love with two men
Well, I guess I just found the focal point
Very good
No! Very bad!
This shouldn't have happened!
I only let myself love I, A, N, for for my sake I have lost it to me
Then all of a sudden he wants to reunite with me and now I have no choice
I agree that it's difficult
Let people collapse!
If I choose M, I, K, E then I, A, N will be broken and I, A, N will not deserve this
But how can I say no to him after all I've been through?
So you're gonna walk away from both of them?
You have to make a choice
You got two great guys who are crazy about you
Put away a.. that is life is very normal
Let go of both... that's really...
Enough silly?
That's exactly what you're talking about
That sounds great. Thank you
Hey, would you like something other than spaghetti and pizza?
Do you have such food in stock?
Don't stir
Not mine, my friend A l. He's opening A southern style restaurant.
One night he wanted some dead men to taste the menu
He said I could bring someone
Then.. then.. then.. then do you want me to go with you?
It'll be after we close the door
Don't tell me you don't like southern food and we won't be friends
No, I love it
It's just... it's just a little late for me.
Oh, oh, oh, okay
I just thought it would be fun
Yeah, it's gonna be fun but it's gonna be a little hard on the night
I'm going to cook lunch and check up on my family.
Yeah, yeah
Don't worry
I know the
You were uh you were the first thing that came to mind
You know what? Maybe I should go
Well, it's part of the job to check on the race, right?
Yeah, SURE
It wouldn't be wrong to go and see
I agree with
Hey, kids, go look at those snakes
Can I get you some pizza later?
- See you later. - All right, see you later
- Hey, you want a quick pizza? - be
L y n E T T E!
Are you working in here?
E d I E put me in charge of food
I know I'm a bitch but please don't tell G, A, B, y
Hi S U S a N!
I bought 30 copies of your book
The children can't wait for your autograph
Come on, let's go! Come on, come on!
See we're on the same boat now
Yeah, I just didn't know E-D-I-E was having a party in the park
What if G a B Y see us?
I don't need to worry
I spoke to her this morning and she's going out with V I C T O R all day
Well, that's a relief
On the right
Do you dare to dare not
hi! What are you doing?
"Wu woman"
- Hey, don't mess around! - Why not?
- Because she's not a witch. - How do you know?
No, it's no, it's no, don't be a dick
Who is she, your girl friend? P a r K e r
Close your mouth!
Hey, ghosts! In hand!
P, A, R, K, E, R
Are you all right?
Nothing would have happened if you had told the family what you told me
You can stop them
Hi L Y n E T T E I'm G A B Y
V, I, C, T, O r was dragged to the camera without a resting place
So I'm free for lunch
Do you want to join us?
I connected with S, U, S, A, N but it's weird that she's not at home and her car's still in the driveway and so are you
Where are all the families?
Lay down! Lay down! Lay down!
Ah!
L y N E T T E What's wrong with you?
G, A, B, and y
What? ! Didn't you say she was with V I C T O R? I was wrong
I was wrong. Come on, follow me, follow me
Can I play with you, mama? Not line!
Ride your snake!
Quick point
"Rent out crawlers."
All right, all right, she's walking around the park
Oh, I hope she'll hurry up. I'm afraid of snakes
Oh, yeah, but I'm more afraid of G, A, B, y
Good good
We are almost safe..
What's the matter?
Don't look back
L y n e t t e !
S u s a n !
Hi G a b
Hey, what are you two doing here?
Well, what do we do here?
Oh, E, d, I, E asked me to bring the food
I didn't know she was here
I can't believe you're dead
This is the ultimate betrayal of our friendship
G a B Y She asked me to make 20 pizzas and deliver them to the door and I couldn't say no
Oh, this is a great show
Is our friendship worth 20 pizzas to you?
- We have a three-part contract!
- Oh, come on, G, A, B, Y, be sensible
What you are doing makes us very awkward
- I? You both owe me an apology
- Don't be stupid
I'll leave this party on horseback or you'll come with me right now
- This is the end of our friendship
-   G a b y !
Oh, please. - What are you doing? ! - no!
I mean it!
C a R L O S Stop!
Put me down! What are you doing?
Let me go!
C A R L O S Put me down!
How dare you grab me like that!
You're wrecking your birthday party
What the hell are you doing?
I can't help but be fascinated by their treachery
Come on G a B Y You have no right to be friends with S U S A N and L Y N E T T E
I'm here to tell you what's lame is that you don't have the face to tell me that you and E, D, I, E are dating!
absurd
Oh no
Yes, I found out about it at the engagement party
And I just saw the news of your engagement to V I C T O R on the TV
I didn't count on that
It's just an hour of impulse
So what did you just say?
- You fell in love with that guy?
- Yeah, very much
great
Don't you have love d I E?
We're happy together but we'll never know
So... if I'm on a date and you love someone else and you're ready to get married...
Berto remind me why do you want this mess?
Sorry C a R L O S You really should be sorry
- hey! - hey!
How many omelets would you like to take home
Whatever. I don't want to be seduced
I'd like to bring some... for T.O.M.
Hi, M c C L U S K E Mrs. Y
Would you like some omelet, too?
I thought I came here for the sweet spot
I know you've all been talking about me and I think the only way to get you to shut up is for me to show up
So... who wants to hear some of that scary stuff?
- I think
-Well, if you want to say...
Okay, first of all -- some of you will be upset but I didn't kill G, I, L, B, E, R, T
I was at L A U G H L I N for the weekend when I came home and found him dead in front of the TV
He's got a remote in his hand, God
It was two o 'clock in the morning, and I decided not to call the funeral home until morning
I'll go over to the table and see what's going on
And then I found his retirement plan and guess what?
I am not the beneficiary of his death
-Who's that? - His first old lady
He married that girl just two years after he started his job
We lived together for 3 or 4 years and the white fool did not change the document
Not only have I lost G, I, L, B, E, R, T, I'm going to lose something
So I... um...
You hid him in the freezer and renewed cash checks
Oh, what am I supposed to do?
The feeling that he was by my side for some time was not wrong
Forget about this one... Invert this is true
Ladies can spread this message in four places.... but some people don't need it
Didn't expect me to show up, did you?
Oh, I've called 20 times and you're not supposed to answer... Yeah, I can't
Speaking of that... it's clear... I've been very confused
Finally, I went to see the psych doctor
Actually, that's what the court ordered me to do.
Um... I want to talk to you
Are you quite sure
yeah
I want to marry I a N
I'm sure it's hard for me to make this decision, especially since you remember what we've been through
- Or maybe it's because things have changed. - No
M, I, K, e
At least I have a memory
- Ready to go?
- yes
I told K.I.M. to close for the rest of the day and she was going to lock up
Good -
I'll get my clothes
- good
hi! Do you have a table for seven?
- hey! - hey!
What are you doing here?
The kids are gonna give you a surprise. This is how we eat together. How did you... how did you get here?
I mean, you can't drive a car
I'm a cab driver. I took two painkillers.
- Surprised?
-yeah, a little bit
We all miss you so much
Oh, I miss you too
Hey, grab a big table and I'll have R.I.C.K. fix us some snacks
Hey, wow, you smell good
Oh, it must be mint
It smells good
Hey, K, A, Y, L, A, why don't you go get your sister a high stool?
- Okay. - Okay. Who wants pizza?
Oh, hi. Change of plans
Yeah, I can see that
I'm sorry
But you go...
Oh, no, I'll keep it
I'll make you a nice meal for the whole family
Xie xie
Thank you, sweet girl
You're taking good care of me
When will L y n e t t E come home?
She'll be back as soon as the pizza place closes
Is that R, I, C, K helping her?
In this case, we can give him the wages
I feel like L, Y, N, T, T, T like him
Of course,
He is a good man and a bad worker
No, I mean, she likes him. She likes him.
How can you say that?
Just as far as I can see
All right, later, dad
S U S a N H a I n S W O R T H Too oh my God I love to call you this
Do you want to keep your name?
Because I love that name
Just let me call you "my old lady."
To hand in
Don't you think we'll live in a honey jar?
I mean, it could be so sweet
When people arrive, they throw fruit
Oh, I'm gonna pick this up
Why don't you go upstairs and warm up your bed?
You are so clear that we will be together for the rest of our lives, are we not?
I know that
Hi S U S A N I don't want to bother you
I just have so much more to say
I can't say two words when I see you again
No matter what you are the most beautiful sight in my life and I hope you will have a happy home
See again
Oh I'm M, I, K, E
Hi S U S a N
Um... I don't mean to bother you
I just have so much more to say
Oh, see you again, I can't say two words
No matter what you are the most beautiful scenery in my life
I hope you will have a happy homecoming
See again
Oh I'm M, I, K, E
Where are you going?
Go home... to England
Back to the UK?
What's the matter?
Oh, just...
What am I supposed to do?
Ten minutes ago we were still drawing and you said how happy we were to be together
I... see you took the message from M, K, E
Oh I A N I made a choice
But not from the right cause
You're just trying to honor the promise you made me
It's not like this
I will forget M, I, K, e
You've been forgetting him since THE day I knew you
It's been a little rough, hasn't it?
I love you
I know you love me
But you love him a little more, don't you?
I don't want to feel so far away every time I look at my wife
I'd think you were thinking about him
I'm really sorry
You deserve to be blessed
I am also
See S, U, S, A, n
Hi, M c C L U S K E Mrs. Y
L, Y, n, E, T, T, E well, our new nanny is not doing very well
Want to get back on the responsibility trail?
Are you sure you want me, the Witch of Wisteria Lane, to take care of your children?
My children know you're not a witch
broken
I should have gotten a staff
We miss you
I am also
But I want a raise
Well, I don't have any papers
I just talked to Mrs. M, C, L, U, S, K, E, Y and she's gonna be babysitting for us again
- That's great. - Yeah
And I keep thinking it's time for me to go back to work
- what?
- That's right. I'm done
I should go somewhere
But... the doctor said it would take you months to recover after only six prayers
I'm not gonna grab a bag full of ice cubes. I can just spray cheese on my pizza
And... I don't want you to have to run a restaurant all by yourself
- I don't care. - Really?
For it was said for thee that this work would not be as thy death
Yeah, I said no, I don't want you to go back to work before you get better
You're gonna get hurt again
I'll be careful
The biggest advantage is that you can get rid of R, I, C, and K
R i c k ?   Why do you want to fire him?
I know he's fine, but his salary is clouding our earnings
In fact, he can bring more than his salary
I mean, he's got a pile of shredded noodles from all those new dishes he made for him
Is it true? yeah
I think firing him was a big mistake
Oh, I just wanted to
Well, don't think too much about it
Take a break and get up quick
That's what we need to do
Are you coming home late?
Most likely
There's a big party at ten o 'clock
Therefore..
I only get to see you in the morning
- I'm waiting for you
Good -
Hi I d a
What's the matter?
That stupid postman mixed up my letters with mine again
Oh, poor Mr. H, E, N, L, E, Y his memory is getting worse
Thank you for stopping by
Hey, did you hear about M, I, K, E?
No, what happened to him?
- He moved
- Moved?
What do you mean?
M o n a C L a R K E Stomach panthenic acid Ling can't sleep at two o 'clock in the morning she can see M I K E everything is packed
Well, that doesn't make any sense
M, I, K, E don't just leave without beeping
He did exactly that
According to C, A, R, L, O, S, something bad has happened and M, K, E is going to take a break
I'm sorry to hear that
I always liked him
I wanted to be assistant manager but apparently I had to flirt with Mrs. S C A V O to get the job
He's still going out with E, D, I, E but everyone can see that he's still in love with G, A, B, Y
Are you the old lady from the rumoured closet?
It's not my fault
Scary, isn't it?
Welcome to the Williamsburg Restaurant. My name is M A X, because the hospital won't let my mother pronounce me "Whoo whoo."
I've been out of town this summer. What's new?
Fresh? I'd like to...
Facebook goes public with Snowden vault
K I M K A R D A S H I A N and K A N Y E W E S T have a baby "K E E p U p W I t H t H E K a R d a S H I a n s"
P A U L A D E E N Lost his job Gay marriage bill passed food host repeatedly got in trouble for racist comments and a California teacher was fired for having sex with a student
J u s t I n B I e B e r C h r I s B r o w n
R I H a N N A beaten down or not to run (C H R I S B R O W N)
Oprah paid Lindsay $0.2 million to get her on the show. Michael Douglas gave oral sex to women and got throat cancer, okay? Just one more excuse for men all over the world not to blow up their women
The situation in Egypt is A mess A M A N D A B Y R N E s It's getting worse. The former child star has been making crazy moves in recent years I'm like my crazy ex-girlfriend
And the Texas misogynist, the Florida police officer who beat a black man to death T R a Y V O N M A R T I N was acquitted
And everyone hates everything except Angelina jolie. - Oh, yeah
I mean, is there anything new on the menu?
I don't know. Let me ask
Hey C a R O L I n E What's new I need to know?
Bao Bao smiled at the queen
I'm talking about what happened at the store
Oh, looks like we're cleaning the fork now? I just ask
Look, ALL IT takes is a quick change of clothes and we go from being fluffy in polyester to being powerful
Just like the superhuman
But superman is at a phone booth instead of a little shop that says "Call me when I'm happy"
Why are you writing if you don't want to?
Because my eyeliner can't write "Call C a R O L I n E"
Look at us wearing our "M A X Handmade cupcake" T-shirts again
Do you see the sign?
Actually, I don't want to measure your ladies 'breasts
Let me shine
Oh, E, A, R, L you're one in a million
Because 9, 9, 9, 9, 9 men will only look at my section
I have to get home
I really miss growing up in Korea
What are you thinking about? Adolescence?
M A X is the first in our country
In my head, I'm still rich and my medic isn't morden Primordial
Who wants to go to the back and see how awesome our all-new omelet place is?
R a c h a e l R a y
We shouldn't get too excited about tonight's opening
The last big one didn't go so well
That's like saying that the people who got close to the nuke weren't in good shape
Ha! Ha!
Girls, I'm so proud of you guys that you fell down and got up
After I couldn't sell my first jazz album
I'm gonna turn my life around and get drunk and get stoned and get laid
I mean, you know, it's a real thing
But why is your omelet shop opening at this time of year?
- It's 2:00 a.m. - We're open from 2:00 to 4:00
Our target consumer group is "after a bar" group
A drunk Williamsburg man
It's the same target group I used when I was alone and the target of my new store
I mean, you know, it's a real thing
We don't expect much from this evening's opening
It's a soft opening (pilot business)
Is there any difference between soft and hard?
You want me to show him?
Thank you for not
Seriously, it doesn't take a minute
No O, L, E, g
Let me make it clear that I'm in a state
Prepare this room and Hua Li has changed
- R, A, C, H, a, E, L, R, a, y again? - Say what you will
H a N Close your eyes before we go in
I want you to take a full body test
Yeah, I tried to trip you up
- She's laughing. - No, she's not
Is I don't have
H, A, N I swear I won't let her trip you
Now close your eyes
- What's wrong? - Now I feel
She wants to hit me
- She didn't. - Yes, I did
Okay, enough with the closed eyes bullshit
Let me see that stinking room in the back
Let me turn off the lights for a little drama
What's the matter? I didn't do anything
Is my
Now he knew what was hard
I can't believe my own eyes
I felt the same way the first time I saw you
Bottles are the ceramic tile of the original is the original tool is also the original
How do you feel O l E G?
Pretty good
"Pretty good"? All you're gonna say is, "Good? "
This place is originally an old rat adventure playground!
They were lining up to bite us
C a R o L I n E Show them the wound
- I don't want it. - Good?
This room smells like a murder field
Or the dung pit of death
Look what we've done! We made it
The coolest, coolest cupcake place I love!
No, you know, it can't be crazy. It's just a trial run
And H, A, N all of this is possible because you let us rent this place for free
Free rent? Let me just remember
When did I ever say "free rent"?
2. At a quarter past four on the seventh
"I don't care about that garbage pile, you can use it for free."
"It's none of my business to burn flat ground."
I knew I'd get bitten in the back if I learned English too late
Has someone knocked at the door already? That's a nice Megabyte M A X
Opening cough up
Look girls, I'm blowing for you
Thank you, S, P, H, I, A but we don't want to be too high-profile. It's just a soft opening
Oh, I love tryout
S o P H I A - Oh, you o L E G
S o P H I A Sorry this is such an awkward meeting
If we had known you would surprise us
- We don't invite O, L, E, G. - Yeah
I was there when you two broke up and I was stuck with the P, T, S, D
"S o P H I E after the wound."
There is no dog blood
The award for the best drama will go to
It's not us, right? O, L, E, G?
Yeah, we're friends now
Girls, I cheated on her so she broke my car window
There are Windows in my apartment
There's your stand up voice and flat panel video
There's my brother's flat-panel TV and his daughter's TV
Yeah, she scared me. She shouldn't have been home at that time
We have recovered, evening friends
Good night my friend
We have O, L, E, g
This one is so cool
Oh, honey, look at the guests
Hey cool guys!
Come and have a bite at my aunt's shop! (S o f t o p e n I n g
It's not even close to what I thought it would be but it's okay
How do you do?
What are they?
M A X Handmade paper cup eggcake
In England we call it a fairy cake.
Fairy omelet? damn
Why are handsome guys all g, A, and Y? (f a I r y for gay)
We can have it all
Oh my god!
American Express black card? (Amex's top-end cards say you can buy planes by swiping them.)
I haven't held a black one with these hands in years
I bet you've never shaken a black hand before
Sorry, this is our first day of opening only cash
The man is a real mess
- What are you hooked on? -Not much more than a few minutes
I don't know what I'm on but I'm jealous
Now I'm really jealous
I'm sure he'll be all right
Oh, I bet he'll be fine
And he's gonna be my next boyfriend
R O N D get up, man
He's not breathing anymore
I can't wake him. Call nine, one, one!
Call nine, one, one!
I've seen this all the time
One summer DAY I was working as a lookout for a crowded meth den and he's gonna wake up soon he's dead
Said was wrong
M A X died in front of our store last night the guy was a rock star
He also dated K a T E M O S S
No offense, but isn't dating K, A, T, E, M, O, S, S the same as English law
Everyone has to do it as soon as they turn 21
His name is R O L A N D G L A S S and he made two gold records
I can't believe I've never heard of him
I believe that
You can't listen to a song without listening to the original tape of The Paperboy
Yesterday it was a rolling star and today it's not
I ordered breakfast from this great brunch place at the corner of the street
That breakfast you ordered from The Best latte? M A G n A C u M L a U D e Latin for "excellent" when I walk past that store every day there are only two things on my mind
Number one, I wish I had a gun
Number two, one of these days I have to order the best croissant bun for breakfast delivery
Who knows? I don't know. I smoked too much tonight and then I died
But at least die doing what my mother loved the most
That's right. People only live once
Y O L O   ( Y o u   O n l y   L i v e   O n c e )
The next time you say "Y, O, L, O", you're out of business
Oh, no, it's bad news again
Google alert for M A X handmade cupcakes says you set up a Google alert for our business?
I just set up a Google alert for oprah topless
It doesn't mean it's going to happen but if it does I'll be the first to know
R O L A N D G L A S S died in front of our shop
All right, my cell phone is dead, too
O L E G Why are you still carrying our sign
Doesn't it mean it's already up (h u N G)? I mean I'm big (H u N G)
I can't hang it up right now because there are people in front of your Windows
Is there someone in front of our window?
Is this the place where my family R O L A N D died?
Yeah, it's right there so I have to put the candle right here next to Paddington bear
I found it at his last recital
And picked up (dyed) the rash
Why did you just lie down and die?
He didn't touch it and laugh before he died
With a smile? The younger sister!
M A X come and speak to me
I'm sorry about that shiny hat
Oh, thank you. I found it in a garbage bucket
M a X Are you doing it?
Don't tell me he hit it
We need to get out of this
There's nothing left to do
Three dozen eggcakes, please
You did
There's a bunch of guys coming over tonight. How much for a quiche? 7 pieces of money
Zha so expensive
This is R O L A N D can rest
* Knock on the door of heaven *
He hit it right here before he fell
As he fell down, he looked at me and smiled
Full and quiet
Seven bucks each, cash only
I said can you break the 50?
M a x
What am I to do?
A 5 0
Okay, why? Why?
* Knock on the door of heaven *
1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 0
M A X is almost sold out
I'll have to get some more from the kitchen
Good to it
E a r l ?
To the
The old fen gives you 30 cents for every dollar it sells
Pity the hell out of it
How much money would we make selling Cannabis?
Do you want in on that one? The old rule of thirds
It doesn't smell like a fucking hippie shit pit
The h-A-N family is mourning for you
Can I be more respectful? Respect for what?
Are you two up to something next? Selling cakes to diabetic kids at children's Hospital?
Do you doubt my sincerity?
I just kicked a bum off the altar of Mourning and he pissed twice
It doesn't matter what I said at 4:15 on the 2nd, 7th
I'd like to take your rent
Oh, dream about it. He's stoned to death
The Emperor tended to us and let him die in front of my window
Life is short and I'm taking it
Y O L O
"Y O L O" "H O D O" (H e O n L Y D I e D O n C E)
Why don't you sell t-shirts with "H, O, D, O" on them?
Don't you stop?
We're trying to soothe a broken heart with an omelet
Knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock knock
I'm tired of making money on my own
You have to pay me the rent
In a year?
A month, is there such a convenient place
That's what we swept out, too
Just to show him the teeth marks!
M a X people do not want to
Give me 200 a month whatever you say, I will do it!
- Show him the teeth marks! - Right away!
Got a rat on your ass?
All right, give me one, nine, five
You said that rent-free H, A, and N
This is a matter of life, not personal
Can you make sense of my pain?
Show him the teeth marks on his front!
No no no it's too private
- I'm sorry I sacrificed your life. - It's hard to live
- Don't comfort me
We also put some flowers there is a little heart
Feel good warm
It looks like you didn't steal the flowers
M A X is about love
And wouldn't it save more money to have someone else in the garden?
What about the altar of mourning?
Thou shalt not deceive me!
I don't care what you said
* Knock on the door of heaven *
Can you trust each other?
He made a lot of money
We haven't been invited yet
R O L A N D fried chicken in Los Angeles tonight!
You can pay $8.95 for your watch
J I m I n y C R I C K E T: Pinocchio's Little Cricket
No door, M, A, X this is our altar of mourning
Get the bears out of here
And bring back the altar of the dead?
I will be offered a drink of my own honour
It just died here
M a x do you want to succeed at the end?
If you want, take these limericks away and move them back to our window without rhyme
Because it is our dead man's treasure
That's a little rude of you
"I love you, K, E, V, I, N."
Oh, rhyming gold
Knocked over a candle and lit a small fire
It burns on my shoes
This is gonna be my memorial if I don't put this fire out
Look! Look!
These two aunts have broken the altar of mourning for the dead!
Look! A cockroach escaped from the dining room! Crush it!
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
They have disturbed the peace of the dead for their own economic gain!
Hey, that's not good
Yes, yes, yes!
-Bad Ming Ming is him! - yeah! Look at him!
R O L a n d G L A S s died a sad death in front of the window of our lousy omelet shop
See yet? "Sad"? "Bad"?
The rhyme popped out
Hey!
Hey, he knows!
I told him not to pee on the altar in front of our window last night!
Isn't it?
Yeah, that's the bitch
No wrong! No wrong! I'm the bitch!
That's not good
Get him out of here
This is my money bag!
In hand! It's not my purse
Stop!
Stop!
All the casters of the Rolling Generation, stop it! (Tom Cruise's movie in 2012)
Put him down he's not a bad guy
That's what I'm wearing against my brain bag
Say really really want to be successful such as this do not choose hand paragraph?
Just let H A N be torn to shreds?
I'm thinking of
C a r o l i n e
M A X I'm thinking about it
Well, now there's no one knocking at our door
There's a man dead outside and more dead in the back door
I've been thinking about what we did today
Why do we let H A N live?
In?
I brought you some rock star pudding to say thank you
What's in rock star pudding? Medicine pills?
Broken dreams? Tear-soaked underwear?
C a r o l i n e ?
I'm not as talkative as M A X (E A S Y)
That's what all the girls in my seventh grade class said.
See I was wrong
No, H, A, N, I was wrong
We should have paid the rent
I'm not talking about the rent
Rent? Who said anything about the rent?
I shouldn't say it's not personal it's business
M A X to stop those stinking hippies
After they cut me to pieces
I realize that things between us are more personal
A l I t T L e b u s I n e s
A little J.J.? ( a   l i t t l e   b u s i n e s s )
Well, what else would you have?
B e H a r d o n H a n
He won't charge us for the rent
Who said there was no rent charge
I came up with a price that I thought would suit me
- $25,000. - Yeah, that sounds like a good fit
I take it that's what you were aiming for when you first opened your omelet shop
Then we can talk about the rent when you get to that number
H A N That's very kind of you
Oh, I hate to break it to you. She just said, "H a N" (H a R d - o n H a N)
Really, H, A, N. That's very generous of you
But we've had a little bit of a problem with that. Why don't we count you in?
I'm just waiting for the rent. You're my good friends
Finally, a woman was willing to offer her services to H A N and he refused
M a X Google Alerts
O p R A H topless?
M, A, x forget it. It's not gonna happen
Not in your state of mind
Oh, my God, the autopsy shows that R O L a N d G L A S s was choked to death by an M A x homemade paper cupcake
It's too unfortunate
Hey where's your excitement R A C H E L R a Y?
This place is gonna kill me!
It won't be long before those cynical hipsters are lining up at the window yelling, "Have one of those cupcake cupcakes that killed that guy."
Open the window! I'm a new girl!
But we can't expect people to die here every week
I may not be happy but you are too blind to see the sky
Don't need
That's the nice thing about having this window
Who knows what will happen next?
We don't have to go out to get the idea because we are waiting for the idea to come to us in this street
M a X is so full of possibilities
Today it's a black American Express Card and tomorrow it could be...
M a x will not be..
The other time can welcome the wave of han cut small questions
Previously on The Shizu Family
This was my home in the days WHEN I was away
Marcel got everything I ever wanted
I will take it back
I swear to you my loyalty
From this you possess the key to my kingdom
You're gonna leave me for him again
All who loved Niklaus received nothing but pain and death in return
Niklaus she's carrying your child
You have to come with me, Wolf girl
I am now under the protection of the almighty Klaus
It's time for my niece Cami to leave town
Leave New Orleans and forget everything
Do I recognize you
You've been put to sleep
It's all right. I can take your sleep away
For hundreds of years people came to New Orleans from the Louisiana Territory in 1751
A young French socialite, lured here by the promise of marriage to New Orleans's nobility and gentry, looking for a new beginning, hoping for wealth, adventure and even true love
This is the casco girl
They did not know that the man waiting for them was not a noble gentry, nor was he the gentle son of a noble gentleman
Let her out we want to see the woman this time
Come on, come on, come on
We want a woman
Don't be afraid of the lost lamb
The bad boys are gone
We girls hold each other in a knot
All right, is there anything you want to take with you
The story of the Casco girl survives today in a New Orleans style that celebrates fashionable dress and supernatural talent
The annual festival is a reminder of the feminine nature of men who are forced to fight for themselves and the best thing they can do to win
God really hurts
I'm sorry (
It's the only way to dishypnotize Klaus
Believe me I know how much this hurts
You'll be all right to say that you wrote these notes
Don't trust Klaus it's a great way to remember things
Well done
We've been working hard all night
I don't know what has happened to me
I don't know what I'm talking about
But you'll see
I will retrieve for you the memory that was taken and undo the sleep that the blood sucker put you to
And when you do, you'll be able to see the truth and then you'll be free
I can stop if you want
No, don't stop
I want to remember
Do you need a hand
You may be able to use the magic power of the blood sucking ghost
Please let me take care of you
Xie xie
I don't think many Casco girls are pregnant
I think it looks great on you, but I have to.
I knew I had to cover up that weird werewolf birth
I don't think any of the rabble here would dare to harm you knowing that you're under the protection of our family
But it's best to keep it small
Knocked up and with nowhere to go
Tell you what...
If you want to join the festival tonight
I'd be happy to take you out
Things are so bad between you and Klaus right now
I don't think we're gonna have to do this
But when
Elijah
Can you pull the zipper down for me
But when
It's so dull and ugly
Are we talking about clothes or something else
Why are you so insecure
This festival can be said to be because of me
I need the perfect dress leave me alone
- Becca. - Don't touch me
You've made your choice
You're Klaus's best friend again
You've given up the right to touch me
Guess who it was
What's the matter
There are some questions
Our little bird has escaped from the cage
You should begin to feel a sense of relief
Now your little strip of paper can be easier to solve
I guarantee that the whole world will stop chasing me
I'm sure I'll find the mantra for the sun ring
I know you don't need to worry about it now
I remember why I'm going to write this down
I found a photograph from nineteen nineteen
It's got Klaus and Marcel on it
Klaus hypnotized me into dating Marcel so he could spy on him
He told me yesterday before he made me forget anything
I remember now
Let's go on with the sleep before the solution
Get out of New Orleans and forget me
Your brother was sick when he was a boy
There's no meaning left in it
If you're not a detective, you know it
Our secret weapons are gone
She's not gonna leave like that
She knew the witch was looking for her
And her little Tijuana is gone
Mostly of her own free will
What did you say to her in the attic
She stayed in there and lied to me hoping you would help her control her powers
How do we know it wasn't you who took her
I don't know where Davina is why would I run
Will you please stay away from me
Upon my word, I have no wish to see the child come to any harm
She's been through too much of that dog's ass ritual
The girl you're so motherly about is the most powerful witch in New Orleans
If she gets away, how can we stop her from destroying us
If she is not our friend, she is our enemy
This is our friend Klaus
I hope so
You're lucky I know how to get her back
Come with me
You know how Niklaus works
If he feels threatened he will become intolerant
This doesn't look good for Davina
I'm not gonna let anyone hurt her
I will not
Listen, the little witch is gone, right
Apparently he went out the front door
Do you know what happened
I did tell her the long ones were dead
What do you think she was afraid of when those witches tried to sacrifice her
I guess Marcel didn't tell her that the barrier to her freedom had been lifted
So it was you who set her off
I'm just telling the truth
She realized to herself that she was only a weapon they used to control the witch
I was never on the same side as them
You'll see Elijah will join them
And the three of them won't do it
Used by witches tricked by Marcel manipulated by Elijah and threatened by Klaus
She's a modern-day Casco girl
Are you talking about Davina or yourself
Is there any relationship between
We girls must have a camp, no matter what
I'm sorry to have disturbed you
I called you a little while ago
For this reason you will be reassured
You've been acting like this ever since Agnes died
No, but can you blame me
There doesn't seem to be much to do up close
But when you hold on to a bunch of walking men to hide your pain
In four places I observed the deeds of low voices, heard them and heard them
Marcel's day walkers are all over town
Find a girl with brown hair and blue eyes
I think we've known each other before
If Davina wasn't with Marcel he wouldn't know we were doing magic
And if we can find her, we must save her
More and more bloodsuckers the sun seeks in the hills below
I found this in her old room
Well, let's see where she is
Continue to drink
You need vervain in your system so you won't be lulled to sleep again
Cami, do you have blood bags in your fridge
Why would there be? Here
davina
Someone is doing the magic
They were looking for me
Then we must get on our horses
I can't get out of here
Everyone is looking for me
The witch Marcel Cross
My uncle will do something about it
- Cami. - He needs to know this place
- What's going on? - Cami, stop
But he was also put to sleep
He knows that
What are you talking about
He knows that
He was with Marcel
They may be counted as friends
I could hear them talking
He knows what's going on
Don't be
If he knew the witch had bewitched my brother he would have told me
Does he really know
cami
Oh my god
He knew it all along
You guys really should go get on your horses
Take a plane or a train or a car
You'll have my car parked at the yard end
I'll know you're in position
Put your number in Cami's phone
Most of the French quarter is locked down
We must walk without setting the sun
Don't cry
As soon as it gets dark you come and join us
Okay, don't worry about me
Don't let them find you
I know Klaus told you to follow me but do you really have to follow me to the bathroom
Sophie Deveraux on the phone give me two minutes
It's my gynecology doctor
What are you going to do
I know you don't believe me and you need to listen to me
All of them are going to grow and change
Davina has been set free
You did a pretty good job, didn't you
But it's none of my business
I need your help to get the witches through the harvest
Am I sick? Why should I help you witch get more power
You've been casting a spell on me
If we don't finish the harvest we'll lose our powers forever and that's not good for your family
How do you know about my family
You are one of the new Moon Wolves
Marcel had a witch cast a spell to keep them in Wolf shape
Give me one good reason not to hang up
For the witch who cast the spell was my forefather
You help me finish the harvest and I'll help you break the spell
I don't know what I can do
I need to sacrifice the bones of a powerful witch to draw their power
I know of a witch whose body was never found
Her name is Celeste Dubeau
You should have a friend to share
Elijah
It is said that when she died Elijah buried her at a secret location in accordance with her will
I just need you to find the place
There are people everywhere now
Go straight ahead and no one will find you
cami
We need to get off the street
Kieran's gonna call me if he finds anything, okay
You two look so comfortable
No, I just told Elijah we were wasting our time
Don't you like the Festival
Why not
The street market is so hot
Are you here to help us find someone
You can't have your secret weapon fall into the wrong hands, can you
Let it be known that we shall soon find her
That sounds familiar to me, Niklaus
It's clear you're up to something sinister
What is the
Tim west
Can I talk to you for a second
Cami I'm harassing you again
I just want to know where you are so I can meet you before sunrise
You are good
Joshua's most disappointing servant to me
Would you have picked up if I had called you
Klaus, how are you?
Guess what? I moved to Turkey
It's strange the Turks don't eat Turkey.
- That's weird. - You're lying
Marcel and I were just talking about you being exposed as a double agent and we think you're still in town and with someone else
A young, angry witch
No, no, there's no witch in here
But Turkey is delicious
Are you sure you want to leave Davina's true love, Mr. Timothy, alone with me
Josh, what would she think
I just want to talk to her
Tim and I will meet you at the mansion
I do hope she gets home soon
How long do we have to wait to move on
Wait a few minutes
Then I went to see if the shore was safe
Josh, I'm sorry I missed your call
What?
I didn't want to tell you but I know Klaus
He'll kill Tim if Davina doesn't show up
We'll think about what to do
I want you to go to French territory and be careful not to be seen
We will send you a short message as soon as possible
- I'm going to find him. - Davina, wait
I can't let Tim die
What's the matter
The witch
Don't
cami
I was just picking up some clothes
Can you give me two minutes
Celeste fascinates me
Her beauty is flawless
She's dead
When the sun rises I see only the dark night
But I gave her my word that if she died I would bury her far away from a mess of land far away from the witch and the blood sucker and everyone else
I'm sorry, Elijah
Don't hold tight. It's me. Don't lay hands on me
What are you doing in here
You were supposed to hide
Yeah, but so are you
But I'm worried about that "I want to get back" look on your face
Are you sure you want to mess with the most evil man that ever lived
He pissed me off by taking Tim first
I'm going to kill him kill all of them
The original Davina can't be killed
Perhaps
I have infinite strength
I've never felt the way I feel right now
Those forces are building up in me
I'm strong, Josh
If you kill them
What?
If you really want to do it, do it with all your might
Apply all the force you have to them
It's so sweet that you won't tell Davina if she killed Klaus
That you would die with it is too high
The question is if she does go after my brothers she'll be the one who dies
For this this is full of sad feeling color color story to draw a more sad and strong knot
Maybe you'd like to help me out a little bit
Where did Rebecca go
I'm not worried about Rebecca. How do you know Davina's gonna be here
This will make others think that you have forgotten the feeling that you can't pull yourself out of the craziness
She will come
Do you need to be so sentimental, Niklaus
You have a point there
Timothy, could you please play something a little more cheerful
He's a good boy
That's a long time for you to go on a walkabout
Have you seen any of his night walkers
They're not exactly smart people
No matter how to say I finished the life
You two are gonna let me talk to Davina when she gets here
You'll get your chance
You're so sweet
Silence is golden Thank you, Timothy
davina
I have come to send him down
Well, you and I will have to talk about your coming back to us
Remember what I said, Klaus
Let me come davina what's going on
Why did you run away and tell me
I can help you figure that out
How do you threaten my friend's sexual life
Actually, that was my choice and I'm very sorry
Sometimes I overdid it for the show
But it does work
You act like you believe in yourself but the truth is
You're afraid to let anyone see you for what you really are a wild animal
Poultry beast
Why don't you show us your true face
I've had enough of you
Davina you don't have to do this
you
You lied to my face like you were doing me a favor
Listen to me,
You call yourself an expensive man but just like your brother you're a killer
You've been feeding on the blood of the Innocent for 1,000 years
Let's give you a taste of choking to death
As for you
I trusted you
I love you but you only use me to strengthen your power
You don't care about me at all
You are wrong
When you lost to Klaus you gave me to him as a trophy
Perhaps I should plunge you into the boiling liquid of copper
I care about you
I treat you like my own child
I don't think so
Don't tell me you buy that shit
Maybe it's time for us girls to have a little chat
Well, it's pretty impressive that they all deserve it if YOU ask me
Before you pay me back
I have a surprise for you
Josh, what are you doing here
What are you going to do
If I were Klaus, I would
Josh's head snapped off and fed to the nightcrawlers that's what's gonna happen to your friend
But hurting him is a thing only boys like to do
Like how Klaus hypnotized "Fiddler on the Roof," and while I'm fickle, I'm definitely not like my brother
It's okay, Timothy you can get down now
No one's gonna hurt you
He said he wouldn't let me climb down the beam
Well, then don't use a stupid climbing melon
I'm the only one here with a brain. Jump
Davina how did you do it
How did I get here
I'll make it right, I promise
Why are you doing this
It looks to me like you're in charge and you don't know who to trust
I proved to you that you can trust me
Now there's one more thing I want you to see
It won't be long
You can bring your friends
Sophie, I told you everything
You said he buried her between two lovely oak saplings
That was two hundred years ago
They are big trees now
You want to be an all-powerful witch then keep looking
Pray for a little faith
You can do it
All right
Berto, please do me a favor
I'm trying to do the right thing
Don't worry
They're not really dead they're just starving which doesn't make it any better
Do you think my brother Nick is bad
Marcel learned from him
This is how he treats his friends, as he calls them, who betray him
Most of the poor guys in here don't go any further than Josh
Thierry, for example
He was Marcel's most trusted friend
Crowe tricked him into breaking one of Marcel's rules
Marcel knew that, but he sent Thierry
It's a hell of a lot to be locked up in here
Is crazy
Why are you telling me this
Because you need to know who you need to talk to and who you can trust
It's okay
You'll be fine
Drink some water, please
Davina you and I we've both been lied to and used by Marcel and Klaus
May we join hands enough to give them a small report
Each bit
Tim
Klaus forced me to do this
I didn't know what I was doing until I let you
What the hell is wrong with her
Drink water
Tim
Klaus poisoned the water
Tim
davina
Don't
Cami, are you okay
Have you had dinner today
You must have blacked out
Yeah, maybe I was secretly knocked out by three witches
Where's Davina
Does your friend Marcel know she's here
Cami, I can explain
Blood sucking ghost witch
My brother your nephew has been cursed by a witch
How could you keep this from me
It's complicated
There are a lot of things you don't understand
You're hiding the truth from me
You made me believe that Sean was crazy and that I was crazy instead of telling me the truth
I was trying to protect you
You saw what happened to Sean
(please
Stay away from me
You're as bad as every other monster in this town
It was awkward
Rebecca, where are you
I'm with Davina and she's dying because of your betrayal
I tried to get her to stop looking up to Marcel so much but she made it very clear that she's not our friend
I'm sorry if you think she's your friend
Tell me what I can do to save her
The blood of a bloodsucker will not work
Yeah, it's not gonna work
The poison I had Timothy give her was very effective
It's only a matter of time before she dies
It's the two of them you miserable piece of shit
They are still children
We could have bargained with her on equal terms
Those who threaten us need not make trade
Davina's fate was sealed the moment she turned against me
It was her choice, not mine
Don't do that
You know, you can't stop blaming me for this
Do I need to remind you that Davina is stronger than any of us
I did what I had to do
Don't worry Elijah I'm as salvageable as ever
So you manipulated that boy into poisoning Davina without asking Marcel or me
You know what the worst question is
You're too easy to read
I have to make an alliance with your brother who I don't like
It sounds like there's something you want to tell me
You're right
Kieran called me earlier right after Sabine and the other witches did what they did to Davina
How are you?
Let me guess the protective charm
Do you think I'm gonna spend a day doing nothing while I can do magic
They should have done the same
You broke my rules Sabine and I'm guessing your protection spell is a one-time thing
I give you a choice of two things you can do immediately to keep your friends company or you can do the same for one of my witch friends
You have a pretty good idea of who I'm talking about
So when you said you were going to check out the night blood sucker it was working with a witch
Very clever!
I should be proud of myself
I just wanted to
Leave yourself a way out just as Elijah predicted you're starting to show your true colors
But this time you have chosen to ally yourself with a witch who, as I understand, has always been our enemy a member of our family who has threatened and threatened us
Davina is Marcel's family Niklaus and you tried to take her life have you forgotten that
Call Rebecca
Tell her Davina will recover
But the boy is not lucky enough to survive
Tim
Tim, Tim
Tim Tim wake up Wake up
Keep your eyes open No, no, no
Wake up!
Don't leave me alone
She also ok
She was overwhelmed and exhausted
Where is her room
Leave it to me
I come on
Some say that this is the world of men and sometimes it is so
Many casco girls were rescued but that was limited
She's never gonna trust me again
maybe
But you'll never be able to give up and reclaim her trust
But women are more rebellious than the world thinks
What are these paintings
She used to draw things like this in the garret when she was under the spell
These are what she calls evil
And there are some women
Can say that the people who have bullied her had better be careful
Are you surprised to see me
But you tried to control me and let me go
Do you remember the
This is all the work of undoing the controls
It was worth the pain, though
Makes it clear why I want to stay
Oh, and Klaus if you hurt Davina and Josh again I will expose you to the world and you can kiss the French Quarter goodbye forever
A good night
I'm also rebellious and tired of being pushed
For 1,000 years my brother and brother did what they wanted regardless of the consequences
Marcel seems to have acquiesced while Elijah sits by his side foolishly waiting for him to change
Men are so fucked up
What do you want me to do
Marcel can't seem to give up on my brother despite your warnings
They rule this city shoulder to shoulder while you rot in here
I want you to help me take Back New Orleans for them to watch and I have a secret weapon an inside man
She was a rebellious girl herself
Are you ok
I feel much better now
How are you today
A rough
What do these paintings look like
Davina's sketch
I don't know if it's representing something
They seem to foretell what is to come
Seems like a bad omen
Oh, my God, that's not
Hello, Celeste
Come on, Sophie, pick up
My brothers and I are history
The earliest blood sucking ghosts were the Shizu clan
We helped found New Orleans 300 years ago
Now we have returned to the city in the midst of battle
Marcel the vampire leads an army against a group of desperate witches
My brother Klaus was an enemy of both he craved power and wanted to protect the werewolf carrying his child
But Marcel had an advantage when he captured our brother Elijah with the help of a secret weapon
Now I'm trying to save my beloved brother
I have no choice but to support the brother I can't trust
August 1359
I noticed a difference between brothers and sisters
The bond between us grows tighter under the pressure of the blood sucker's life
Once the blood demon is attached to the body, it becomes more and more distant from human nature
My dear sister Rebecca became more and more cold and heartless
The biggest problem, however, is Niklaus
He then with the remnant of patience covered with their own loneliness
Until I firmly believe that I, as their elder brother, will bring them back to the right path to which the power of the family is directed
If I fail our house will sink only in the darkness
I don't believe you before I deal with those blood suckers myself
I know I love a little bit of fire
Should I leave them in the front yard to rot
Again, they are my responsibility
They attacked the helpless little pregnant woman with my child
I'm so moved by your role as a new father to the werewolf carrying your bloody baby
To make me feel something
Wolf girl wants to know what the plan is
That depends on what kind of plan you're talking about
My plan to rule the world or Rebecca's plan to find love in a cruel world
The plan to rescue Elijah you know the good brother
The one you stuck the dagger in the back of your back and found first in the hands of your dead enemy
To be clear, it is from the front
You two said you were gonna get him back
Are there any plans in the works
All right
First of all, Marcel is not my mortal enemy
He was my friend though he didn't realize THAT I was trying to break his grip on the entire realm of transcendental dharma but he was my friend nonetheless
Second, I daggered Elijah to gain Marcel's trust
I'd have known he'd have my brother controlled by a particularly violent teenage sorcerer
I would definitely try to make a slightly different choice number three yes
Point three the plan as you requested is for Niklaus to ask Marcel directly for Elijah
This isn't the whole plan, is it
Thanks to Joe
Klaus may not be a good brother but there is no other bad heart
This is the only plan dear
But there's always a backup plan
What is the backup plan
I look too good in western clothes
Joshua Rosen 1 8-year-old Instant News tourist missing recently came to New Orleans as..
I will stand out as the eyewitness under the coder's hand and prove that he sees
These two drunk guys fell into the Mississippi And they're gonna be under investigation for weeks
No one's going to look close enough
Well, that's good considering one died in a trash bucket behind the county morgue and the other is now a blood sucker
Is there anything else
Please let me kiss you
There's one more thing
I've sent four night blood suckers to check out a werewolf that's been spotted in the French quarter
There was no rest for them after that
That's 10 night blood suckers who died last Monday
Do you think the werewolves are back in here trying to make trouble
I know you and Klaus are friends
But the truth is since the Originals came along shut up, Thierry
You're not still mad at me for giving you a little bite of a poisonous werewolf a few days ago
I blame the kindness that is past
I see you've given him the privilege of free movement in this area
There's nothing wrong with being my family and me
Who lived here and built this place
Come on, don't do that
You both know the rules
Thierry is one of my men
Klaus is my old friend and loyal Lord
And a guest in this house
Is it all right to go with the flat
What do you need a brother for
I think my sister Rebecca insisted that I get Elijah back
She was very angry about it
But when
There'll be three originals walking the town on horseback, won't there
Half of us think his sister killed the night blood sucker
Is that the finger-pointing of an original
Didn't I just say I wanted to live with Ping
to
Take a walk with me
Your lover lacks a sense of silence
He protected me a little bit but he was loyal
I saved his life in the '40s and found him dying of war wounds outside the VA hospital
He would kill for me and die for me
And that boy who plays the trumpet is too good to be true
Maybe see if we can get him to perform at the party tonight
You're gonna be here
How could I have missed the opportunity to recognize the councilman who has received a generous donation from you
He's an idiot but he's doing some community service and he lets us do our own thing
For example, people who don't put our fangs right
Listen to the
I'd love to help you out about your brother but Thierry's right
My men are on tenterhooks
They see the originals back here and vampires dead and it makes them nervous
If I give Elijah back to you now it might give them the wrong impression of who's really in charge here
You know what I mean
You're gonna have to talk to me
Klaus asked Mary Magdalene a simple question for how long
It's taking longer than you thought because the answer didn't work as expected
Marcel's man Thierry is paranoid
He's absolutely right that you killed 10 night blood suckers
I only killed eight people for lying
Should I make Thierry the ninth
Marcel was pretending to be friendly
We can't kill his favorite son or he'll pay us back
- Let's do it. - Yeah
Do you know how to pay the witch
- I think I know. - Good
You take on Sophie Devereux
I'll take responsibility for the next step
I ordered you to drain his blood
What took you so long
I'm sorry I'm not a middle age expert
What did he do to you
It doesn't matter what he did
It's what he's gonna do when we're done it's what I want him to do just like you
With this he pierced his body
This is crazy
I didn't want to do it but I did
This is called spirit control
Blood sucking ghosts can control humans
The originals like me and my brothers and sisters can control blood suckers while no one can control the Originals
Do you understand? Good
That's why a new night blood sucker like you is here taking my orders without anyone noticing
But I'm the one who never ran dry
Yes, young Joshua because I controlled you when there was no vervain in your system
Vervain prevents control
Marcel told all his companions to start drinking vervain when I got back
That's why our friend needs to drain the blood so THAT I can control him to do what I tell him to do
Now my brother is taken prisoner and waiting to be rescued by my camp
We can't be so gentle
I'm glad you could make it
While you're dawdling
Elijah lies rotting with a dagger in his body
You're lucky I'm even here
You want to do it
Hayley was attacked by Marcel's men last night because someone told him they saw a werewolf in the Quarter
She's only been to one place
Whoever saw her sold her
Watch and learn
- Hi, Sophie. - Hi, Kitty
It's full of marigolds and it's very attractive for you
Doubt it
Do you have anything else Yes.
I didn't know it was a peregrine
Why do you want that one
Don't play dumb with me
Rebecca
I sold a few herbs to the werewolf and that's all
Are you lying to me, Kitty
I advise you to answer my questions honestly
Answer her question Kitty please
is
I told someone else but you didn't understand
I love him,
Tell me who your blood-sucking ghost lover is
Do you want me to count back
Quick point
I'm going to build an entire team. A captive servant is not a team
How about
You were right about the renegade
Fortunately, she is only a child and knows nothing about us and our eyes
You want to hear the most exciting thing you've ever heard
Please go ahead
She was in love with one of Marcel's cronies
Guess who is
The left hand has to help the right hand
A correct answer adds two points
Thierry is getting closer and closer to the enemy
That means he somehow became the key to our whole plan
I told you it would cheer you up
In a city where a blood-sucking ghost and a witch face each other, blood - qi fang has just fallen in love
That's too bad
Are you crazy
- No. - It's simple
All we need from you is a small, unusual locator spell to help us find our brother
In this town any sorceress who uses magic will be caught and killed
On this matter
It seems that you have left out an important point in our exchange
Marcel's secret weapon he knows how witches use magic
This tall little girl is very cute and easy to get angry with
davina
Where did you see her
I don't know
That little kid erased my memory right after she threw me out a window with a wish she deserved to die
Let me make it heavier
Davina has Elijah
I'm sure you witches would love to separate Davina from Marcel
We have no idea where she is
That's why we need magic
Davina will feel it
Surely not another witch
Biruin was a traitor
Such as Katie
And at the same time cast a more powerful spell
That will create a cloud of smoke that will hide your little spell from Davina
Katie doesn't deserve to die.
Sophie Devereux
You can't have rules like that
You can't win a war without a tactical loss no matter how regrettable that loss may be
How often blood sucking ghosts are the first to know something they shouldn't know
Your sister was executed in a public square for using magic who knew she would be caught
Did she try to get away
She was caught hiding in the hold of a cargo ship just as it was about to set sail on the Mississippi River
So who is it that you tell me that one of Marcel's most important cronies runs his dock business
Katie's boyfriend Thierry
You're right. He's right
Right? I call him the Music man
The ladies loved him, but he was possessed
He's always around his pretty little witch saying he loves her but I don't know
You don't care that your most important warrior is on friendly terms with your enemy
Of course I care but Thierry is a grown man
He's gonna make his own decisions and I'm gonna gain some valuable insight
And he wouldn't do anything to jeopardize our business
Well, look at a blood-sucking demon Lord holding a lavish and benevolent society
We're a whole body in here that nobody can break
Though?
Well, you wouldn't want those witches to be too bold if one of them said there were werewolves in town
Led to the disappearance of your nocturnal blood sucker
I'm sure you've considered the possibility of a trap
Maybe IT's time I gave you a hint
thierry
Take a team of night blood suckers to the witch's little haunt tonight
Thierry, don't be too polite
So I moved back here to be closer to my brothers
Let's face it, family comes first, Camille
Call me Cami and I need to change this name tag
Drunk people like to talk to me in French
Have you really never been here before
You look familiar
You must have seen me walk outside
Aren't you dating Marcel Gerard
He's a friend of mine, so to speak
I heard he liked blond bartenders back in Rousseau's day
I wouldn't call it a date
I think he's asking me to do it
I don't know
He's very charming
It's a big idea that I should run
I am in a state of separation and closure
That's the worst of all, isn't it
There are some things you can't let go although you won't be on when you are always very clear
I like you, Cami
Most girls like to make sarcastic remarks about other people, which is annoying
thanks
I should go to this lavish charity party that the good family is throwing tonight
He's kind of like Gatsby throwing a mean party
You are interested in?
Little younger sister
Brother brother, I believe I am sure
Marcel's gonna be a little distracted tonight
Should I ask
Let's just say he doesn't care about us
I did the best I could
What are you doing to ensure Elijah's safe return
Now I'm getting ready to insure against heartbreak
What do you mean
We need to give Katie the right motivation to cast a powerful spell tonight
I'm working on a motor
Marcel gave the order to harass the witches
Don't
I went back and made a terrible mistake
What is Ming Bai going to do
No problem,
What's wrong with the outside
Klaus is
He made Marcel think the witch was planning a move against him
Marcel wants us to give him a hint if he thinks I'm favored because I'm in love with a witch
Say it again
I love you, Kitty and everything's gonna be okay I promise
Marcel may not care about all that Thierry stuff
I've been there already
But some SINS were said against him
You can forgive me for that
thierry
Let her go. Get out of here
The one who kills his own mate counts as one
That would be unforgivable
If Katie wants to save her lover from Marcel's punishment and wants to save him
He must bring back his words with magic
What else is love worth paying for life
I have to say that this backscene music is perfect for tonight
What is she doing in here
What better way to distract Marcel than to have his little human girlfriend in a place full of vampires
You're so cute and you're so beautiful
This dance is ridiculous but I think I'll enjoy it
He is the elusive family member with the notorious reputation
Actually, you're talking about brother brother and my sister is right
Yours is really beautiful
And you're wearing the right look
Don't let that fool you, honey
I'm a Wolf in sheep's skin
I'll have some wine while you two talk
- dancing?
- good
Scotch. Thank you.
Did you invite her here to make yourself popular
I think she is very precious
I bet you love her pure heart
Or maybe SOMEDAY I'll kiss it and feed it to you
You look good when you're jealous, Rebecca
The guy Rebecca was talking about
I think it might be Marcel
I wouldn't want to do that
It's been a long time
What I'm thinking is your sister's a bitch
It looks like she invented the word
Listen to the
Excuse me for a moment
cami
The killer ball
It is due for duty
I would have invited you to...
It was just a date
There is no need to explain anything
I'll entertain myself while you do your thing
Why abandon you
Watching you with someone else
Don't even think about it
You're not supposed to be in here
Who are you
No, I didn't mean to scare you
I'm Sabine. We've met
I'm a friend of Sophie's
You're the witch in this house
Sophie asked me to hang out with you while everyone else was hanging out
It's drawn to the child inside you
Half blood sucker, half werewolf
You and Klaus have created something very special
You sound like Elijah
He felt that this boy would make a big, happy home for us to camp, but he was not here now and he had...
I didn't even know that it was.
What is the
Listen I can help you if you want
I mean to help you find out if it's a boy or a girl
I also don't think you can use magic here
It's not sorcery it's just some old playmate who taught me
Come on
You must be a little weird
I thought you said you did community work
Community fundraising
Throw a party and get people to open their wallets for donations
That's what I do for a living
I am probably the one you say is not good but necessary.
What about Rebecca was she one of your donors
She is an old friend
Not too old
She looks younger than ME
You'll be surprised
I met her when I was a child
Stop talking about her
I just want to be with you
You are one hell of a little devil, aren't you
I mean, they're perfect for each other
You want to break Marcel's heart and this is it
I got to go
Lost to accompany
What have you been up to
Not here
Put it somewhere else
I know you think he's a beast
It doesn't matter what I think
Thierry killed another vampire
He broke Marcel's biggest rule
You'll never see him again
What else do we do
"I have"
I want to save my people
Do you want to save Thierry
There is only one way to reach these two orders
Are you ready
Something's going to happen to Marcel
The magic method
I want to hear what you have to say
Marcel, come on
Your edition says
We were throwing POTS and pans
That guy some nocturnal vampire attacked Katie for no reason
His name is Max and I turned him
He doesn't need a cause
She's a witch and he's a blood sucker
Now he's dead
I don't mean it
You broke my most important rule
Hell, we've been friends for 70 years
Is the
I made you immortal
I gave you a gift
I've been loyal to you and I'm loyal to you now
I'm still your friend Marcel
I swear it hasn't changed
You're right about the love
He's got a big spleen, doesn't he
Maybe now I should remember I knew it would be like this
This is what we found in his girlfriend
Are you still my friends
It's funny
Because your little witch has a locked spell in her hand
Marcel I've never seen this before
Close your mouth
I see you're still wearing the sunbeam finger I gave you
Why do you need a recipe for a ring unless you're going to betray me and start a new business with Katie
No, Marcel
Let me teach you what a friend is
Friends don't cheat me and break my rules and steal what's right for me
For the crime of plotting to kill his fellow man
I sentence Thierry Vanchure to be imprisoned in the garden for 100 years
Good play on the stage
Your decision is correct
It's the only way to find Elijah
I just do what I have to do
Don't Katie
Just in time
Quick point
Don't
Are you here to save your own man
Bring it on, little aunt
Go to hell, you son of a bitch
Don't Katie
Things don't go right
Katie's magic has stopped
I can go on
She'll notice if we don't
I can find Davina just give me a little more time
You may risk your life to get your witch back but Haley and the baby will follow you to your death
Elijah will never forgive us and saving him will mean nothing
All tied up and we lost
No, Kitty, no, no, no
Don't
Tell me
She is worth?
I love him,
Seal him up and let him rot in here
How much did Cammy see
She saw only a fight
There's nothing you can't pay for
You really like her, don't you
I'm glad she didn't get dragged into this
It's also a good thing to look at this world with human eyes sometimes
I'm sorry about Thierry
I can tell he's a good friend to you
I made him with one hand
Obviously I shouldn't have trusted him
It's not going to be any better
I owe you for saving my ass tonight
You want your brother back
It's the only thing I can do for you
- -
- Don't even think about it
I know why you're here
You're here to speak up for your friend
You are a good man but you are.
But you've been hurt before and you don't dare try it again
Of this kind
The man I saw tonight is not the man I thought he would be if he could get so angry so easily.
Sounds like a lot more than a broken heart
It seems that someone has rebelled against your faith
Brave bartender Camille
I'm sorry
But I want you to give Marcel another chance
I guess I got the wrong idea
No, you're right but we all have our own parts to play
You went to see Marcel and danced with him
It's hard for you to argue with your friends for him but all you remember is that he's beautiful
This night was a complete failure
It's the exact opposite of that
It was a great night
Are you crazy
Katie died before Sophie could finish the spell
I know very well that I killed Katie
What did you do
There's no reason we're looking for a dead little witch
Not trying to bury Marcel with her
That's why I saved his life
He did what I wanted
Sophie trusted you.
I trusted you over Ben, who was more reliable than me
Wake up, Rebecca
Witches only work for themselves
All they want is this girl Davina and when they have her what do you think the truce will be
Of course not
They'll use Davina's power against all of us
Even if you're right the plan was to find Elijah and you let us down
You always lack faith in me
He trusts me more for protecting Marcel enough to agree to give us Elijah back when the time is right
When he tells me everything about Davina
I'm gonna kiss and control her
I have no doubt that you can make your mind work
You have been so indifferent to the price we and the rest of us pay
You make me sick
Are you okay? I'm worried
Xie xie
I feel what you did
You helped me
It's the old boys, isn't it
Actually, Klaus is the one who saved me tonight
I'm going to right the wrongs and start with the return of his brother
Don't do
What's the matter
davina
- do not line
You said the old crew was in danger
I'm not returning him until I know how to kill them
I thought you might want to know
Elijah is coming back
Ready and happy
I guess there's an upside to being a badass
You can't solve him but you want to read him
Why does my brother always attract respect
He is very kind to me
Sometimes I wonder if my family will ever be redeemed
I know one thing today
I feel like a girl
But every time I want to let go I see a piece of goodness that I can save
You're following me
Maybe it was you who stood in my way
I told you bad Allies like you wouldn't bring a good place
At least I have done something
And you?
Sabine tell them what you saw
It's the werewolf aunt
I feel like a girl
Don't
Etc etc.
What etc.
Please tell me it's not a little Klaus