0 0 : 0 0 : 0 1 , 4 0 0 - -&gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 0 3 , 0 0 0 I know why she killed herself . . .
It 's so weird, we should call the police
(relationships get complicated)
Mama Solis, what are you doing here?
Do you think she is lying to you?
Yes
I 'll handle this
We got a call that someone broke in
I 've come across many like this but never
(and the mystery)
why are you doing this?
I have no idea
( there are more)
Z a c k ？
The story takes place in Superbia and is about various types of family struggles
Husbands and wives Cold War Parents and children are at odds and the fiercest battles always take place in
between daughter-in-law and mother-in-law
The war for control of Carlos began after he proposed to Gabrielle and since then Gabrielle
No longer the head of the family
From the first advance formal agreement she reluctantly signed to choosing that wedding music she hates to the wall color she doesn 't like
Gabrielle gets frustrated time and time again
Now one of the new owners begins to suspect her daughter-in-law is having an affair as the fight escalates
This is becoming more and more apparent
Mrs Solis, I 'm going to the market
No criminal is willing to throw himself into the net
thank you, Yaolin
Why are you hiring her?
It 's a big house and I need help

Need help only when you do something yourself
i want to supervise her
You 're paying her $300 a week?
uh-huh
$15000 a year
Carlos, you always say you don 't have enough money to retire?
Baby, you know it 's a really good idea to cut your expenses
You want me to take care of all this by myself?
All women have to do housework

very comfortable
Do you like it?
Yes
God, I miss being so affectionate, Carlos
What 's the meaning?
Since I 'm cooking, shopping, doing housework
Exhausted at night like other wives
Of course I 'll take the aphrodisiac
I haven 't eaten in years
Unfortunately, she ignores the first principle of the struggle
good morning carlos
you made a mistake
Never underestimate your opponent
6 7 0 0 : 0 3 : 3 0 , 0 0 0 - - &gt; 0 0 : 0 3 : 4 0 , 9 8 6 - = Eden Forum http://www.ydy.com=- honorary credits This subtitle is only for Learning Exchange, Strictly Not for Commercial Channels 6 7 0 0 : 0 3 : 4 1 , 5 2 9 - -&gt; 0 0 : 0 3 : 5 0 , 5 2 1 - = COSL - YTET Group Workshop = - Listening: Pumbaa Timeline: flylinhai
Of all the community events there is nothing more exciting than a flea market
People want to sell those nasty things because they don 't know and want to find something cheap
Actually no need
They often hope to pick up cheap
But ignore the unnoticed treasures
(Children 's Products)
hello paul
Hello Susan
I 'm curious you sold Mary Alice 's stuff too
She used to use this to make some charitable donations
we 're moving
It 's no use leaving these
sounds reasonable
I just wanted to come over and make sure you really don 't want to keep this for Zack? His mother bought it, keep it as a souvenir
Z ack doesn 't need a piece of glass to honor his mom
I don 't want this cloth

I 'll give you all 10 bucks
OK
Speaking of Zack, I don 't seem to have seen him lately
He 's been sluggish
I sent him to a relative 's house to change the environment
Oh, that relative?
you do not know
So how did you find it?
Usually, ask a lot of questions
Found Zack?
No, but I 'm sure he 's not with relatives
I 'm going crazy, mom
she might have an affair with one of these people
don 't worry
always leaking
Who on earth is it?
look at the way she met him
stop being so stupid
Don 't worry about the person she is intimate with in public
Is that among the people she ignores?
What should I do? Being a douchebag here?
Marriage needs to be managed
I 'm not surprised he explained that
Paul hid him
Zack says his mom committed suicide because he did something bad
Does anyone know what he meant by that?
I don 't know, that 's why I 'm trying to find him
Only then can the truth be discovered
I have a hard time believing a kid as cute as Zack
what terrible things will happen
But he did sneak up to your house
I mean he always gives a headache
The problem is serious in terms of his character
Zack is a seriously troubled teenager
i realized
What do you suggest?
We should calm him down
very good
I recommend psychotherapy to help him recover
I don 't think so
Mr Young, I can 't imprison him indefinitely like this
keep giving him medicine
No one is allowed in without my permission
I think this is one of the best versions of 'Little Red Riding Hood' and it 's your participation that makes this show so special, thank you

Now I 'm going to turn our conversation over to another wonderful buddy of mine, Maisy Givens
Thank you, Ms Tristan
We prepared a copy of this before you left
When Tristan and I went to the rehearsal yesterday we thought there was something wrong with the ending
Would killing the big bad wolf mislead the children? We think animals can only be protected
Do you find it interesting?
sorry i thought you were joking
no oh, it 's alright

So in our script the wolf is aggressive because he has claws and we 're going to cut his claws off
then let it go
Sorry, do we have to write it again?
Yes
Do you realize the wolf is a badass?
it ate little red riding hood 's grandma
If you let it go it will eat the next defenseless old lady
Excuse me, may I ask who you are?
I 'm Lynette Scavo
my twins just attended
they star in the big oak
Then you just signed
Want to apply for a ticket to the show?
Yes
You are indeed worthy of our respect
Let 's give some advice to the over-the-top mothers, shall we?
Well, whatever you say
I 'm so envious that you can spend a lot of time together
My mother-in-law never wanted to stay with me all day
I think she 's pretty good too
Hi
Oh, you two are back
hello john
Hello Mrs Solis
I didn 't know you two were friends
we are in the same school
Of course
Mom, if you don 't need anything, I 'll go in and do my homework
have a good time
Don 't you feel nervous? A boy alone upstairs with D anniel
oh, i 'm not worried about john at all
He is a good match for Danniel
coffee is too hot
Susan is very annoyed by Paul 's vague answer
Susan sure he hid Zack and the truth
Susan decides to follow the path
she 's not that easy
Susan long time no see
Mrs Greenberg
Do you remember the two eggs I lent you last Christmas?
i want you to give it back to me
Oh gosh, I forgot I 'd go to the supermarket right now if you wanted it
forget it
it 's nothing
But now that I 'm here is that old car still in your garage?
Can I borrow it for tomorrow?
Do you want to borrow my car?
just borrow a few hours
I 'm not sure if I can lend it to you
can you drive?
i think
I studied in college
Just like riding a bike right?
Darling, I dare not lend you
no big problem
I 'll borrow a few hours
I lent you eggs for a whole year
First of all I am very satisfied with our work
We have made great progress
Thank you, I am also very satisfied
But there are a few questions about your marriage that haven 't been discussed
really? what else?

I told Dr. Goldfine that I 'm not happy with our sex life
Re ex also thinks you could have worked better together when the two of you had sex
But you didn 't cooperate?
Yeah, it seems like you 're thinking about something
Will it mess up your hair? Did you forget to buy toothpaste?
you just lay there
This looks like a deeper and more important issue
So now we 're talking about finding a sex expert
This is a licensed professional and she can handle any sexual issues between couples
I highly recommend her

What is this expert going to do?
she will guide us
she?
she 's very clever
You can hardly feel her presence
oh when we make love
She 's going to be in the same room with us?
Yes, she 's taking our sexual potential to the limit

Do you have any question?
just one question
How long do you have to ask your sex questions?
I 'm really starting to feel sick
Are you ready?
We have less than half an hour
let 's hurry up
Deal quickly
Susan, how are you and Mike?
fine
next week we will have
The first official date might go to a show or something
I suggest you watch Little Red Riding Hood
Yeah, your twins show
Will the show be interesting?
Of course they 're going to play Big Oak
I want to participate in the writing of the script
I guess you 'll be working with Maisy
She is my nightmare
Because I shouldn 't have challenged her point of view

Now the whole show troupe doesn 't even want to talk to me
Maisy does like to rule her little kingdom
girls love this
They laugh at you when they smile at you
Because you 're the only one who disagrees
Boys don 't seem to be like that
I mostly work with male colleagues and I like the way they compete
They challenge each other face to face and are willing to admit defeat
It 's simple but fair
I think so too
Is it necessary to conclude this way?
It 's science, Gabrielle
Sociology is just that
let me tell you what sociology is
Something is wrong with my belly
I 'm going to the bathroom
you keep playing
I 'll be back in a while
i hate playing with three
let 's take a break
i come to play
do you play poker?
I used to play with my grandpa
for entertaining?
My grandpa always said
It would be more fun to play with money
Okay, 50 cents a round
let 's play bigger
Add up to 3 times and add a $20
Mrs Solis, what are you doing?
why don 't you answer my call?
i 've been busy
I see what are you busy
D a n n i e l ？
It 's nothing, she 's just a friend
before you get closer
I want to remind you that I can do a lot of things she can 't
Your mother-in-law keeps staring at you, I 'm afraid of being discovered
Maybe we can cool down for a while
no, john, please don 't say that
I tried my best to get her
help me turn over
Hey, am I missing something?
Not much, just played a few games with the girls
I 'm sure you 've all heard
C ily B on broke a bone playing tennis and we desperately need someone to replace her
God forbid, does anyone volunteer?
I come
Yeah? Do you know how to weave?
absolutely fine
very nice, thank you, Lynette
Now I want to do something self-defeating
Am I entitled to participate in the discussion of this script?

Ladies, we are watching
The story of Little Red Riding Hood grew up, we benefited a lot from it, don 't make nitpicky changes
Let our kids also experience this classic story they will love
Let 's kill the big bad wolf and make this script good
Thank you Lynette Thank you for your impassioned speech but I believe it 's too late
no, it 's not too late
We still have time to change the ending back
Maisy, you know it 's just a fairy tale
I don 't want to disappoint the kids
I think your idea is wrong
I feel like putting a hat on other people 's ideas
very undemocratic
Also, everyone has the right to vote and the person who agrees to kill the big bad wolf raises his hand


Doctor Goldfine
B r e e ！
Are you having dinner alone?
In fact it is
What a coincidence, I 'm alone
Can I bring a chair over here?
Bree, I 'm not targeting anyone but I 've never dealt with clients privately
oh i see, sorry
Of course that 's not good
I especially want to talk to you about what happened yesterday. . . . . .
I can wait
I 'm sorry, I want to take a shower
Did she win your money?
God, I guess she should count
okay, bye
What are you talking about?
Your mom is a real scumbag
Did you play cards?
How big are you playing?
not very big

Carlos, what 's the matter?
I never told you my mom had a serious gambling addiction
Is this before we got married?
Yes
she used up her savings
sold her jewelry
It 's just a random game between the neighbors
It 's easy to get a guy back into her bad habits
I know she looks like a very strong woman but she has a big weakness
oh dear it 's okay
you tell me this is very good
You know that counts as my work time
Of course, no problem
Do I need to account for meals?
No, the meal fee is AA

Let 's talk about yesterday
Do you think what R ex said is true?
no i don 't think so
Bree, I know it hurts about this
Do you see me that way? I 'm like a cold dead fish in bed?
i like to have sex
okay
I love the feel, the taste of everything in the process
I especially like the touch of a man when he slowly touches my body
When his tongue kissed every inch of my skin
And the sex itself, the union of the two bodies and the sudden onset of pleasure
Honestly, the only thing I don 't like about sex is
It 's an obligation everyone has to fulfill I 'm not very addicted
Do you need anything?
checkout
You haven 't ordered yet

let 's not go shopping
Let 's stop for lunch first
this is my favorite city
Oh no
What 's wrong? Let 's go

I really
They only sell until two o 'clock
we are running out of time
Can only have lunch in MALL
wait, i 'm really in the mood
Just leave me here and come back to pick me up
It may take more than an hour if there are many people in the mall
It 's okay, don 't worry

hi john
See you at the motel, I 'll be there in ten minutes
hi you can go thanks

How could this be?
I didn 't expect you to forget to sew a hat
Oh yes
It 's really creative
My family is in crisis and there are endless things to do
She always gets everything done
She opened a shop, helped us paint the walls, and still had time to take care of three kids and her husband
Now you 're making your kids suffer just because you don 't know time management skills
I don 't think not sewing hats for kids ahead of time is just making them suffer
Okay, let me get creative
Let 's cut down the oak tree plot, shall we?
There 's no need for this scene
my children are oak trees
Yeah?
don 't worry, we give them
Get some behind-the-scenes work
The real show is behind the scenes
I will finish the housework
This solves the problem
you are crazy
I checked out Silvercrest J uvenile this place
This is a problem juvenile treatment center
No one will notice this place
I 'm making a mess, you sneak in and look for Z ack
That place is full of mentally challenged teenagers how do I sneak in?
I don 't know, July
Are you pretending to be a little abnormal?
don 't do that, help me
Mom, we need to talk about parenting skills
Well, you don 't want to help me
I won 't force you
It 's not that I don 't want to help you just why is this so important to you?
Because Mary Alice was a very nice person and now everyone is thinking about the horrible, selfish fact that she 's dead
I don 't think it 's that simple
She 's my friend, July, and I have to help her find out the truth
What happened?

I didn 't go to B off
I went to gamble, and I lost
Yeah? Won 't lose too much money
I used Carlos ' credit card
How much did you pay?
I don 't know, it 's busted
blown up?
This card seems to be able to swipe up to $15,000
Oh!
There are no vacancies here
Can I squeeze with you?
Bree, what are you doing here?
It 's a little cold outside
Why don 't you let me in to discuss it?
come in
this place is really nice
you are amazing
thanks for noticing
I 've always been like this, you just don 't feel it
I do not know what to say
nothing to say

Reex, baby, stop
hold on

leave it alone, leave it alone

ok baby
where did we go
I let you leave it alone
Sorry, I just... . . . .

oh don 't do that
it 's no big deal
To be honest, I 'm not in the mood now
Apparently, you never seriously put the cheese rolls in place
This looks serious I 'm fine
oh, ah, ok
Anyway, thank you

I 'm just free
do you need my help?
You literally saved my life
Thank you
These fabrics need to be sewn together
I 'll do it for you as soon as possible, but tonight
I 'm going to make 2 5 cakes for my book club
you are a superman
Seriously, how did you do it
Can you keep it a secret?
OK
This is an ADD drug
when i want my kids to be quiet
feed them this often

Eating this will have the opposite effect if you 're not as hyperactive as they are
more effective than coffee
Seriously, do you take medicine for your kids?
Yes, do you want to come a little sometimes?

No thanks, I 'll just have a cigarette, I better not eat this
let 's do it
I 'm going to sell some old jewelry to make up the credit card money so Carlos never finds out
Would you like to help me with this?
Of course I would, why not?
I thought you hated me
You are exaggerating, one thing
The root of the problem is that no matter how much I don 't like you, I still love Carlos very much
If Carlos finds out about the credit card, he 'll be pissed
I don 't want him to get hurt
You don 't have to believe I 'm a good woman but you have to believe I care about my husband
Forget it, since you don 't believe
I 'm not going to sacrifice my necklace to help you
i call carlos
It 's a family gamble
ok i trust you
Gabrielle is the bluff winner at this gamble
Hello, my name is Susan Mayer
I have an appointment to see Dr. Seker
he is waiting for you
I 'll go tell him
Hello, I 'm Dr. Seker
I am Susan Mayer
Are you here to find some children 's books?
Yes
Z a c k ？
Hi July
What 's wrong with you?
they gave me medicine
i can 't sleep
What are you doing here?
I 'll see if you 're alright. I want to ask you something else.
listen, i can 't stay here too long
What 's wrong?
Last week you told Mrs V an D e K amp that your mother committed suicide because you did something bad
what do you mean by that?
After my mom died I remembered something that happened when I was a kid
what happened to dana
Who is Dana?
What are you doing here?
i just came to see my friends
This patient does not allow anyone to visit
i think i should go
I 'm so sad, Zack
Hi
I do not want to disturb you
I just leave you some
important documents
what are you doing?
i 'm fixing this cup
Why don 't you buy a new one?
Because I think it 's better to tinker with what you already have than to buy a new one
Listen to me about everything that happened today you humiliated me for no reason
I am sorry
I 'm lying there waiting for you
don 't say you didn 't notice
You make me very disappointed
I don 't think this is the real reason
I 've been thinking since I left the motel
The thing between us and the thing about our sex life, I think my husband didn 't cooperate well
is your reason
For years during sex you suddenly asked me questions and then suddenly stopped
I do not know what you 're talking about
We 've had unpleasant sex all these years because you don 't get anything from me but you 're too embarrassed to ask me directly
We have sex problems because you 're thinking about chores all the time
But these are the questions I have to think about all the time
There 's a mess all over the house
i 'm not in the mood
Why not?
We haven 't had sex in over a month
I 've already jumped the wall for another man.
please don 't say that
R ex, I 'll be there for you whenever you need me
You just need to say
tell me what do you want
What do you need?
I don 't want to continue the discussion
Why?
'Cause you 're a whore
No, I 'm like a poor woman
Her husband doesn 't even want to touch her
Reex, you haven 't even touched me since Mary Alice died
We all have our own secrets it 's time for you to tell me your secrets
I 'm leaving
night falls
Lynette is alone in endless nightmares
Don 't miss the fairy tale show for her kids
She 's been sewing for 16 hours straight
She already felt that her fairy tale would not have a happy ending
Luckily Lynette found a magic recipe
after she took the medicine
The magic goes on, goes on, goes on
Lynette can finally take a break and the negative effects of what she 's doing are showing
Omg, my big bags under the eyes
Mother Solis, I 'm going to the store. Do you need anything?

no thanks
what happened to you and her?
It seems a little different
The more I watch her, the more I think it 's impossible for her to be unfaithful to you
really?
Yes
We both know she 's not perfect but she loves you, I can tell

Mom, you don 't know
I suddenly feel relieved
this sounds ridiculous
I think she loves you too

I know I 'm worried when you play poker with her friends about this little bug I told her about you
You tell her I love gambling?
don 't be angry, mom
I just want you to get rid of this bad habit
Gabrielle cares about you so much
she knows?
i didn 't find it
I 've been looking through a lot of information for the past few years, but I can 't find one of you and Zack 's classmates named Dana.
He didn 't say that this is our classmate.
Is that a relative?
He said Dana, which sounds like Dana
That 's all I know
ok let me rest for a while
I don 't have any good ideas now
I 'm sorry, I 'm just worried about Z ack
It 's really scary there
Can we get him out?
It depends on his father
then i need to go again
I don 't think it 's a good idea either baby
Why?
it 's just a feeling
Now, mom Solis is sure her daughter-in-law has a lover like never before. The question is, with whom?
Suddenly, she remembered
Gabrielle is the most suspicious of people who never listen to
Hi Dana , Maisy
This is your costume, ready on time
Thank you, Lynette
I 'm sorry, some small oversight
I need a costume
they forgot to tell you

who are they? Why forgot to tell me?
it 's me
I 'm so sorry, but I 've been so busy at work this week I 've been thinking about what you 're asking
things that change the script
This kind of thing happens often
oh i 'll be right back
you handle this
it 's so ugly
Okay ma 'am, I 've had enough
What did you say?
Our kids are all about the same age so we 're going to spend years together why we don 't make it clear face to face
What 's the point of playing these little tricks?
what are you saying?
Let 's put it on the table and say
What 's on the table?
You deliberately made things difficult for me
you are crazy
I 'm being realistic
Let 's make it clear now that we won 't be fighting back when our kids graduate.
Come on, let 's see who 's coming first?
I do not have time
I do not think so
Next time our kids come here their mom will do a boxing you 'll love it
But the power to get to the bottom of things starts to show when we 're very young
Children are told that the power of good can overcome evil
When we grow up we realize that nothing is so simple
The fight against evil never stops
7 7 1 0 0 : 4 2 : 3 0 , 2 0 0 - - &gt; 0 0 : 4 2 : 3 5 , 5 0 0 Desperate Housewives Season 1 Episode 6 - = End = - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Subtitles in this forum are only for translation, communication and learning purposes. Any commercial use is prohibited. Otherwise, the consequences will be at your own risk- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - = COSL - YTET Group Studio = - Transliteration: Pumbaa Timeline: flylinhai
