

 00 : 00 : 45, 355 -- > 00 : 00 : 48, 507 " Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection 3 , section A , clause 214 of the Administrative Procedures Scotland Act 1978 , insofaras the implementation of the statutory provisions is concerned , the resolution of anomalies as between departments shall fall within the purview of the MinisterforAdministrative Affairs " .






 What does it mean ?
 - I 'm sorry ?
 - What does it mean ?
 Oh , er , well , Minister , it means " notwithstanding the provisions of ... "
 I 've just read it to you .
 What does it mean ?
 What it says , Minister .
 May I remind you , you are seeing a deputation from the TUC in 15 minutes , from the CBI afterthat , and from the NEB at 12 noon .

 - What do they all want ?
 - They 're all worried about machinery .
 Yes , for inflation , deflation and reflation .
 What do they think I am , a Ministerof the Crown ora bicycle pump ?
 When am I going to do all this correspondence ?
 You do realise you don 't actually have to .
 - Don 't I ?
 - We can draft an official reply .
 What 's that ?
 " The Ministerthanks you forthe letter " .
 Then we say : " The matter is underconsideration " .
 Oreven , " underactive consideration " .

 What 's the difference ?
 " Underconsideration " means we 've lost the file ,
 " Underactive consideration " means we 're trying to find it .
 You just transferall the letters to yourOut Tray , put a note if you wish to see the reply and if you don 't , you neversee it again .
 If I transfereverything from here to here , without even reading it ,
 - that 's all I have to do ?
 - Yes . - Itwill be dealtwith ?
 - Precisely .
 - Properly ?
 - Immaculately .
 What 's the Minister here forthen ?
 Er ... to make policy decisions , Minister .
 When you 've decided the policy , we can carry it out .
 How often are policy decisions needed ?
 From time to time .
 Bernard , this government is here to govern .
 Not merely preside like ourpredecessors did .
 When a country is going downhill , it 's time forsomeone to get into the driving seat , put his foot on the accelerator .
 I think you mean the brake .
 - Ah , Humphrey .
 - A moment of yourtime , Minister .
 " The official visit to the UK of the President of Buranda " .
 Where 's Buranda ?
 - Africa . - I 've neverheard of it .
 Yes , it 's fairly new , Minister .
 It used to be called British Equatorial Africa .
 It 's the red bit on the left hand side , below the Mediterranean .
 Oh , there ! But why 's this come to us ?
 - This is forthe Foreign Office .
 - There are administrative problems .
 Her Majesty 's due to be up at Balmoral , so she 'll have to come to London .
 State visits are arranged years in advance .
 This isn 't a state visit , it 's a Head of Government visit .
 The President of Buranda is Head of State .
 But he 's also Head of Government .
 But ifhe 's coming as Head of Government , why does the Queen have to see him ?
 Because she 's the Head of State , Minister .
 The Head of State must greet a Head of State , even ifhe 's not here as Head of State .
 It 's all a matterofhats .
 - Hats ?
 - Yes .
 He 's coming wearing his Head of Government hat .
 He is the Head of State , but he 's notwearing his Head of State hat , but even though he 's wearing his Head of Government hat , he must still be met by the Crown .


 Why are we having an official visit from this tin pot little African country ?
 I beg of you not to referto it as a tin pot little African country .
 - It 's an L. D. C. - What ?
 Buranda is an Under - developed Country .
 However , this term was regarded as offensive ... so they became known as Developing Countries and then as Less Developed Countries or L. D. C. ' s .
 We are nowready to replace the term L. D. C. With H. R. R. C.
 What 's that ?
 - Human Resource Rich Countries .
 - Which means ?
 They 're grossly overpopulated and begging formoney .
 And Buranda is an H. R. R. C ?
 No , Minister .
 Is it one of the " have not " nations ?
 We don 't use that term any longer .
 But if we did , Buranda would be a " will have " nation .
 Will have a huge amount of oil in a couple of years from now .
 Oh , I see .
 Why didn 't you say so at first ?
 - It 's not a T. P. L. A. C. At all .
 - T. P. L. A. C ?
 Tin Pot Little African Country .
 No , Minister .
 Oil .
 I 've got a marvellous idea .
 The Queen doesn 't have to come down from Balmoral .
 Are you proposing that they should exchange official greetings overthe telephone ?

 No .
 No . No . No .
 You 'd like them to shout rather loudly ? No .
 The visit shall take place in Scotland .
 - At Holyrood Palace .
 - Out of the question .
 - Why ? - It 's not ourdecision .
 - It 's a Foreign Office matter .
 - I don 't think so .
 " Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection 3 blah blah ... it is proposed blah ... the resolution of anomalies shall fall within the purview of the Minister forAdministrative Affairs .



 It 's brilliant .
 We save the Queen a pointless journey , and there are three Scottish by- elecctions coming up soon .
 We 'll hold them afterthe visit .
 We do not hold Head of Government visits forparty political reasons , but forreasons of State .
 My plan shows that Scotland is an equal partner in the UK .
 She is Queen of Scotland too .
 And it is full of marginal constit ... depressed areas .
 I hardly think thatwe can exploit ourSovereign by involving her in what some might call a squalid vote grubbing exercise .
 - You want a betterreason , right ?
 - Indeed we do . Then tell me why he 's coming .
 Forexchange of views on matters of mutual interest .
 - Now tell me why he 's coming .
 - Off shore drilling equipment .
 We 're hoping he 's going to place a huge orderwith us .
 And where is he going to see all this offshore equipment ?
 Aberdeen .
 Clydeside .
 Howmany oil rigs have you got in Haslemere ?
 - But the administrative problems - That 's why we are here .
 - But Scotland 's so remote ...
 - Not all that remote .
 It 's that pink bit about two feet above Potter 's Bar .
 Very droll , Minister .
 So , it 's going to be Scotland .
 That is my policy decision .
 That 's what I 'm here for , right Bernard ?
 Right Humphrey ?
 Good , thank you .
 What 's he got against the idea ?
 Sir Humphrey likes going to Foreign Embassies , with his white tie , tails , medals .
 Itwill all be on a much smaller scale in Scotland .
 No room for Humphrey ?
 Onlyforthe Permanent Secretary there .
 Has Sir Humphrey got lots of um ... ?
 Yes one ortwo , Minister .
 And he 's been recommended forthe K. B. E.
 How do you know ?
 I thought honours were a closely guarded secret .
 - More coffee , Jumbo ?
 - Thank you , Humpy .
 Any luck with the Foreign Secretary about this Scottish nonsense ?
 " Fraid not .
 Can 't budge him .
 Your Ministernobbled him first .
 No chance of getting it back to London ?
 No , I 'm afraid the Cabinet are utterly united .
 All these marginal seats , d 'you see ?
 Shameful .
 - Political .
 - Typical . Inevitable .
 And so blatant .
 Issuing writs forthree Scottish by- elections to poll on the day afterthe visit .
 Can you imagine Harold MacMillan doing a thing like that ?
 Yes .
 Yes , so can I , actually .
 Now , about the arrangements forScotland .
 The reception I mean .
 Do we knowwho 's going ?
 I 'm afraid the Burandan Consulate in Edinburgh is rathera hutch . Yes .


 I shall have to carry the flag forthe Civil Service all by myself .
 Oh really ?
 Well , you have my sympathy .
 God knows what they 'll be serving up forthe Scots and Burandans .
 Haggis in missionary sauce , I shouldn 'twonder .
 Actually , between ourselves , the visitwill probably neverhappen .
 - Neverhappen ?
 Why ?
 - Rumblings in the interior .
 Oh dear ...
 Oh , I see what you mean .
 - From ourman in Mungoville .
 - Isn 't that ratherserious ?
 Buranda 's a friendly country with a Commonwealth connection .
 Our information is it 's likely to turn into a hostile L. D. C.
 With a Cuban connection .
 - Whatwill the Government do ?
 - The same as always ...
 Damn all !

 We are just getting reports of a coup d 'etat in Buranda , the West African State , formerly British Equatorial Africa .
 It is reported that the Commander in Chief
 Colonel Selim Mohammed has been declared President .
 It is not known what 's happened to President Alam , who was due to pay an official visit to Britain next week .
 There is still no sign of agreement ...
 Did you see that ?
 Get me the Foreign Secretary .
 Shall we scramble ?
 No , it 's not secret , it 's on the news .
 Martin .
 - What 's all this about Buranda ?
 - What 's all what ?
 There 's been a coup d 'etat .
 How do you know ?
 Itwas on the news .
 Didn 't you see ?
 You 're Foreign Secretary !
 My TV set 's on the blink .
 YourTV set ?
 Don 't you get telegrams ?
 No , they come in later .
 I get all the foreign news from TV .
 You 're joking ... aren 't you ?
 No .
 We 've got to make sure this official visit still happens .
 How can we ? Who 's the new President ?
 We must find out .
 And make sure he comes .
 - There are three by- elections .
 - I know that . Let me know if you hear ...
 No , you let me know .
 You 're the one with the telly .
 - You 've heard the sad news ?
 - Yes , disaster .
 No . No .
 No .
 No , just a slight inconvenience .
 The wheels are in motion , it 's really simple to cancel the arrangements forthe visit .
 - You 'll do no such thing .
 - We have no choice .
 We are reissuing the invitation forthe new President .
 But , we haven 't recognised his government .
 The wheels are in motion .
 - But who is he ?
 - Mohammed something .
 We knownothing about him .
 What 's he like ?
 We 're not putting him up forthe Athenaeum .
 Minister .
 Buranda is in total confusion .
 We don 't know who is behind him .
 Whetherhe 's Soviet backed , orjust a Burandan with an eye forthe main chance .
 We cannot take diplomatic risks .
 - The Government has no choice .
 - But Her Majesty ... Her Majesty will cope .
 She always does .

 But who is he ?
 He might not be properly brought up .
 He might be rude to her .
 He might take liberties .
 He will be photographed with Her Majesty and what ifhe turns out to be anotherldi Amin .
 The repercussions are too hideous to contemplate .
 - We 'll find out about him .
 - We can 't . All thatwe know is that he 's an enigma .
 Humphrey , I don 't care forthatword .

 Enigma ?
 And there are reasons of State which make this visit essential .
 Buranda is enormously rich .
 It needs oil rigs and we have idle shipyards on the Clyde .
 Buranda is essential to ourAfrican policy .
 The Government doesn 't have African policy .
 Well , it has now .
 And ifhe is Marxist backed , who betterto win him over to ourside than her Majesty ?
 Moreover , it is an important state occasion forScotland .
 Not to mention three marginal by- elections .
 Not to mention ...
 It has nothing to do with it !
 Of course not .
 Yes ?
 It 's the Foreign Secretary .
 Martin ?
 Yes ? Yes ?
 The visit 's on .
 Oh , splendid .
 The new President of Buranda intends to visit this country , as previously agreed .
 So , the Foreign Office is getting the facts at last ?
 Well , not exactly .
 Martin 's driverheard a newsflash on his carradio .
 So , the visit 's on .
 That is my recommendation to the PM .
 Anotherpolicy decision , Bernard .
 Quite a lot of them afterall , aren 't they ?
 Burandan Airways !
 They are doing well .
 - Howmany planes do they have ?
 - None .

 What about that one ?
 That one was chartered lastweek and repainted specially .
 Actually , there 's one 747 that belonged to 9 different African airlines in one month .
 They called it the Mumbo Jumbo .
 - When does my plane leave ?
 - I 've booked you on the sleeper .
 - You 'll be at the House tonight .
 - Oh , lord .
 And nowwe are about to catch ourfirst glimpse of President Selim Mohammed of Buranda .
 I knowhim ! That 's Charlie .
 - Charlie ?
 - We were at L. S. E. Together .
 He 's not Selim Mohammed , he 's Charles Umtali .
 Are you sure ?
 You don 't forget a name like Charlie Umtali .
 - Have we anything on this ?
 - In the brief it stated that Colonel Selim Mohammed was converted to Islam .
 We didn 't knowhis previous name norhis background .
 He 's a red hot political economist .
 Wiped the floorwith everyone .
 - That 's all right then .
 - Why ?
 He 'll knowhow to behave ifhe went to an English University .
 Even if itwas the L. S. E.
 You said red hot , were you speaking politically ?
 Partly .
 You neverknowwith Charlie .
 He follows you into a revolving doorand comes out first .
 No deep commitment ?
 - Only to Charlie .
 - I see .
 A politician , Minister .
 Very droll , Humphrey .
 It 'll be a couple of days .
 Can 't do much harm . Always remember , Minister , you wanted him here , not me .
 It is afterhalf past , Minister .
 When am I going to do all this correspondence ?
 Well , Minister ...
 Well done , Minister .
 Betterout than in .
 22 : 30 Edinburgh train will leave from Platform 7 ...
 - Who is it ?
 - Bernard .
 Come in .
 Bernard , what 's the matter ?
 - Will you read this , please ?
 - No , I will not .
 - It 's top priority ...
 - You always say that . It is a copy of President Selim 's speech tomorrow .

 I know these speeches :
 Happy to be here , bonds of shared experience ,
 - Ties between ourtwo countries .
 - That is all in it , but ...
 - I 'm not going to read it tonight .
 - I think you should .
 I 've underlined the important bits in red ink .
 I 'll just distribute some copies around the train .
 Around the train ?
 To Sir Humphrey , the Foreign Secretary , the Press Officer ...
 " Burandans feel a special affinity with the
 Celtic peoples in theirstruggle forfreedom .
 We too had to fight to break free from the chains of British colonialism " .

 Bristish colonialism ?
 " The people of Buranda urge the Scots and the Irish to end the English oppression , cast off the imperialist yoke and join the fellowship of free nations " .
 Good God !
 Yes .
 We would appearto have been caughtwith ourtrousers down .
 He can 't say this in front ofher .
 I don 't like to say I told you so .
 - Egg all overourfaces .
 - Not egg , just imperialist " yoke " .
 Three Scottish by- elections .
 It is indeed a catastrophe .
 A tragedy . A cataclysmic , apocolyptic , monumental calamity .
 - And you did it .
 - You 're paid to advise me , advise me !
 This is like trying to advise the Captain of the Titanic afterhe 's struck the iceberg .
 There must be something we can do .
 We could sing Abide with Me ?
 - Yes ? - Minister .
 The Foreign Secretary would like a word .
 - Ah , Foreign Secretary .
 - Have you read this ... ?
 My Minister is concerned thatwe will have egg all overourface .
 Scotch egg , presumably .
 - Why is he doing it ?
 - Maybe it 's forhome consumption .
 Perhaps he 's trying to persuade the otherAfrican Leaders that he 's a pukka anticolonialist .
 Yes ?
 Yes , Bernard ?
 The Press Officer would like a word .
 Oh dear !
 Room fora little 'un ?
 Do you think it 's good idea to issue a statement ?
 Well , Minister , in practical terms we have the usual six options .
 One , do nothing .
 Two , issue a statement deploring the speech .
 Three , lodge an official protest .
 Four , cut off aid .
 Five , break off diplomatic relations .
 - And six , declare war .
 - Which should we do ? If we do nothing , we implicity agree with the speech .
 Two , if we issue a statement , we just look foolish .
 Three , if we lodge a protest , itwill be ignored .
 Four , we can 't cut off aid because we don 't give them any .
 Five , if we break off diplomatic relations we can 't negotiate the oil rig contracts .
 And six , if we declare war it might just look as if we were overreacting .
 In the old days we 'd just send in a gun boat .

 I suppose that is absolutely out of the question ?

 - Yes ?
 - Minister ...
 The Permanent UnderSecretary of the Foreign Office .
 It 'll be like the Black Hole of Calcutta .
 - May I come in , Minister .
 - You can try . This is all we needed .
 Welcome to the Standing Committee .
 Sir Frederick , what are we going to do about this ?

 Well , Minister , Foreign Secretary ...
 I think ...
 I think we knowwhat 's behind it , don 'twe , Humpy ?
 Humpy ?
 Sir Frederick is suggesting that the offending paragraph may be a bargaining counter .

 - He wants something ?
 - Why send us an advance copy ?

 Why don 't you find out what it is he wants ?
 The Embassy staff are all new , we 've just seen the speech .
 And no one knows anything about this President .
 Except me . - Except you ?
 - They were at University together .
 - The old boy network .
 - Thatwas 25 years ago .
 He may not even rememberme ...
 I don 't really think I could ...
 You ought to see him .
 I think you carry more weight .
 Then the mountain shall go to Mohammed ?
 No .
 No .
 No .
 Jim 's going . That 's what I meant .
 All right .
 But you 'll have to come with me .
 Of course , Minister .
 I 'd hardly let you do it on yourown .
 Jim , come in .
 - Hownice to see you again .
 - Charlie ...
 Long time no see .
 You don 't have to speak pidgin English to me .
 Sir Humphrey Appleby , my Permanent UnderSecretary .
 - Your Excellency .
 - How do you do .
 Do sit down .
 Permanent UnderSecretary is such a demeaning title .

 I beg yourpardon ?
 Sounds like an Assistant Typist orsomething , whereas you 're really in charge of everything .
 Well , not quite everything .
 I should congratulate you on becoming Head of State .
 Oh , thanks .
 Itwasn 't difficult .
 I didn 't do boring things , like fighting elections orby- elections .
 Jim , of course I 'm delighted to see you , but is this purely a social visit , or is there anything you wanted to talk about ?
 I do have to finish my speech .
 Ah ...
 Well , yes ...
 Actually , we have seen an advanced copy ...
 You liked it ?

 Charlie , may I speak frankly ?
 - We 're old friends .
 - Of course .
 You must realise that that bit about colonialist oppression was a bit ... well ... um , very ...
 Well , actually profoundly embarrassing .
 That passage where you urged the Scots and the Irish to er ...
 I wonder if you could um , give it a miss ?
 - Give it a miss ?
 - Yes . But , this is something I feel very , very deeply to be true .

 Surely the British don 't believe in suppressing the truth ?
 Good heavens no .
 I wonder if there 's anything that might persuade you to considerrecasting that sentence and transfering the emphasis from the specific instance to the abstract concept without in any way , impairing the conceptual integrity of the theme .



 Yes ...
 May I change the subject ?
 Jim , while you 're here may I sound you out on a proposal
 I was going to make to the Prime Minister ?
 What proposal ?
 Our little change of Government has quite unnecessarily alarmed some of the investors in ouroil industry .
 Only temporarily , but it does mean thatwe need a little British investment to tide us over .
 To restore confidence , you know .
 Howmuch ? Fifty million pounds .
 Ask him on what terms .
 On what terms ?
 Repayment of the capital not to start before ten years .
 And interest free .
 Fifty million pounds ... it 's a lot ot money .
 I see , well in that case ...
 But that doesn 't mean we can 't talk about it ?

 Interest free ?
 Ten years ?
 Assuming a 10 % interest , he 's asking fora free gift of fifty million pounds .
 Itwould appear that you 're asking for a free gift of about fifty million pounds .
 But it 's to youradvantage .
 We would use the loan to buy oil rigs built on the Clyde .
 Ah , well .
 He 's asking us to give him 50 million pounds so that he can buy ouroil rigs with ourmoney .
 Reasonable to me .
 - Reasonable , Minister ?
 - Lots of jobs , Humphrey .
 Supposing itwere possible to do this deal , would you find it possible to make cuts in yourspeech ?
 Yes , but I 'd have to knownow .
 Blackmail !
 Are you describing me , ormy proposal ?
 Yourproposal , naturally .
 No , no , not even yourproposal .
 I think we can come to agreement , don 't you Humphrey ?
 Minister ...

 Could I have a word with you ?
 Yes ?
 Will you excuse us , Your Excellency ?

 - Is anything wrong ?
 - Is anything right ?
 He 's offering us a way out .
 A gift of 50 million pounds is a way out ?
 - It 's a loan .
 - We 'll neverget it back .
 You buy yourway out of political involvement with fifty million pounds of public money ?
 - It 's diplomacy .
 - It 's corruption , Minister .
 K. B. E.
 Humpy .

 You mean ...
 Yes , I see .
 I suppose we don 'twant the Soviets to invest in Buranda , do we ?
 And I suppose it could be argued thatwe have a responsibility to the ...
 T. P. L. A. C. ' s .
 Yes , quite .
 Oh , good .
 Mr. President , I think we can come to terms afterall .
 - Well , you knowmy price .
 - And you knowmine .
 Everyone has his price .
 Yes , Minister .
