 the early bloom of romantics is a wonderful thing . you meet someone , you have a connection , and that person becomes sheer perfection in your eyes . you just can 't find anything wrong with them . you can 't wait to tell the world about it . she convinced you to go jogging ? wow , you really want to get in this girl 's pants . i 'm telling you , you guys are gonna love her .





 lily , she knows all about art . marshall , she 's open to the existence of ufos . barney , she 's hot . robin , she 's not hotter than you .
 - like her already . - how not hotter ? so we all went out to dinner , and i couldn 't wait to see if my friends were as crazy about cathy as i was . so , what 's everyone getting ? well , i can 't decide . which sounds better , chicken or lasagna ?




 lasagna . just get the lasagna ! oh . you guys just got a new place . how many bedrooms is it ? two . it 's two bedrooms !



 okay ! let 's hear it . what 's wrong with cathy ? are you kidding me , ted ? she 's got a ... you n 't notice it ? notice what ? oh , he doesn 't see it . if we point it out , we 're gonna ruin her for him . as his friends , we 'll just keep him in the dark . you 're right . she 's great , man . she 's a keeper . just ... keep her somewhere else .











 marshall , what is everyone 's problem with cathy ? oh , she 's a total nightmare , ted , but can we talk about this later ? i 'm a minute away from finding out if i 'm gonna be a lawyer or not . you see , kids , during the summer , marshall had taken the new york bar exam . his years of school , his countless hours of study , had finally culminated in this grueling , two- day ordeal . and ... begin .





 the pressure of it was enormous . every year , people taking the bar simply cracked . no ! no ! no ! no !



 but marshall had made it through . and ... time .
 time 's up . right . time .
 - sir . - i know . - your time is ... - i know it is . give me ... !

 now , months later , the results of that exam were scheduled the post online at 10 o 'clock and this is 9 : 59 . damn , they 're not up yet . oh , don 't worry , baby . i 'm sure you rocked it . i mean , how many people fail the bar ? half . oh , my god , half ? only half the people pass ? i mean , half the people pass . that 's fantastic . go , marshall . oh , hey , can i jump on there ? i want to show you something awesome . what ? no . bar results . my future . trust me . you need to see this . what is so important that i need to see it right now ? it 's a video of a dog pooping on a baby .















 how do i need to see that ? why would i want to see that ? in what possible way could subjecting my eyes and my brain to something that disgusting enrich my life ? it 's a dog pooping on a baby . get away from my computer . okay , just do a quick google search for " caca spaniel . " the results are in . whoo . what 's it say ? " input password . " input the password . it 's okay . they assigned it to me when i took the test . it 's gotta be around here somewhere . here . here- here- here . jelly beans , fluffernutter , gummi bears , ginger snaps ... this is a grocery list . for who ? a witch building a house in the forest ?













 sugar helps me study . this is like the shopping a ten- year- old does when his parents leave him alone for the weekend . what parent leaves a ten - year- old alone for the weekend ? and your mom was perfect . i can 't find my password ! okay , just ... can 't you let 'em know that you lost it and they 'll e- mail it to you or something ? no ! they won 't let me do that . i 'm gonna have to wait till the results come in the regular mail . that could be weeks from now , if ever ! our mail carrier hates me ever since i asked her when the baby was due . she wasn 't pregnant ? no , he was not . ooh . okey , well , that 's a drag , but the results will come eventually . just try to keep it off your mind until then .














 hey , brad . oh , congratulations , man . i 'm , uh ... i 'm not sure yet . i lost my password . that 's great , cara . i don 't know yet . i lost my password . i don 't know how i lost it ! this staff happens ! oh . ohh ! you 're one to talk . you misplace stuff all the time . i 'm sorry . i 'm sure the nurses are stealing your medicine , grandma .








 love you too . if i have to wait six weeks to find out if i passed , i - ' m gonna have a heart attack . based on that grocery list , i 'd say diabetes is a bigger worry . you know what ? laugh all you want . this affects my whole future , all right ?



 okay . i probably shouldn 't be telling you this . i definitely shouldn 't be telling you this , but there is a way i can help you with your problem . how ?


 i know a guy at work he can get access to software designed to penetrate firewalls and retrieve passwords through secure servers . i can get into any computer . so what do we do ? like , arrange a secret meeting in a darkened parking structure ? no . can we ? no i have a trench coat . dude , be cool .






 so , i just got off the phone with cathy . god , you guys are so right . i totally hear it now . see it now ?

 smell it ?
 what is it ? ! i left the table for two minutes . what could she have possibly done in that time that was so horrible ? was it ... i 'll be back in one second .


 one time , in the tenth grade , as a joke , i told everyone that my english teacher had sex with me .
 he 's still in jail . or maybe ... i 'll be back in a second .
 so i volunte at the pound . oh , isn 't that nice ? yeah . you can 't imagine the rush you getrush you get from killing a unwanted dog i make bracelets from out of the collars . puppy or ... ||i 'll be back in one second .




 i bet he 's going to the urinal . yeah . i remember when i had a penis .
 it wasn 't anything she did while you were in the bathroom . it 's just the way she is . i don 't get it . if it 's so obvious and you guys all see it , how come i don 't ? cause we 're not trying to have sex with her . mmm . brother , you 're driving the " i want to have sex with her " truck , and it 's got a huge blind spot . that 's ridiculous . is it really ? ted , let me tell you a little story about a young lady i wanted to have sex with -- lucilia .







 on a white sand beach in Rio de Janeiro , we made love for ten straight hours . when we were done , she applauded and told me i was far , far better than the best lover she could possibly imagine , and that i had restored her faith in god .


 what does this have to do with cathy ? who 's cathy ?

 just tell me what the hell is wrong with her already . okay . you want to know ? yes . you want to shatter this beautiful illusion you 've created for yourself ? fine . here it is . cathy talks ... a lot .





 oh , come on . that 's not true . ted . really , really think about that dinner we all just had together . and i did . so , what 's everyone getting ? well , i can 't decide . which sounds better , chicken or lasagna ? i like chicken . i like lasagna . i like them both , but i really like pork a lot of people don 't eat pork , and maybe it 's because of that movie babe or something . but that was funny . he was a talking pig and he was like " bah , ram , ewe ! " what- what if there was a sorority , " bah , ram , ewe ? " i 'd totally rush it . ... and so i named him dr . seuss !













 lorax is a funny word .
 lasagna ! just get the lasagna ! oh , you guys just got a new place . how many bedrooms is it ? i would love to have an extra bedroom , because i would put a stairmaster in there . i 'll be back in one second . or a futon . futons are great . or what about one of those murphy beds ? who invented the murphy bed ? was it a guy named murphy ? oh , my god . do you guys remember thatshow murphy brown ? that was a funny show . she had a new assistant every episode . ... and it was like half an hour before i realized he wasn 't even on the phone anymore ! isn 't that hysterical ? two ! it 's two bedrooms ! hey , do you guys like cannolis ? because i know this place and it 's in the south bronx and you wouldn 't expect it , but they have the best cannolis in town .



















 and just like that , the illusion was shattered .
 she just never shuts up , does she ? she didn 't stop to swallow her food . i was scared for her . i didn 't want her to choke . at first


 so kids, the girl i was dating would not stop talking . can you imagine how awful that is ?
 somebody got stay me here because the thing i am going out has so much . do you own a work ? cause that 's really how ... don 't you just love autumn ? today i 'm dressed for . oh , my god . the sweetest thing . and i know this great place where we can go . they have guys and girls clothes . we could both shop at the same time . and a lot of times boyfriends and girlfriends ... why are you running so fast ? well , thank you , pal . you and your little friends , you just had to tell me . you just to give in to my incessant begging . you said that you wanted to know . i didn 't want to know ! you said you wanted to know ! well , i didn 't know i didn 't want to know ! you knew . and you know me . and you should have known i didn 't want to know ! you know ? i 'm sorry we told you . i 'm surprised she didn 't tell you herself at some point . there 's only a finite combination of words in the english language . well , you could have let me enjoy it a little longer . she 's got all these other great qualities . she 's smart . she 's caring . she loves animals ... you know how to teach her a lesson ? buy her a parrot .

























 oh , come on . i 'm sorry that we told you , okay ? it 's part of being in a relationship . eventually , you get used to these annoying little things that bug you at first . yeah , i guess . i mean , you got used to lily 's loud chewing , right ?



 lily doesn 't chew loudly . dude ... come on . this isn 't news .
 Why do you think I call her " Chewbacca " ? i assumed because she 's loyal , wears shiny belts and i resemble a young harrison ford . think about it .

 oh , man , honestly , dude , that 's the meanest thing you 've ever done to me . i really thought you knew . we had ribs the other night . it sounded like jurassic park . ha- ha- ha . you know what ? it doesn 't matter . but it did .



 say , what 's in that cereal besides dry twigs and small animal bones ? what 's that supposed to mean ?
 lily , i love you , but honest to god , when you eat , it sounds like a garbage disposal full of drywall screws . what 's the matter with you ? we 've been together ten years , and you 're saying this now ? well , i never noticed it before until ... until what ? can you believe ted ? what a lame thing to say , that i 'm a loud chewer .





 yeah , that 's crazy .
 maybe enough with the pretzels . oh , my god , do i really chew that loudly ? no , no , no .
 okay , now that you pointed it out , maybe it does sound slightly like someone put a screwdriver in a pencil sharpener , but in a cute way . this is all ted 's fault . oh , like he 's so perfect , mr . corrector . what do you mean ? oh , come on . you dated the guy for a year and you never noticed that most of what ted says is correcting you .






 hey , can you hand me a kleenex ? actually , kleenex is a brand . this is a facial tissue .

 oh , my god , is frankenstein gonna kill that little girl ? uh , dr . frankenstein isn 't in this scene . that 's frankenstein 's monster .
 that literally blew my mind . figuratively .
 oh , my god , you 're right . that is so annoying . isn 't it ? where are those pretzels from , ace hardware ?
 hey , man , you like kettle corn ? i 'm trying to get rid of anything crunchy . are the blinds closed ? i don 't know . are the blinds closed ? !

 good , i didn 't think yes , the blindsi was followed, | but you can never be too sure . now double- lock the door and stay away from the windows . is there a reason that you 're acting like this ? we 're about to find out if you 're a lawyer . now , in good conscience , i have to inform you that using his software is in violation of the patriot act , the strategic defense initiative , and the national security act of 1948 , which created to cia . so i hope you passed the bar because if we use this software , the night janitor gligor who i fooled into putting fingerprints on my computer , is going to need a good lawyer . are you certain you want to go through with this ? i have to know , yes , yes . very good . first , we go to the new york state bar web site . we disable the firewall , then the recursive algorithm grabs your pasord , and as the application erases itself















 leaving no trace we we here ever ... you ready to see your future , bro ? yes .
 it 's a dog pooping on a baby . right ! isn 't that awesome ? so you went through all this just to get me to look at your stupid video ? yeah , it was worth it . barney , barney , that was the biggest test of my life . i 'm incredibly stressed out right now , and i ... okay , that 's pretty funny . you got to see this . uh- huh , yeah , i have to ... she 'll call back when she realizes i 'm gone . probably in about 45 minutes .








 you guys want a drink ? i 'll just have a water . mm , technically , water is a drink .

 really , professor ? you drink it ? is that how water works ? because i was just gonna smear it on my skin and hope that i absorbed it .

 or you could , you know , pour it over your shirt . what 's with you ? you 're always correcting people . - you totally do that ! - that 's absolutely right . right ? i never noticed it before , and now it 's literally driving me crazy . figuratively . okay , maybe so , but it 's no worse than you using the word " literally " in every other sentence . don 't they teach vocabulary in canada ? they literally don 't . they literally don 't . shut up , marshall . that 's nothing compared to your thing of singing what you do all the time . what ?












 Paying my bills using return address labels
 From a charity that I haven 't given money to
 Writing a check cause now I feel guilty
 The Salivation Army does not fight fair .
 Heading down to the basement today
 With my laundry and a roll of quarters
 But I 'm back too soon Cause I left the detergent
 And the fabric softener wow . those lines are so sloppy . oh , come on ! what about you , " barney " ? okay , you ... always ... interesting , interesting , everyone has annoying habits but me . oh , got it . okay , you sometimes talk in a weird high- pitched voice . and you 're constantly using lame catchphrases . and sometimes you space out and don 't even pay attention to what we 're talking about .







 i 'm sorry . what ? oh , see ? you can 't think of anything cause i am aewsome all three right the . well , technically , " awesome " wouldn 't be a catchphrase . if anything , it 's more of a catchword . i literally want to rip your head off . you mean " figuratively " ! no , i literally mean " literally . "






 literally , literally literally . oh , my god , lily , what are you eating , gravel ? oh , i know , right ? it sounds like cufflinks going up a vacuum cleaner . well , why don 't you sing about it ? because i don 't sing about everything i do . no , no , sometimes you just sing nonsense sentences




 like a stroke victim , and what 's worse , they 're catchy .
 Apple, orchard, banana , cat dance , see ? we know that one because once you sang that for , like , three hours . what the hell is that ? that 's my password .

 AOBCD8663 AOBCD8663 .
 - oh , marshall ! - awesome ! there 's another one . it 's called " golden reliever , " where this dog ... yeah ,
 - we can guess . - all right , guys , guys , guys .
 i 'm a lawyer .
 it just like that we stopped fighting and celebrated marshall 's success . you see , when someone 's bad habits are pointed out to you , it 's hard to ignore them . i 'm a lawyer now cause i passed the bar i 'm imposing marshall law on this champagne .



 are you literally on cloud nine right now ? baby , you never have to take the bar again .
 actually , if he practices law in another state , he will have to , but new york , man ! it 's a great state to practice law in !
 lawsuit up ! yeah ! whoo ! yeah ! yeah ! but if you love them enough , those bad habits are easy to forgive
 3 years later i ran into cathy and she was doing well . ted ? ! oh , my god , i haven 't seen you in so long ! how long has it been ? three years ? no , four . no , three , 'cause i went blonde and then i went back cause i was having too much fun . blondes have more fun . oh , my god , i 'm being so rude . ted , this is my fiance yes , i 'm engaged . ted , this is daniel .










 you guys seem perfect for each other . oh , my god . i know , right ? total , it was like love at first sight . hey , we should go out sometime . are you seeing anyone ? because we could double- date . is that weird ? no , it 's not . we can go have brunch . i know this place . do you guys like popovers ? because i love popovers . they 're like croissants , but they 're a little bit less flaky and they 're kind of round . hey , they have strawberry jam .










