
0 0 : 0 1 : 0 0 , 1 0 2 - - &gt; 0 0 : 0 1 : 0 2 , 9 8 0 Modern Love Then, an ancient scene appeared
Mother gorilla brings baby to gorilla father to watch tense times come

We know that the gorilla is suspicious of the baby 's origins
refuse to accept the baby
even eat the baby
please don 't eat your baby

really


I 'm going to sleep
ok baby, i 'm coming right now i want to get this done
Have you ever felt like a father 's love exploded?
Overwhelmed by the sea?

no
I just watched a show about baby orangutans in Congo
God knows, I started squirting
super evil
Don 't you think life is boring?
Your happiness, your insight into your life, your work?
I feel like my life is boring
OK, I understand what you mean
Baby, I 'm so empty
find time to talk
I 'm going to boil water
or IVF like my friends Charlie and Mike
How did they do it?
They paid for a poor Indian woman to be a surrogate mother and mixed their sperm so they didn 't know whose sperm impregnated the egg
Did you make it?
Of course, they have a beautiful three-year-old who looks exactly like Charlie.

That poor Indian woman?
I don 't know, should eat well all year long

How about adoption?
good idea
I don 't want to bring another human into this world
i don 't want to either
OK, what 's next? Want to seriously think about it?
So Tobin and Andy 's reproductive journey begins in New York City

This adventure will be full of excitement and disappointment
Laughs, tears and scary paperwork
Are you considering open adoption?

- Does anyone do this? - now everyone does it
The amount of interaction between the biological mother and the child depends on the consensus of the three of you
Of course there will be two legal guardians
That doesn 't sound bad, we 'd love to
Okay, please fill out these documents
I 'll help you log in

This pile of files has the size of a tree.

Andy, what did you expect to happen today?
He brought a child safety seat
I . . . shut up, I didn 't
She lives in her own world

- She 's calling - what to say?
she called


- well. . .
- Hey, Trine - how are you two?
- we are fine - fine
Okay, that, it 's not going well this time
Yeah, sorry, she flinched
Is it because of comradeship?
should not be
Holy crap, how can it be so hard for a couple of gay men with two incomes to want a family?
We should all have quintuplets by now
I have another chance here
- Quintuplets? - right
Not much hope, she recently came to us and liked your background
But she kinda . . .
How is it?
Well, how about you meet up on Thursday first?
- good- good
- Damn- really- are you ready? - let 's go






- Hey-hey
- Hey - are you Kara?
Yes, Tobin and Andy, right?
- just the opposite - sorry
Tobin, Andy

sit down, sorry


- hi- hi
Feels like an interview
But who interviews whom?
You should be interviewing us
After all, we want your baby
Right
- Who are you? - Who, me or him?
For a couple
I don 't care how each of you is. What kind of couple are you?
Why do you want to adopt my little boy?
Or little girl, I haven 't confirmed it yet, tell me
We first met at a party and I was about to catch a cold, and I felt it myself

I knew I should hurry home but he was so funny so we walked all night till dawn on the coldest night of the year
The next day my mom took me to the hospital
- I have double pneumonia. - Omg
He has absolutely no idea because I lost his phone number on the way to the hospital
After three days of high fever and hallucinations all I could think about was 'Oops, he 'll think I 'm not interested in him'
yes
'And he 's ten years older than me, a toad who wants to eat swan meat'
But when I woke up, he sat by my bed
etc
How did you find him?
I asked the party hostess for his number
I figured there must be some reason why he didn 't get in touch with me if we could talk like that
he is right

ultra gay
super touching
- True love is telepathic, right? - Yes
I know you must be awesome

That 's really touching. Can we order now?


OK
Kara, would you like another coffee? or something?
You pay or I pay?
- Of course we - we


I want a Coke for my lunch special and a coffee
Another banana split
What about the two?

please give us two cups of green tea

When is the due date?

eight months later
May I? Do you want a newborn?
It will be all right
What kind of relationship do you want to maintain with your child?
It 's hard to tell, I travel a lot
But if you come to New York twice a year, then see you twice a year?

OK, why are you traveling? Working?
No, I 'm a homeless
That 's it, understand
Magic
Stop pretending you 're not scared
- It 's a little bit, yeah- yeah . . .


Wait, who 's that dad, Carla?
a guy i met on the street
He is a good man
We meet occasionally, but in the end we don 't get along
He wants to settle down, I don 't want to
What do you think is the reason?
I don 't know, I 'm fine with my head, just . . .

I don 't like staying in the same place for too long

Another muffin, please
thanks
Yes, I like to travel around the world
like a james taylor song
And the house makes me claustrophobic
It 's a cage we built for ourselves like a car and a smartphone
We think we 're smarter because of this, but we 're actually dumber
Traveling and seeing new cities every week with a chance to re-embracing this country and the people who made it great
instead of only being seen on TV
thanks
- Can I borrow a spoon from you? - OK



- hey, i 'll get it for you - thanks



well enough?


- Okay, what 's in it? - my world

Hello, darling, hello, baby, I brought something delicious


- Is this your dog? - Yeah, it 's called Homer
It follows me around the world, is it delicious?
- Hi - say hi?
- Homer - Say hello
- Say hello! - Hi


So that 's it?
Wait a minute, you don 't want to know if we have a house
How much do we earn and which university do we go to?
Shall we sign a contract? A lot of people do that, or... .
No, I don 't care about those I just want to make sure you 're in love
you are in love

We are not always happy families
Recently, 'Spiritual Spring Night' has been staged very often?
Right
Okay, I 'll get in touch with Trine and tell her I think it 's ok
Then, if I can, I 'll keep traveling for six months or so and come back to New York
This is my phone number
OK, thanks

Nice to have the opportunity to meet you
That 's great
You are good people and it is an honor for my son or daughter to be looked after by a partner like you
Okay, goodbye, thanks for treating me to lunch
go
break

So is she a good lunatic or a bad lunatic?
I don 't know, I 'm not sure she knows what she 's doing
but you know we support
- everything she said - yeah
Capitalism is destroying the fears and cages created by human beings. . .
I like that about her, but she 's a little too exaggerated, isn 't she?
Where will it be? Because she did it by herself?

- Yeah, forget it - all right
Chip, please, poop quickly
Don 't stress it, okay?
- it 's going to be tense - okay
I just wanted to say we don 't know anything about this girl or what she 's been through
How do we know if she will . . . come over and see the baby and then go back on it?
feel harassed
Two geeky gay men provoke pregnant little girl
I think it 's better, forget it

We shouldn 't be parents, we shouldn 't be parents, that 's fine
Baby, this is a gift, okay?
It wasn 't some poor woman who was forced by circumstances to conceive our baby or take a newborn to this fucking hell
Anyway, it happened, okay?
Just happened to be caught up with us
No wonder, I just feel like we spend a lot of time doing something that might not work at all
We 'd both be super disappointed if she changed her mind
That 's perfect
We have the opportunity to live out our beliefs
Yeah
My little baby

- Like, good boy! - A miracle happened!
good boy!
- Take it - Why do I have to clear my bowels every time?
because that 's your dog
This is our dog!
Well, our dog, it 's just your shit
- it 's our poop - it 's not
our shit, good boy
- Okay - thanks baby
- Could you open the door, please? - I can open the door
- thank you - what 's your attitude?

I don 't have any attitude, I just ask
I think you have a bad attitude
Given that I have poop on my hands, or I 'll talk...
That 's your dog, of course the shit is on your hands
. . . would not be so rude, thanks
ok baby, forget it
- I want to watch Frozen, can I? - whatever you want to see
- thank you - please, your four year old

- Hey, welcome! - Hi!
good two

Hey
- Hello three, gosh, look at you- please come in
You came just in time, the summer storm is coming
- here I come - thanks


- Are you ok? - Okay, sorry, I didn 't get it
- ok, thanks - ok?
- Homer! Bad dog! - Are you all right?

Homer seems to be threatening your dog
He loves taking up territory

The dog that loves to occupy territory has no territory
His territory is everywhere
Homer, get down

Thank you, you two
I love your apartment and am so happy to live there
you want to stay? Live in New York?
Of course, she wants to live in our house



yeah, yeah
May I? Have you discussed it?
- we are discussing - no
- This is a live discussion - of course, great
You 're due in two or three weeks, right?
You will give birth anytime, right?
- I have eight weeks - eight weeks?
Eight weeks, great
we 're glad you stayed
make us more engaged
Yeah, Andy 's been going crazy about being a parent
I made Tobin 's study a baby 's room
Half painted blue, half painted pink, suitable for both boys and girls
We don 't have gender stereotypes

- let me ask you a question - ok, let 's ask

- Baby Q&amp;A, are you ready? - Baby Q&amp;A
Other beloved
really, that 's right
What does a big green baby mean?

- Skip, I don 't know - Skip? What do you mean?

- Skip, I don 't know - Indicates that the baby is sick
- Will you know by then? - You want us to be there when . . .

- Are you all right? - Gosh...
fine
Where is my room?
right here
oh yeah wow, hey


welcome home dear
Just going home now?
I 'm busy in the kitchen, you guys go to the bar to party?

- It 's so beautiful. It 's so hot in here.



- God! - Depend on! Hello
you look so beautiful
Thanks, Andy
That, if you put your clothes on... sorry
If you put your clothes in bags, I can take them to the wash
Why should I do this?
Because everyone does it
I can do my laundry in the bathroom and dry it here Why waste money going to the laundry?
Just talk, bad idea
i made curry prawns
I haven 't made it for a long time, the recipe should be correct
You don 't have coconut milk at home, I use tap water instead
I can 't afford prawns, use diced tuna instead
Are you hungry?

I really don 't understand how you guys manage to eat restaurant every night
Because we can 't cook, so
- I 'll cook for you all day long- No, baby
You 're getting me something to eat, that 's all
We don 't know how to cook, cooking is an art
The art we haven 't mastered yet, okay?
- Do you understand? - Why don 't you study?
Cooking at home can save you a bunch of money
This is ridiculous and unnecessary waste
Yes, you should go to a home economics class and learn the basics

I want a full fridge and a nutritious and delicious meal

You can 't take a screaming kid to a restaurant every night
others will be angry
Know what else is annoying?
pregnant woman drinking
- What the hell? - please
- how? - What are you kidding?
What are you kidding?
I gave up everything for this child
No smoking, no smoking, no spicy food

hey sister, come
where are you?
Good boy, are you ready?
let 's go

Hey
Are you all right?
Are you out of breath?

what 's wrong?
Chip: I 'm pregnant
veterinary clinic
good dog
Carla, you didn 't say your dog was neutered
I really didn 't catch it I thought you said 'training'
What is your dog trained to do?
He has had behavioral problems before and has taken a class with a dog communicator.

Thank you, Carla, he could have ruined it for the rest of his life
Okay, you 're exaggerating too much that the dog took medicine, that 's it
- It 's alright, baby- Maybe, but I 'm off today
Should have been enjoying a leisurely breakfast but ended up taking my dog ​​for an abortion
That, I can 't figure it out
How does Chip have any way of accepting your dog 's dick?


What?

What? Andy

- Andy, wake up - what are you doing?
- wake up - what are you doing?


- There 's a voice, you listen, there 's a voice - where is it? I 'm sleeping

- Man 's voice! In the living room - I 'm going to bed


- you listen, get up - don 't
- Get up! - Take Chip, I don 't want to.

. . . rubbing my skin with its ugly face
- Like Alien! - Yes, just... .
- Like Sigourney Weaver? - like Sigourney Weaver
- I like Sigourney Weaver- huh?

- Have you seen Avatar? - saw it a long time ago
Depend on! I 'm sorry, my God, did I disturb you?

- How is it now, Carla? - Who is he?
Sorry to upset you guys, he 's . . . c 'mon, what 's your name?
- Mick - Mick
Where did he come from?
On the street, I passed by him after watching the movie tonight
- not impressed - that 's right
So I gave him something to eat and we all did
I have a place to stay for now, it 's cold outside
Is it okay?
Relevant, honestly very relevant
- why? - Well, I understand
If I had a warm nest like this, I wouldn 't let people in.
You should have asked us first, but that 's okay
relevant, very relevant
we put up with you living here
That doesn 't mean you can bring people in casually . . .
bear with me?
That 's what you thought
he didn 't mean that
- isn 't it? - How about this
You have serious problems to solve - I 'll start with . . .

- no! Don 't go!
My friends are welcome to share my luck as long as I live here You stay with me
I just want to go to the toilet, can I?
right hand side
ok sorry
He 's not your friend, he 's a stranger
This is our home, just because you 're our guest doesn 't mean the guy you meet on the street is also a guest
Tobin, so you are such a person?
A gay man who talks about freedom and casual sex jumps when his rights are violated?
No . . . not so
What does this have to do with my sexuality?
It sounds like homophobia to me and everyone will be on my side . . .
Yeah? Andy, are you on his side?
i do not intervene
Very good, thank you, welcome back
thanks
Is he the first person you bring home?
first british
My mother, it turns out our house is a shelter
- You 're neurotic enough - I 'm not neurotic
This place is full of ghost spice!
Curry prawns on the carpet
You get it all over the place!
You turned my living room into a homeless camp
Caused me to take my dog ​​for an abortion, obviously pregnant
But numb and drinking and maybe fucking on my couch with stranger Mick
You just said you took your dog for an abortion?
Mind your own business, Mick, you 're just here begging for food
so be it, okay?
I understand, okay?
But you should try her cooking, maybe you 'll get some insight
Thanks, Mick
See you later
do you know?
so be it , tobin
You are so annoying
Really you say in the profile that you care about others but that 's not the case at all
You only care about yourself, you read the New York Times, and you scolding Trump are all on paper
You don 't care about your surroundings, you just like that feeling
You 're a . . . a fake liberal
So how do you contribute to the environment around you?
Living on the generosity of others?
What have you done for others?

- You live in your own world at all - fuck you!
I can 't even take care of my own children.

asshole

Kara, Kara!
Kara!
Kara!




Sorry for what I said, stupid enough
- I 'm ashamed. - Forget it, Tobin, it 's okay.
We don 't have to agree on everything we live in different worlds
Maybe, but I shouldn 't say those stupid things
We welcome you, okay?
just . . . it 's hard for me
Maybe you 're right I 've never contributed to anything
I was so fed up with spending and wasting in LA that ignored poverty and misery and the damned car smoking cigarettes
I want to never change my lifestyle again
I became a living hypocrite
Admirable
I thought so too
'Be the change you want to see' or something
I found out later that no one saw
No one beats me at all
I didn 't blog and didn 't have kids to pass on my philosophy
I 'm invisible like those homeless people in the park
You contribute, okay? you are funny
You will worry, you are sincere enough
Seriously, I am very happy to come home to see you at night
Don 't look at me like this
i can never guess
What will you do next? It 's fine, it 's fine with me
I 'm frightened to be honest
I don 't know if I 'm ready
I 'm super... hairy and neurotic
I can 't stand someone in my house let alone a baby
a baby? I really do not know
You 'd better make a decision quickly, Tobin
We go home
okay?
All right


She 's so strong and resilient...
She lives by her feelings
I think it 's because she truly believes that she can 't live against her conscience
Pretty brave. We all want our kids to be brave, don 't we?
Yeah, hopefully this part will be inherited
Don 't inherit cooking skills
gosh please don 't
- go to sleep - go to sleep

Sleeping with Mick seems to have a stimulating effect
What?
Seriously, I look like I 'm going to have an early birth
- Understood, alright - alright, let 's go

- how are you? - I know what to do
- bag, I have a bag - do you have a bag?



- I have a bag - you have a bag


I mean . . . where?
- Can you take care of her? - alright
Dressed up, you 're still in...
I 'll go out and wear it again, hurry up



- Okay, let 's call a cab - Okay, hey!


Oh my God


Okay, thank you
You get in the car from here, come

Well, the next contraction will be more and more frequent
The only way to have a painless delivery is now, Carla
Are you sure you don 't need to call an anesthesiologist?
No, I can, go ahead
Are you sure? I don 't know, it 's just a drug
Don 't you take antibiotics when you 're sick?
Don 't you also take penicillin aspirin for headaches? do not do that
Because I want to experience the process, feel the process!
Damn it! i don 't want to talk about this
- I want to concentrate on finishing! Depend on! - Okay. . .
ok . . . you can do it, you can do it
Nine centimeters open
Sir, would you like a glass of water?
No, I 'm fine, I 'm fine

Sir, please don 't pass out in my delivery room
If you feel dizzy, go out and wait, okay? trouble you two
Then I 'll go out and get some air
I 'm going to breathe, you guys come on
ok, we 'll do our best, see you later, ok
- Aren 't you going out? - Need not

I 'm not going anywhere
Oh shit
- Tobin, don 't do that. - Okay, sorry.


- Tobin, you 're still working on - sorry, okay
- really annoying- ok, i know
- Can 't concentrate - good
Depend on
- Tobin, get your head off me! - Okay. . .
Carla, you did a great job
Okay, head out, want to take a look?
Okay
ok carla, fine . . .
you can do it, you can do it
Next, push hard, come on
Take a deep breath and push hard, okay?

Good, keep coming out soon. . . .
very good! continue

good very good! very good!

Oh my god
well done carla well done
Oh my god



Oh my god


how about it?
girl
Hey girl, little girl!
- Great, is she okay? - She is very pretty
Healthy hands and feet? Healthy and beautiful?
- That 's right - oh my god
- Can 't believe it actually happened - Omg
- it really happened - yeah
we 're dads
The hospital will monitor her for 24 hours and then she can be discharged
we take care of her
- you are great - thank you
really . . . awesome
How is Andy?
We gave him a drink and he stabilized
Great, I thought it would be you who passed out

Yeah, I thought too but you didn 't
You stay by my side, hold my hand, help clean up the blood, cut the umbilical cord
It was amazing to watch her head pop out of the . . .
I like that I was the first to see her
Can 't wait to hug her, how does it feel?
feel good
Can you take this thing down? super funny
Feel sorry

But really, it feels good
Do you plan to reconsider this after seeing her?
What, do you want to run away?
No, just the opposite
I 'm sure now
I love her
It 's so sudden so I can 't imagine how you feel right now
I mean, if you change your mind, then... .
I totally understand that we are happy to accompany you on this journey

Yes no, I . . .
Your suggestion is sweet
However . . .
I do live in my own world
you are right
I do have a problem
I 'll fuck up and fuck with guys I don 't know
Maybe I just don 't know how to say no
That 's how things come to me, I just let it happen
And I love the streets The streets make me feel safe, but . . . not for kids
Maybe being a mom will change me, but . . .
I can 't risk her
I 've been irresponsible in my life
This is the first time I 've been so responsible
I 've never been able to endure spending more than a few days with other people, but . . .
I totally forgot about it these past few weeks because you guys are the best people in the world
real
You will be the best parents

we will try

thank you so much


OK!
gosh


Hey
I 'm going to tell you about your mother 's story
I decided to tell you now, while you can 't speak, before you 're puberty, before you can talk back so you won 't be able to see her often when you grow up
It 's such a shame because I told you your mom she 's awesome
She carried you like a warrior she gave birth to you without any fear
I know you 're going to ask why she 's not there
A long, long time ago, when there were no big cities, people liked to move all the time
They hunt and gather for a living. Their lives are hard and free.
Your mother is a bit like humans back then, but they were born in the wrong age
So she can 't live with you because the society can 't accept it
so you live with us
We do not hunt and gather for a living
we are urbanites
We cannot survive in the wild, because there is no restaurant, no supermarket, no doctor, no hospital to see a doctor.
No books or movies to watch
Nothing we like about these things, right?
So you 're going to live with us, right?

my book
That 's my book, Daddy, don 't read it
It 's her story time, not yours
Sorry, but look good, right, June?
- yeah- yeah
Where did I just say?
Speaking of 'Pig Market People'
Speaking of . . . speaking of . . .
Speaking of urbanites, yes
- Speaking of urbanites - 'Urbanites', yes
- Great, do you have ice cream to eat? - Yes, that 's right
Someone made ice cream for us, great, right?
Mommy loves ice cream too
- Right? - Yeah, we ate two balls last time.
She gave you . . . Mommy gave you two scoops of ice cream?

Two goals? Such a small child?
- okay- okay
Ice cream is great, right?
Two balls are a little too much ice cream okay, but two balls are too much
too much sugar
- All right, come to sleep? - Okay
ok go to sleep
close your eyes
start sleeping

hurry up, close your eyes
good boy


