Sherlock Holmes
The first quarter of the first episode
Bohemian Scandal

I got you!
You see actually... .
But ma 'am!
go and close the window john
Sherlock Holmes always called her 'the woman' the beautiful Irene Adler in his vague memory
At the beginning of the Erin Adler case
Sherlock Holmes and I have lived together on Baker Street for several years
At that time, I stayed abroad for a few days to practice medicine before coming back.
Usually after some time away from Sherlock Holmes
I need to get used to his weird temper.

Oh !
Oh hello, Mrs. Hudson, Dr. Watson, you 're almost soaking wet!

Yeah, it 's nothing. I was standing there in the rain waiting for a carriage.
20 minutes isn 't good for your old injury
wet doctor
I know, leave the coat and hat to me
I 'll help you dry Mrs. Hudson. I haven 't eaten all day.
It would be great if dinner could be delivered sooner.
It 's hard to say. I don 't know what happened to Mr. Holmes. It 's like taking gun medicine.
I can 't bring dinner up until he calls me
this is his order
thank you mrs hudson
my dear holmes
What was the injection tonight? Morphine or cocaine?
I can highly recommend a 7% cocaine solution to you
Do you want to try it ?
I don 't try it!
What I 'm going to say is not just from a friend 's standpoint but from a doctor 's standpoint
How can you ruin your extraordinary talent for just a moment of pleasure?!
I can 't tell you how it made my brain clear and excited
Yes, it will also destroy your brain!
If there 's nothing to do, my brain will rebel
Give me problems, give me work, give me the most esoteric ciphers, the most complex analysis, so I 'm most comfortable
No need for artificial stimulation
I hate plain life so much
I 'm after mental excitement
So I chose this special profession and it can be said that I created this profession, after all, I am the only person in the world who is engaged in this profession
The only private detective?
The only private consulting detective
I don 't take credit
The joy of the work itself that enables my special energies to be used is my supreme reward
you can close that drawer
You are wrong doctor!
Here 's what excites me
I hope you have a good time when you go abroad
good for your appetite
Speaking of which, I really wish you could order dinner.
what is this ?
That 's right, I have to get ready for guests.
This was delivered this morning
tell me what you think
No date nor signature and address
good you read it out loud
'Dear Mr. Holmes'
' I will visit at 7:30 tonight' ' Visit . . . '
God, only a few minutes left. Sherlock Holmes continued to read.
'I have something of the utmost importance' 'I intend to discuss with you'
' Your Excellency has recently made a statement for the European royal family ' ' Entrusting Your Excellency to undertake . . . ' ' . . . An indescribable event . . . '
' . . . reliable enough' 'This kind of reputation is well-known everywhere' 'Don 't go out then'
Really . . it 's such a mysterious thing
What do you think this means?
I don 't have a fact that can be used as evidence to speculate until then, but it 's a big no-no

Hmm but from the note itself can you infer anything from it?

It must be a certain gentleman 's handwriting is very good
He 's probably pretty rich, this paper should be expensive
The paper is particularly strong and crisp, and it is these two words.
This is not a piece of paper made in England at all
You lift it up and look at the light
Ah, an uppercase E, a lowercase g, an uppercase P and G intertwined with a lowercase t
Do you know what it means ?
maker 's stamp
Alright Watson!
Come !
Let 's ask this Continental Place Names Dictionary
This is a cigar for you, you see, it 's not that I don 't miss you coming back
Oh Sherlock Holmes!
Would you like a whisky? Maybe some for dinner later?
This is Papier G esellschaft 's print which means 'paper mill' in German
As for E g . . . E glow . . . E glonitz with E gria this is a German-speaking part of Bohemia with its glass factories and
Paper mills lined with famous Bohemia Kingdom of Bohemia
It 's a German who wrote this note
Statements like 'this kind of reputation' and 'famous reputation' are only Germans who use verbs like this
The guest to come is a German from Bohemia
He came to a carriage drawn by two horses
Watson 's case, if nothing else, at least makes money.
Sherlock Holmes, I think your client will want me to leave
Wherever you are, doctor, you stay here!
I 'd be overwhelmed without my own Boswell (Boswell: assistant to British writer Samuel Jonson)
But he seems to want to keep it a secret.
I might need your help he might as well
You just sit in this armchair and listen to us
he came
I 'm sorry, sir, but you can 't rush around like that!
Mr. Holmes does not accept any unscheduled visits!
Oh sorry Mr Holmes!
I can 't stop him!
Never mind Mrs Hudson!
- please go downstairs - all right
- Bring it home - of course
thanks
Did you receive the note I wrote?
Yes please take a seat!
This is my friend and colleague, Dr. Watson, who often helps me with cases!
hello your Excellency
May I ask what should I call you?
You can call me Count Vonkram I 'm a bohemian nobleman
I 'd rather talk to you alone
Talk about the two together or not
You can talk to me about anything you can talk to me in front of this gentleman
Well, then I 'll take your word for it. He 's a trustworthy and prudent man.
But first I have to promise you two absolute confidentiality for two years
Yes ?
In two years it won 't matter
At present it is so important that it may influence the course of European history as a whole
I promise to comply
Me too
Do you care about this mask?
The gentleman who sent me doesn 't want you to know who he sent
I can admit that what I just said is not my real title
I know
The situation is delicate and we must take every precaution to prevent it from turning into a major scandal
lest a European royal family be battered, frankly it will implicate the great Olmstein family
Hereditary King of Bohemia I know that too . . . Your Majesty
you are right. . .
i am the king
Why should I hide it?
Hmm really?
Before Your Majesty spoke, I knew that I was going with
Wilhelm. Gusrich. Sigmund. von Olmstein
The Hereditary King of Bohemia, Archduke of Cassel, talked
You are also the best duelist in Europe
Killed four opponents
fair and just
Of course
Simply put it 's like this
what !
When I visited Warsaw for a long time about ten years ago
Meet the famous female adventurer
Erin Adler
No doubt you are familiar with the name
please help me look up her watson in the index
So my inference is that Your Majesty has something to do with this lady. You wrote her a few letters that would hurt you, and now you are eager to get those letters back.
not bad
How did you know that?
Italy. . .
Ah Adler . . . Erin . . . 1858 NJ
Is that this one? New Jersey, let me see
Singer alto has retired from the opera stage as principal female singer at the Petersburg and Warsaw Opera Houses
Lives in London
Occasionally appearing as a guest at concerts is her
Have you ever secretly married her?
No legal documents or proofs?
no
Then I don 't understand your majesty
If the young woman wanted to use the letters for blackmail or other purposes, how could she prove that the letters were genuine?
my handwriting
Bah! Fake
my personal letterhead
stolen
Forged from my own seal
My Photo
bought
Both of us are in that photo
Oh god, god, god
Well that 's bad
Your Majesty 's life is indeed very indiscreet.
She 's so beautiful, charming, smart and brave
I was just a crown prince
Still very young !
I 'm only thirty now
Of course Your Majesty has tried to take back that photo?
Tried but failed
Your Majesty must pay
Buy the photo, she won 't sell it
then steal it
We 've tried it five times
Twice I paid thieves to search her house
We swapped her luggage once while she was traveling
Two more times we 've robbed her
But got nothing
How dare you laugh at me?!
This is a very serious matter!
yes very serious indeed
So what is she going to do with the photo, she doesn 't want money
destroy me
What kind of destruction?
i 'm getting married soon
I heard about it
I will marry the second daughter of the King of Scandinavia, Princess Krotilde Rosmann von Sachs-Meeningen
good combination
yes you probably know their strict house rules
She herself is a very sensitive person
As long as there is even the slightest doubt about my behavior, this marriage will fall through
And what about Erin Adler?
Threats to send them the photo
And she would do that
Her personality is tough as steel
She has the face of the most beautiful woman and the heart of the most resolute man
As long as I marry another woman she can do anything!
Your Majesty, why is she so persistent?
Oh we talked about getting married
Ha! She doesn 't understand it 's impossible!
Are you sure she hasn 't sent the picture out yet?
I 'm sure
Why? Probably the photo is on the way now
Because she said she was going to give the photo away on the day the engagement was announced.
that is next monday
But I have to leave London on Friday to prepare for the ceremony
Oh then we have three days
I 'm so lucky because I have other things on my hands at the moment.
Where does His Majesty temporarily live in London?
The name used by the Langham Inn is remembered by the Earl of Vonkram.

Of course what about the cost?
Here are £300 gold coins and £700 notes
Where 's Miss Erin Adler 's address? Good night Your Majesty
Trust me to bring you good news soon
Holmes, we can go to Romano for dinner, but it 's only three days until Friday.
Oh it has to be done by Friday
There will be Tchaikovsky himself performing his compositions in St. James 's Auditorium
do not miss it !
must be done by friday
dear watson i want to think alone
You are hungry ?
Surely Mrs Hudson would be happy to bring you a sandwich.

Sandwiches? Let 's talk tomorrow afternoon
Good night
Easier than doing it, buddy?
what ?
Just watch without practice
I can exchange with you anytime if you want
what are you doing ?
first class groom for eight weeks
Yes ?
You can help me if you want
I see you 're quite honest, why not?
Anyway, the wine money has to be handed over to the family.
you want to make money
Go saddle the horse and let us see how you are
I spent a few hours with the grooms
Miss Erin Adler made all the men in the area bow down under her pomegranate skirt
She is the prettiest woman in the world
She lives a peaceful life every day at five o 'clock in the afternoon and goes home at seven o 'clock for dinner
She lives in a reclusive world except for singing
She only dated one man and was very close
He came to see her at least once a day, often twice
He is Mr Goffrey Norton, who lives in the inner city of Temple.
Deal with the driver and see the benefits
Mr. Goffrey Norton is a lawyer and that 's the point
Maybe not so good
Why does he keep coming to see her?
Is she his client friend or mistress? If she is the client
She probably gave him the photo to keep
If she 's a mistress the gentleman probably doesn 't even know
She started singing with an ethereal voice Watson and then a series of unexpected things happened to me
First someone came
A man I thought was Mr. Goffrey Norton
Wait me a moment
go and call your master a carriage
leave now
Go to Santa Monica Church on Edgewell Road
Get there at least 5 minutes before 12
That is, if you arrive within 20 minutes, you will be rewarded with half a gold coin.
She is indeed a beauty, Watson 's beauty is enough to make men fall
A face that makes a man fall in love . . . never heard you describe someone like that, Sherlock Holmes
I 'm just a metaphor. Watson is nothing else.
I was about to catch up with the wagon and jump on it when another one came in the back.
The driver looked and looked at my poor appearance but I jumped into the car before he refused and showed him a handful of gold coins
and promised to reward him
As long as he can get to Santa Monica Church in 20 minutes
I don 't think I 've ever ridden a carriage so fast
But the other two came first.
Listen I 'm very, very sorry Mr Norton but I . . .
God it 's almost noon
It won 't work if it 's too late
I could have brought in a nasty priest but I didn 't feel the need to let them know and sent them out for a drink
Oh my goodness!
Goffrey
You are what you come here buddy!
Yes it is you!
It won 't be legal in a few minutes!
Come on, man, come on!
take this and do as he says
will give you money
Ah, there are witnesses
The ceremony can continue
Dear friends and relatives, we testify before God that the sacrament of marriage for a man and a woman is very precious.
It was created by God at the beginning of the world
Allusions to Christ and the Church
United Ori
I r e n a
you persuaded me now allow me to persuade you
I will see you tomorrow
tomorrow morning
I love you
Hey John!

come here bro
come over
Goffrey let me come
Sir, I want to thank you for your miraculous presence when we needed you
It 's my luck that you 've been by my side
I 'm not in a hurry anyway, ma 'am
Hope you can accept this
No need to tip me at all, Mrs.
Oh sir, why don 't you take this as a little souvenir
She gave me a pound of gold
this one
What a complete surprise!
I 'm going to put it on a watch chain to commemorate this encounter
What now ?
during the ceremony
I thought my plan was over
If this pair gets out of here at once, I 'll have to take the quickest and most vigorous measures possible.
But when he left the church he took the car back to Temple and she went back to her place, which gave me enough time to arrange
How to say ?
Doctor, I need your courage and tact
I am glad to !
Are you not afraid of breaking the law?
One point
Aren 't you afraid of being arrested?
I 'm not afraid of noble goals
Oh, this goal couldn 't be more noble
then i 'm yours
Great
Now . . . Now the question is . . .
Sherlock Holmes, you are very well dressed!
The question at hand is where are we going to find that photo
That place has been stolen twice
She 's so smart she can 't steal it
she is a wonderful woman
Those people must have thoroughly searched
But they don 't know how to find it!
How do you find a way?
i don 't find it at all
What to do then?
I want her to show me the picture
But she won 't do it
she has no choice
ah coming soon
Let 's walk the rest of the way
you know how
Raise your hand and I will act
Meet at the designated location in ten minutes
She is coming
this will not work
I came first
it 's my lady who opened the door
It 's not him, it 's not me!
You two get out of the way!
let me go !
Opening the door for the lady is a legitimate way of earning a living, Mr.
You can 't let us run out of money, can you?
Ler me get through
You let go of my groom!
He actually stole food from my mouth!
If I pay you back, you 're a bastard

Oh no, no, no more fights, please stop fighting, please, please!
Madam, I will protect you!
stop you and you stop

back !
Look what you all did!
he died !
Run, man, can 't you wait for the police to pick you up!
He 's still breathing, but he 's beaten hard enough
I 'm so sorry ma 'am
you 've done a great job john
Is he seriously injured?
It 's just a skin injury, but it needs to be dealt with quickly
Can 't let him lie on the street
carry him into the house
ok sir

oh you wake up
thank goodness you are a brave man
come here wilroth

no no no you go back
Let me personally take care of this friend who came to the rescue
sir look at me
oh it would scare the lady
my brave dear friend
No, no, I won 't allow myself to do this
Thank you
Give me a piece of gauze as you say
I 'm a little relieved to see that you 're not seriously hurt
Well, the wound is actually very shallow, and the concussion is nothing.
so strange

What does Madam mean? Why are there so many people all of a sudden?
Madam 's gang of homeless people
It 's already negotiated to rob you
So many people just to grab a small handbag
Oh no, dear friend
Even the criminal 's wife doesn 't look curious but scary
oh sorry i seem a little dizzy
Get some fresh air!
Willrot open the window!


Are there any smelling salts in the glass of water?
Madam, where do I smell the fire
What? On fire on fire!
It 's on fire, it 's on fire!
Is it on fire?

Come out with me, ma 'am!
I 'll take care of this old gentleman!
I can 't breathe
is fake !
It 's a false alarm look!
This is a prank is . . . give them a shout out!
on fire !
Did you hear the false alarm?
No need to call the fire alarm!
What is this ?
It 's a plumber 's smoke bomb lady. I have a congregation that 's a plumber.
He said that after lighting it up and throwing it into the tube, you can see where the tube is cracked.

no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
The smoke will dissipate automatically
you said it was a prank
Who would do this to me?
gang member chanting madam
But why? I 've run away
for revenge
revenge ?
Are there such evil people?
Some people in this world madam will take revenge as their reward
I can 't imagine this mentality
I believe a lady you can 't even imagine
I feel better now
I 'm leaving, please stay for something to eat
Uh, there 's a congregation waiting for me
Then let my carriage take you away?
Oh no no fresh air will make me better at least tell me your name and address and I 'll reward you
I 'm just a humble servant lady serving God

Good night
Good night
Doctor you did a great job
Did you get that photo?
Not yet but I know where
How did you find out?
She showed me and I said she would do it
The problem is that the photo is still in her hands
You may lose the chance to get the photo Holmes
no
I will visit her early tomorrow morning
Are you going to find her?
In my own capacity to call the king again
King ?!
And you, Watson!
You must be a witness
I believe you can sleep well tonight, Sherlock Holmes
Solving a crime is the best way to treat insomnia
good night sherlock holmes
Watson . . and Sherlock Holmes ?

But she can 't love him
I wish she loved him why? Because that would save your majesty
Always afraid of trouble in the future
If this lady loves her husband, she doesn 't love your majesty. If she doesn 't love your majesty, why bother to interfere in your majesty 's life-long affairs?
I think it 's Mr. Sherlock Holmes?
I am Sherlock Holmes
My mistress told me you would probably come this morning she left with her husband
They took the 5:15 train from Channing Cross station to continental Europe
Has she left the UK?
never come back sir
It 's all over now!
see and talk

Not this photo! Sherlock Holmes is another photo!
Did you hear what I said?!
letter to me
this is for me
'Dear Sherlock Mr. Holmes you have done a very good job indeed'
'Totally fooled me'
'I had no doubts at all until I heard someone shouting fire' 'But then when I realized I had leaked a secret' 'I suddenly understood'
'I was advised to watch out for you months ago' 'They said if the king wanted to hire detectives'
'It must be you' 'But even so'
'You still made me reveal the secrets you wanted to know' 'Even when I saw so many people on the street'
'When intuition warns' 'I still find it hard to believe that such an amiable old pastor could be ill-intentioned'

'But you know' 'I 'm a trained actress myself'
'I 'm no stranger to male costumes' 'Yes, I 'm following you to your door' 'To be sure'
'You are the famous Mr. Sherlock Holmes' 'So I took the liberty to say good night to you'
'And then went to Temple to my husband 's place'
'We got married in secret beforehand' 'So as not to be forced to leave in order to avoid the king'
'And your presence is the signal for us to leave'
'It 's scary to be targeted by an adversary like you'
'So it 's empty when you visit tomorrow'
'As for that photo, your client can rest assured'
'I love someone better than him and he loves me too'
' The king can . . . '
'The king is free to do as he pleases' 'without worrying about the trouble that those whom he has wronged will bring him'
'I kept that photo just to protect myself' 'It 's like keeping a weapon in the future' 'Whatever he might do to keep me safe'
and the following
'I leave another picture I think he would like to keep' 'Sincerely, Dear Mr. Sherlock Holmes' 'Sincerely Erin Norton Adler'
What a wonderful woman !
What an admirable queen she could be!
What a pity I can 't be with her forever
From what I know about this lady
It is indeed difficult for her to live with someone like you, Your Majesty. It is a pity that I have not been able to complete the mission entrusted by Your Majesty.
On the contrary dear sir
There 's no better ending than this
I know she 's talking
Now that photo is as safe as it was burnt to the ground
I 'm glad to hear His Majesty say that
I really appreciate you so much please tell me how I can repay you

this ring ?
I think Your Majesty has one more
There 's something more valuable than this ring, you just open your mouth
this picture
Erin 's photo?
Of course if you want thank you Your Majesty then
I would like to wish you a good morning
This is how the Kingdom of Bohemia risked a big scandal and Sherlock Holmes ' best plan
How to be defeated by a woman 's wit he used to make fun of women with long hair
But I haven 't heard him say that lately and when he mentions Erin Adler or that woman
He always used the title of 'that woman', in his eyes she was unparalleled and the best among women
That 's not to say he had love-like feelings for Erin Adler all feelings especially love
They are all incompatible with his rigid and rigorous mind. His perspective on women is a bit morbid.
Either use them as motives for the crime or as clues to solve the case, but he still keeps her photos locked up
In his hazy memory there is only one woman he can 't forget and that is the beautiful Irene Adler
