The Sixers Season 1 Episode 01 Monica 's New Roommate
- = BT House DRM Group http://bbs.btbbt.com =- Honorary Producer Hippo Perfectly tuned timeline based on friends 6 subtitles
have nothing to say! He 's just my colleague!
Come on, you go out with that person!
There must be something wrong with the man you are dating!
Stop it, Joey, keep your mouth shut
Is he hunchbacked? Humpback and wig?
Wait, does he eat chalk?
I just don 't want you to make the same mistakes I did with Carl
Don 't worry, it 's not a date
We 're just going out for dinner and not having sex
Sounds like my date
I remember the dream in middle school, I was standing in the cafeteria and suddenly found myself naked
I had a dream like that
I looked down and saw a phone . . . there
- instead of . . . ? - Exactly
I never dreamed like that
Suddenly, the phone rang
I don 't know what to do, everyone is looking at me
They didn 't look at you before?!
Finally, I think I should take this call
I found out it was my mother calling,
It 's weird because . . . she never calls me!
Hey
I always want to kill myself when this guy says 'hello'
are you OK ?
I just felt like someone reached down my throat, grabbed my small intestine, pulled it out of my mouth - and tied a knot in my neck . . .
- Want cookies?
Kaluo moved her things today
- I 'll get you coffee. - Thank you
No, no! Don 't clear my breath!
- Leave my breath alone, okay? - Okay! Keep the pain going!
- I 'll be fine, okay? . Really, folks, I want her to be happy. - No, you don 't
Yes, I don 't want to! Fuck her, she left me!
you didn 't know she was a lesbian
Don 't know!! Okay?!
Why does everyone keep mentioning it?
She doesn 't know, how can I know?
Sometimes I wish I was a lesbian . . .
Did I say it out loud?
I told Mom and Dad last night and they seem to be fine
Oh really? Then I got a ridiculous call from a woman at three in the morning and she sobbed on the phone
'I won 't have grandchildren, I won 't have grandchildren.' What 's the matter? Wrong number?
I am sorry
It 's alright Ross, look. You 're in a lot of pain right now
you are angry. you feel sad
I tell you what is the answer?
strip club !
Come on, you 're single! In need!
I don 't want to be single, okay?
I just want to . . . get married again!
And I only want $1 million!
- Rachel?! - Oh God, Monica, hello, thank God!

I just went to your place and you weren 't and the guy with the big hammer said you might be here, you 're really here, you 're really here!
- Would you like some coffee? - Decaffeinated
All right, everyone, this is Rachel, another Lincoln High School survivor.
This is everyone, this is Chandler, Phoebe
Joey. Also, do you remember my brother Ross?
- Of course, hello! - Hello
So can you tell us now, or are we waiting for four wet bridesmaids?
Well, about half an hour before the wedding.
I 'm in the gift room
I 'm looking at that boat-shaped marinated meat plate. That 's a very nice boat-shaped marinated meat plate
Then, suddenly -
Do you have sugar?
I found that I was more impulsive to this boat-shaped braised pork platter than to Barry!
Then I was petrified and suddenly thought :
How Barry looks like Mr. Potato Head
I always thought he looked familiar, but...
I had to get out of there anyway and I was thinking 'why am I doing this and for whom am I doing this?'
I don 't know where to go, and I know I 'm a little estranged from you but you 're the only person I know in this city
- Haven 't been invited to the wedding yet. - Oh, I don 't want to bring this up. . . .
I guess he bought her a pipe organ and she didn 't like that
Tuna or egg salad? Decide now!
'I eat what Christine eats.'
Dad, I just... can 't marry him!
I 'm sorry, I just don 't love him anymore
This is very relevant to me!
'If I don 't grab my hair, my head will fall off.'
Oh, she really shouldn 't be wearing those pants
I said push her downstairs
Push her downstairs! Push her downstairs! Push her downstairs!

Dad, listen to me!
It 's like, all my life, everyone has told me, 'You are the shoes!'
'You are the shoe, you are the shoe, you are the shoe!'
Then today, I didn 't think so and said to myself,  'What if I don 't want to be a shoe?
If I want to be a bag ?
or a hat ?
no, i 'm not asking you to buy me a hat
It 's a metaphor, Dad!
Can you spot what 's wrong with him?
Dad, this is my life
maybe i can live with monica
I guess we 've made sure she 's living with Monica . . .
Maybe that 's my decision
maybe i don 't need your money
etc! I say maybe!!
Breathe, breathe, yeah
Just thinking about something good to calm you down . . .
Raindrops on roses and cat whiskers
Door and sleigh bells and gloves . . .
La la la, and some noodles...
I 'm better now

I can help!
See, this might be the best ?
Be independent and take control of your own life. Like you said about the 'hat' thing
Also, what else do you need, you can come to Joey
Chandler and I live across from each other. And he 's often away

Joey, stop seducing her! Today is her wedding day!
What 's the matter, are there any other rules?
I come
Please don 't do that again, that 's a nasty sound
Well, I 'm Paul
Omg, is it 6:30 yet? Let him in!
- Who is Paul? - Paul, bartender, Paul?
may be
Wait, your 'not real date' tonight is with bartender Paul ?
- He finally asked you out? - Yes!
Oh, what a diary-worthy moment
- Rachel, wait, I can cancel. . . .
- No, don 't, you go, it 's nothing!
Ross, are you okay? Do you want me to stay?
that would be nice . . .
- Really? - No, go ahead! That 's Paul the bartender!
What does that mean? Does he sell alcohol, drink alcohol or complain about alcohol?
Come in, Paul, this is .
Everyone, everyone, this is Paul
- Hello! Paul! Hey! Bartender! Hey! - I 'm sorry, I didn 't catch your name. Paul, did you?

Okay, I 'll... I 'll be back, I 'll... . . . .
Hang out ?
Change clothes !
All right, sit down for a while. I 'll be fine soon
Oh, I just pulled out four eyelashes. Not a good sign
Hi Paul! Let me tell you a little secret
She loves that you rub her neck back and forth in the same place over and over until it turns red
Shut up, Joey!
So Rachel, what are you going to do tonight . . ?
I was supposed to go to A ruba for my honeymoon so . . . nothing to do !

Yeah, you can 't have a honeymoon
But A ruba , this time . . ?
You can talk about it. Tuatara
Anyway, if you 're feeling lonely tonight, Joey and Chandler are coming over to help me assemble my new furniture
Yeah, and we 're excited about it
Thanks, but I think I 'll stay here tonight
- It 's been a long day. - Yeah, that 's right
Hey P heebs, do you want to help?
oh i wish i could but i don 't want to
Love is as sweet as a summer shower, love is an unparalleled work of art
But your love, your love, your love . . .
like a giant dove . . .
excrete in my heart
L a - la - la - la - la - thank you. L a - la - la - la . . . woo woo woo woo
I should have fastened the bracket to the side with a threaded worm gear . . .
I don 't have a bracket, don 't see a threaded worm gear and.. my legs are numb

- I think we 've got the bookshelf done. - Looks good
what is that ?
I think that should be an L-bracket
- Where should it sit? - I 'm totally . . . out of ideas

- Done the bookshelf! - Done!
This is Kaluo 's favorite beer
She never drinks from a can, I should know
- If you start those words again, we 'll go. - That is, don 't screw up the fun
Ross , ask you a question
She gets furniture, stereo, TV -
What did you get?
- You guys. - Oh my god. - You 've been tricked. - God!
- oh my god! - i know, i 'm an idiot
I should know when she sees the dentist 4 or 5 times a week
Who needs such clean teeth?
My brother is getting over this, he sucks
How did you get over it?
You can try smashing some of her valuables
- Like her . . .
- . . . leg ?
That 's an example! I- smashed her watch
Did you really smash her watch?
The worst thing I ever did was . . . ripped my boyfriend 's favorite bath towel
- Take the pain away. - Exactly
Barry , sorry, sorry
I know you probably think it has something to do with the day I told you that you had sex in socks, but it wasn 't
It 's about me, I just... .

Hey, the machine hangs up again.

I know there are lucky girls who will be Mrs. Vanke Barry 's
but she won 't be me
And I don 't know who I really am now. But you have to give me a chance to go .
I am divorced !
- I got divorced when I was 26! - Shut up! - You gotta stop!
I spent an hour on that
Ross, you have to understand, we haven 't been in a long-term relationship yet.
And you 've been in love with a woman for four years
Four years of closeness and sharing, she finally broke your heart
That 's why we don 't do it!
I don 't think that 's what I meant!
Do you know what the scariest thing is? If there 's only one woman for everyone, you know?
That is, if you have a woman, it becomes
Unfortunately, she has a woman . . .
What are you talking about?  'A woman ' ?
It 's like you only have one flavor of ice cream
Let me tell you, Ross. There are many flavors
There 's Rocky R oad, Cookie Dough, and then there 's vanilla
Also serve with candy bars, nuts, or cream!
Now the best thing in your life has happened !
Did you get married at the age of eight?

Welcome back to reality! Grab the spoon!
- I really don 't know if I 'm hungry or thirsty. - Stay away from my fridge!

Since she left me, I . . .
what 's wrong ?
Do you want to talk about it while eating noodles?
No, it 's not just about having a fifth date with you
Oh, so there will be a fifth date?
You do not want ?
no i think
- what do you want to say ?
Well since, since she left me I can 't, can 't. Have sex
- Oh my god, I 'm sorry, I 'm sorry. . .
- it 's okay no problem. . .
I know being spit on isn 't what you need right now
- Well, how long has it been?
- Two years. - Wow!
Whoa! I 'm so glad you smashed her watch!
So do you still want to have a fifth date?
yes i hope
We are here today for Joanne Louise C unningham
Holy Wedding with Charles. Chachi - Chachi - Chachi Arcola
Look !
But Joanne loves Chachi! That 's the difference!
' pick up the spoon . . . '
Do you know how long I haven 't picked up a spoon?
Don 't the words  'Billy, don 't be a hero ' make sense to you?
What a great story! . But, I have to go
Am I going to date A ndrea , or Angela , or Andrea ? Damn

An ndrea is the one who screams, Angela has a cat
Alright. Thanks. It 's Julie. I 'm leaving
Here comes the question.. even if I wanted to. Who should I date a woman?

Isn 't it weird? I 've never made coffee before
- It 's incredible. - Congratulations
I think if I can make coffee, I can do anything
I think it should be, 'If I can invade Poland, I can do anything.'
You 're getting into character right now, do you want to make an egg roll or something . . .
I 'm not too hungry though...
Not bad, Lenny and Squigy are here
good morning good morning

- Good morning. - Good morning, Paul
- Hello, Paul. - Hey, Paul, right?

- Thank you! Thank you so much! - Don 't do this!
No, I 'm telling you, last night I was like. . all my birthdays. . graduations plus the inauguration of the building
we 'll talk later
okay, thank you
That 's not a real date?!
What are you doing on a real date?
- Shut up and move my desk back. - Okay!
Okay kids, I 'm going to work
But if I don 't put those numbers in, . . . it doesn 't make a difference
Do you all have jobs?
Yes, we all have. . so that we can have money to buy things
- Yes, I 'm an actor. - Wow! Have I seen your work?
I don 't think. Mostly local shows
Wait, unless you 've seen a rerun of Pinocchio at the Little Playhouse in the Park
Is that still a job?
'Look, Gippetto, I 'm a real little boy. '

- Don 't humiliate me like that. - You 're right, sorry
'When I was a little wooden man, little wooden man . . . '
You know, he 's dying
Oh, Chandler?
How are you today? Did you sleep well?
Have you talked to Barry? I can 't stop laughing
You can see that you 're sleeping with a hanger in your mouth
I know, he 's just too...
- Do you remember you and Tony D e Marco? - Yes, remember
just like that . .
- Wow, you 're in trouble. - Exactly!
Want a wedding dress? Almost never used
I think we 've gone a little further
Okay, I 'm getting up and going to work and not thinking about him all day
Or just stand up and work
- Well, good luck to me! - Why?
I 'm looking for something for that job
- Hey, Monica!. - Hey, F rannie, welcome back!
- How was Florida? - You had sex, didn 't you??

- How did you know that? - I hate you I was walking through the parrot jungle with my Aunt Roz and you were having sex!


So, with whom?
Do you know Paul?
Paul, the bartender? Yeah, I know Paul
You know him like I know him?
Are you kidding me? Paul still owes me a favor
Before me, he couldn 't have sex for two years
Of course that 's a lie!
Why? Why would anyone do such a thing?
I think the more complicated answer is 'sleeping with you'
I hate men, I hate men!
no, don 't, you don 't want to drive them out of the universe
Because of me ?
Is it because I have some kind of orienteering that only dogs. Men with relationship problems would find out ?
ok come here and give me your feet
I just thought he was a good guy
I can 't believe you didn 't know that was a lie!
- Guess what? - You got a job?
Are you kidding me? I have no experience at all!
- I was laughed at by twelve recruiters today . . - and you were so happy .
You 'll be happy too if you find John and David 's boots . . . 50% off
Yes, you know me better . . .
These are my new boots I don 't need a job, I don 't need a parent
I have my new leather boots!
- What did you pay for? - Well, credit card
Who pays the bill?
uh . . . my . . . dad
Omg guys, is this really necessary? I can stop using it anytime
You can 't rely on your dad for the rest of your life
I know, that 's why I 'm getting married
Don 't push her, it 's hard to live independently for the first time
Thank you
You 're welcome, remember the first time I came to this city I was only fourteen years old
My mom just committed suicide and my stepfather went to jail
And here I don 't know anyone
Then I lived with an albino who was cleaning the windows of cars at the Port Authority
In the end he committed suicide
Then I got a massage job. So trust me, I totally understand how you feel
What you want to say is:
' all in all  ' . . .
- Okay, are you ready?? - No no no, I 'm not ready, how can I be ready?
'Hey, Rachel! You jumped out of the plane without a parachute?'
- Don 't do this, I can 't do it! - You can, I know you can!
- I don 't think so. - Come on, you can make coffee! You can do anything!

come on, cut out, cut out, cut out, cut out, cut out, . . .
You know? I think we can just put them here
- It 's like some body symbol . . .
- Rachel! That 's a library card!
You know, if you listen carefully, you can hear the shopkeepers screaming
Welcome to the real world!
It sucks, but you will love it !
Okay, that 's enough. Are you going to sleep on the sofa?
- No, I 'm going home. - How are you? - Yes
hey monica look what i just found on the floor
what ?
That 's Paul 's watch. You put it back
oh kids, all right
- All right, good night, everyone. - Good night
- Excuse me, take it. - No, eat it. I don 't want to eat it. Divide it? - Okay.

Well, you may not know, I had a crush on you in high school
I know
You know! Oh. . . .
I thought you always thought I was Monica 's weird brother
That is what I thought
Listen, don 't you think . . ?
Oh, don 't take my frailty too seriously
But do you think I can ask you out? Sometimes? Maybe?
Of course
possible
All right
Well, maybe I will... . .
- Good night
goodbye. . . .
Wait, what 's the matter with you?

I just picked up the spoon
- I can 't believe my ears. - I can 't believe my ears.
- What 's the matter, I said you had a- - I said you had one . . .

- Could you not do that? - Oh, here I am again?
- Exactly!
I said you have a good butt. But not a great butt .
- Oh, you don 't know if it 's a great butt if it doesn 't come up and punch you. - Imagine

Anyone want coffee?
Did you rush, or did you carry it?
- I served it. - - Well, I want a coffee
Children, new dreams . . .
i 'm in las vegas
Miss? Can I have some more coffee?
Oh, sorry, can you take this over there?
go ahead . . thank you
sorry. ok, las vegas
i 'm in las vegas
. . . I 'm Liza Minelli -
