 00 : 00 : 01, 710 -- > 00 : 00 : 03, 411 Hey .
 So you guys ready to order ?
 Since we come in every Tuesday night at 6 : 00
 And order the same exact thing , and it 's now 6 : 08 , I believe your question not only answers itself
 But also stands alongside such other nonsensical queries As " who let the dogs out ? " and , uh , " how are they hanging "
 Okay .
 So , the usual , with extra spit on sheldon 's hamburger .
 Penny , a moment ?
 Do you have plans this weekend ?
 Oh , gee , amy , I 'm sorry , I 'm actually pretty busy this weekend .
 Probably serving food that was ordered today .
 That 's too bad .
 I was hoping you could be my plus- one
 At the institute of interdisciplinary studies ' Symposium on the impact of current scientific research On societal interactions .
 The what ?
 It 's an annual science conference .
 We 've all been invited to speak .
 Oh ! Oh , okay , well , you know , like I said , I have plans , so ...
 Shame . Since you 're my best friend , I thought it would be a good bonding opportunity .
 I 'm your best friend ?
 Don 't you read my blog ?
 Oh , don 't feel bad . I never read leonard 's , and I used to sleep with him .
 Do you know anybody else who would appreciate An all- expense- paid spa weekend At a four- star resort in big sur ?
 No , I really -- I 'm sorry , free what ? Sorry , what , what ?
 I think her weekend just opened up .
 Wait , wait , just to be clear , when you guys say " spa , " Does that mean the same thing as when regular people say it ?
 Pretty much .
 Except we keep our shirts on in the sauna .
 You know , it is going to be difficult , But I 'm going to cancel my plans so I can do this for my bestie .
 Please don 't touch my breasts . I ...
 I wasn 't going to .
 All right . I just want to establish boundaries .
 Boy , this is great . I haven 't had a vacation in ages .
 In order to take a vacation , one first has to work .
 You know , for a smart guy , You really seem to have a hard time grasping the concept
 " don 't piss off the people who handle the things you eat . "
 That does seem to be a valid principle .
 I trust penny will adhere to The " official california restaurant workers ' Solemn oath of ethics and cleanliness . "
 I don 't believe there 's any such thing .
 You lied to me ? our whole universe was in a hot , dense state then nearly 14 billion years ago expansion started ...
 Wait ! the earth began to cool the autotrophs began to drool , neanderthals developed tools we built the wall math , science , history , unraveling the mystery that all started with a big bang

 If I could have everyone 's attention , please ?
 I know we 're all eager to get on the road to big sur ,
 So if we focus , I 'm sure we can get through this orientation In under a half an hour .
 Then it 's just q& a , quiz , safety drills , Pose for commemorative group photo and we 're off .
 Don 't worry . Just sit next to me during the quiz ,
 And you can copy my answers .
 Sheldon : Raj ? What are you doing ?
 I don 't think so .
 You 've had your allotted six ounces .
 The first bathroom break isn 't until the denny 's Located near bakersfield ,
 Which is approximately two and half hours away .
 Remember , people , we 're only as strong as our weakest bladder .
 Nobody cares about your kegel exercises .
 All right .
 We have seven people , and two cars .
 In the lead car , driven by leonard , Will be ...
 Myself , Amy farrah fowler , And penny .
 Yes !
 He had you in the other car , but I got you upgraded .
 Yay !
 She made the case that if we break down
 In the middle of nowhere , your nebraska backwoods skills And brawny hands will give us the best chance To survive in the wild .
 Brawny ?
 They 're bigger than mine .
 Red leader to red five , come in .
 Red leader to red five , come in .
 Howard , you promised .
 Wolowitz ( on radio ) : Fine . Red five to red leader .
 What do you want now ? It 's 11 : 15 .
 I 'm requesting your quarter- hourly location update .
 Still right behind you .
 Copy that , red five .
 Radio contact is sufficient . No need to extend your middle finger .
 So , amy , I 've been wondering , Are you and sheldon going to be sharing a room ?
 No , we discussed it .
 We decided we didn 't want to jeopardize our relationship By getting to know each other too well .
 Indeed . Nothing sours a friendship more Than over- familiarity with someone 's toilet routine .
 I can vouch for that . Hey .
 Not you , him . Oh .
 Thanks .
 Although yours was an eye- opener .
 Don 't worry , penny .
 You 're my plus- one . You 'll bunk with me .
 And fyi , travel makes me constipated , So I 'm the ideal hotel roommate .
 Terrific .
 Are we there yet ?
 I hope we get there in time to see the keynote address . Really ?
 You want to see the keynote ?
 Yeah , it sounds fun . " super bacteria :
 Global apocalypse or exciting research opportunity ? "
 Actually , I was thinking we could go straight to the room And ... Take a nap .
 Really ? And miss the keynote ?
 We can watch it later on c- span .
 Besides , I was really looking forward to you and me ... Napping together in the hotel .
 Honey , if you 're that tired , Why don 't you just take a nap here in the car ?
 No , see , it 's not ... ( cell phone ringing )
 Hang on .
 It 's leonard .
 Hi , leonard . Leonard ( on speaker ) :
 Yeah , hi . Listen , I just got a text from raj .
 He wanted me to tell you That when howard says " nap , " he means " sex . "
 Thank you , raj .
 Are you ... An element in the actinoid series ?
 No . Amy ?
 Are you usually radioactive when found in nature ?
 No . Are you in the lanthanoid series ?
 Amy , it 's penny 's turn .
 Penny ?
 Uh , I don 't know ... Are you food ?
 That 's not apropos .
 We 've already established I 'm found in the periodic table .
 Well , it 's a table , right ?
 I mean , why can 't there be food on it ?
 I knew she wasn 't lead car materiel .
 Who elected you road trip god ?
 Leonard .
 It was a late- night vote .
 We were all exhausted , And he was threatening to filibuster .
 It 's not technically " road trip god " It 's travel supervisor .
 Although road trip god does have a certain ring to it .
 I don 't understand why you people Just let him bully you like this .
 Someone should stand up to him . What 's he going to do ?
 I can 't believe you let him kick me out of the car .
 What could we do ? He 's the travel supervisor .
 Don 't worry , penny . This is a better car anyway .
 Yeah . It 's the love car .
 Should I ask ?
 they say we 're young and we don 't know we won 't find out until we grow well , I don 't know if all that 's true


 'cause you got me , and , baby , I got you babe mm da- da , da- da , da- da
 Both : I got you , babe
 Red leader , I 'm really sorry .
 Both : I got you , babe .
 Wolowitz and bernadette : I got you , babe ...
 I missed you .
 You know what ? I missed you , too .
 Bernadette ?
 Oh , my god , glenn !
 Great to see you !
 Are you here for the conference ?
 Yeah , I 'm doing a global warming panel .
 Oh , good for you .
 Uh , glenn , this is my boyfriend howard .
 Nice to meet you .
 Hi .
 Ow .
 Hi .
 You 're a lucky man .
 Bernie 's a great gal .
 Yes . " bernie " sure is .
 Well , I got to run . The panel 's tomorrow morning .
 It 's called , " remembering snow : A look back . "
 I 'll try to catch it .
 Oh , great .
 Bye . Bye .
 Hey ...
 Bernie ? Yeah ?
 Please tell me he 's your gay cousin .
 No . He was one of my professors in college .
 Oh ! That 's a relief .
 Then we went out for a year .
 Come on , let 's check in , so we can take that nap .
 No , it 's not necessarily proportional ... Shut up !
 That green bag is dr . Cooper 's .
 Here 's an extra five . Make him wait .
 Oh . Right to the nap , huh ?
 Okay ?
 Uh , so , this glenn guy .
 You say you went out with him for , like , a year .
 Do we really need to talk about my old boyfriend now ?
 No . I guess not .
 What is he , like , six- four , six- five ?
 Six- seven .
 Probably has a hard time finding a suit that fits .
 Is something bothering you ?
 No . It 's just ...
 What ?
 I 'm just thinking . If you had sex with that guy ,
 I mean , there 's nothing I can do here
 That will make any kind of ...
 Impact . Howard , it 's not a contest . I love you .
 I want to be with you . Yeah , great , love you , too , but ...
 If it were a contest , I wouldn 't have a chance , right ?
 You can 't think that way .
 Yep . Loser .
 Howard , stop it .
 Sorry . I just never figured that
 A guy like me going out with a girl like you Would ever have to compete with a guy like that .
 Wait a minute , " a girl like me " ?
 What 's that mean ?
 I 'm ... I ...
 Are you saying you don 't think I 'm hot enough To go out with a guy like glenn ?
 No ! No , I 'm saying exactly the opposite .
 I 'm hot to go out with a guy like glenn ?
 Yeah , let 's go with that .
 ( toilet flushes )
 Still nothing .
 Remind me to try again in an hour .
 Will do .
 So ...
 Girl talk ?
 Um , sure . What do you got in mind ?
 Do you subscribe to the freudian theory of penis envy ?
 Um , I never really thought about it . Why ?
 Sometimes I think it might be nice to have one .
 Really ?
 Not for sex , for convenience .
 You can 't deny that , by comparison , Our internal plumbing is extremely high maintenance .
 Again , I 've never given it much thought .
 We have time now . Think about it . ( knocking on door )
 Oh , good .
 Hey . Can I stay here tonight ?
 Yeah . Why , what happened ?
 Howard 's a complete and total ass .
 Oh , yeah , that . Come on in .
 Thanks . I 'll sleep on the floor .
 Not necessary .
 Penny and I are perfectly comfortable sharing a bed .
 We are ?
 Of course , we 're best friends .
 Oh , right , right , the blog .
 Word of warning , though . I 'm prone to night terrors , So when I wake up kicking and screaming , don 't panic .
 Just pin me down and stroke my hair , and I 'll be fine .
 Hey , can I stay here tonight ?
 Shh- shh- shh . Sheldon 's asleep .
 What 's going on ?
 Well , howard 's a complete and total ass , Bernadette 's in my bed ,
 And no matter how much you stroke amy 's hair , she bites . What ?
 Never mind . Can I stay here or not ?
 Uh , sure . All right .
 So , how do you want to do this ?
 Well , I 'm not getting in bed with
 Yeah , it is a little like Getting into dracula 's coffin .
 We 're just gonna have to make the best of this .
 Okay , when you say " make the best of it ... "
 Sleep . Right .
 So we 'll just call the middle here The neutral zone .
 The what ?

 You know , the neutral zone Between the federation and the romulan empire .
 Oh , okay .
 Just like old times .
 Of course , Sometimes the federation and the romulans
 Would enter the neutral zone To negotiate a temporary truce .
 Sweetie , let me put this in a way you 'll understand : From the waist down , my shields are up .
 Got it , got it .
 We can do all kinds of stuff From the waist up , you know ?
 Go to sleep .
 Good night .
 Please tell me you 're not having coitus .
 We are not having coitus .
 Can you guarantee that it won 't happen At any time during the night ?
 Yes . No .
 ( humming )
 Announcer ( on tv ) : Next on turner classic movies ,
 Oh , my god , I 'm crying already .
 ( knocking on door ) Sheldon :
 Raj ?
 Raj ? Raj ?
 I need to sleep here tonight .
 Why ?
 Howard is a complete and total ass , Bernadette is in penny 's bed , amy bites ,
 And penny may or may not have coitus with leonard .
 Okay . Come on in .
 ( whispers ) : Leonard , are you asleep ? No .
 I really appreciate you letting me stay here tonight .
 Sure , no problem .
 I know it 's kinda weird .
 True dat . " true dat " ?
 I 've gotten a lot more street since we broke up .
 ( chuckles ) Right . Still mad at me about that ?
 No . No , I understand .
 I got too intense , you had to back off .
 Thank you .
 I 've gotten a lot better at that , you know .
 I 've dated four different women since we broke up
 And I didn 't tell any of them that I loved them And wanted to have their babies .
 Good for you .
 Okay , good night .
 Good night .
 You know , maybe it wouldn 't be the worst idea in the world To violate the neutral zone for just one night .
 Oh !
 Hey , leonard , sheldon kicked me Out of the room , gave me your key .
 Penny 's here .
 No , we don 't want to watch bridget jones 's diary !
 Good morning and welcome to science and society .
 I 'm dr . Sheldon cooper , bs , ms , ma , phd , and scd .
 Omg , right ?
 Perhaps that joke was a little too hippie- dippy for this crowd .
 All right then , we 'll begin with opening remarks .
 Miss rostenkowski , would you like to start us off By discussing your assessment Of science 's responsibility to society ?
 Sure .
 I think all branches of science Have to move cautiously these days .
 It 's not just giant nuclear weapons That can destroy the world .
 As a microbiologist , I can tell you Even the tiniest organisms can still tear you a new one .
 Interesting .
 I think what you might need to know about my colleague
 Is that though she claims her field of interest is tiny organisms ,
 She certainly has spent her fair share of time Around what we can assume was pretty massive weaponry .
 I think mr . Wolowitz needs to keep in mind That the past is the past .
 But he should know that I the kind of girl Who could get the giant missiles she wants .
 Are we talking about women wanting penises ? Because I 'd like to weigh in .
 Dr. Koothrappali , would you care to join the conversation ?
 Certainly . I 'd like to raise two points .
 Number one , I think they talking about penises .
 And number two , these mimosas are kicking my little brown ass .
 I 'd like to kick your little brown ass .
 What did I do ?
 Oh , I don 't know .
 Maybe when you walk into a hotel room And you see a guy getting back together with his girlfriend ,
 You should consider doing something other Than crawling into the adjoining bed .
 I did .
 You said no Penny :
 We weren 't getting back together !
 It was a one- time thing !
 Excuse me . We 're not taking comments or questions From the audience just yet .
 Oh , shut up , sheldon !
 Hi , bestie .
 All right , Why don 't we see if we can bring this back to topic .
 Let me ask you something , bernie . I guess not .
 How would you feel if you met ex- girlfriend And she was like angelina jolie ?
 Oh , come on , howard , be realistic .
 What , I 'm not hot enough for angelina jolie ?
 I 'd like to weigh in here .
 No .
 All right , why don 't we open it up To q& a from the audience ?
 Penny :
 Yeah , I have a question . Is there anybody who can get me the hell out of here
 And back to los angeles tonight ? Glenn :
 I 'm driving back to l . A. Tonight .
 Penny , that 's glenn . Glenn , that 's penny .
 No !
 Sheldon ( over radio ) : Red leader to red five . Red leader to red five .
 Anybody up for a little game ?
 I spy with my little eye ... A nonferrous metal .

 ( retching )
 Must be out of range .
 Leonard , can I ask you a question ?
 Sure .
 Are you bothered by the fact that your former girlfriend Left the symposium with what is probably The most beautiful man I 've ever seen in my life ?
 No . Why do you ask ?
 Because we 're going 120 miles per hour .
 All right , if no one 's going to guess ...
 I was spying the aluminum rims on the police car We passed a few miles back . ( siren wailing )



