
Ready to order?
We show up on time every Tuesday at 6pm and order the same thing every time
It 's 6:08 now and I think your question is not only self-explanatory
And it 's as meaningless as 'why are the flowers so red' or 'do you know I 'm waiting for you'
(all are classic songs)
Okay, the same old S heldon burger comes with saliva
P enny wait a minute
Are there any plans for the weekend?
Oh A my sorry I 'm busy this weekend
Busy serving the dishes that people ordered today
What a pity
I would have liked to invite you to accompany me to attend . . .
An interdisciplinary academic exchange meeting on 'The Impact of Contemporary Science on Society' is coming
What is it?
a scientific conference
We are all invited to speak
Oh oh so I also said I have arrangements so...
It 's a pity that you are my best friend, we can take this opportunity to get to know each other
I 'm your best friend?
Didn 't you read my blog?
Never mind that I 've slept with Leonard and I never watch him
Do you know anyone else who wants to take a free spa trip to a 4-star hotel in Big Sur?
No . . . what did you say? What 's free?
I don 't think she has any plans for the weekend.
Wait a minute, let me make sure that the 'SPA' you 're talking about is the same as the 'SPA' we normal people say?
basically the same
It 's just that we wear clothes when we go to the sauna
Well it 's hard but I 'll definitely spare the weekend for my bestie
don 't touch my boobs
I don 't even want to touch
It 's okay, I just want to draw the line
I 'm so handsome, I haven 't been on vacation for a long time
If you want to go on vacation, work first
You always call yourself smart but 'don 't mess with the people who serve you'
Why can 't you learn when you are old?
She 's right
I trust that Penny will abide by the 'California Declaration of Ethics and Hygiene for Restaurant Workers'
Who told you there was such a thing?
Are you fooling me? -= Eden Subtitle Station http://ytet.org/=- honorary translation:
JTF an Dudui Xiaojiu Haha Hu Spicy Soup Proofreading: Grandpa Season 4 Episode 13
Good morning
please listen to me
I understand everyone 's urgency to leave for Big Sur immediately
If everyone cooperates, this training can be completed in half an hour
There is also a free question and a small test safety exercise group commemorative photo and then set off
Don 't panic, sit next to me during the quiz and I 'll copy the answer for you

Raj what are you doing?
that 's not good
you 've finished your six ounces
The first toilet on the road is Denny 's on Bakersfield Road
About two and a half hours drive
Remember, the strength of the team is only determined by the weakest bladder
Why do you hold back your urine while you cool down?
next
We have seven people and two cars
Sitting in the lead car driven by Leonard was . . .
我   A m y   F a r r a h   F o w l e r 和 P e n n y
pretty !
He was putting you in another car but I upgraded it for you
Great
She said if we broke down halfway
Your survival skills and strong hands will greatly improve our chances of survival
solid ?
Your hands are bigger than mine
Red Army No. 1 calls Red Army No. 5, please answer
(From the Red Squadron of 'Star Wars') Red Army One calls Red Army Number Five, please answer
Howard you promised
Okay Red Army 5 got it
what ?
It 's 1 1 : 1 5 Please do a position report every 1 5 minutes
behind you as always
Received the Red Army No. 5
Radio debriefing is fine, no middle finger gestures required
A my I was thinking are you and Sheldon going to share a room?
No, we discussed it
For the sake of sustainable development, we should not understand each other too deeply
Well, knowing each other 's toilet habits too much will seriously affect the friendship between the two
I really feel this
It 's not that you told him
Thanks
Yours is eye-opening too
Don 't worry P enny you are my partner
you sleep with me
Yes, I 'm constipated when I travel so I 'm the perfect roommate
very nice
Reached ?
Hope to catch up on the keynote
What? You want to hear the keynote speech?
Hmm, looks interesting
'Superbugs: A harbinger of world doom or a perfect time for scientific research?'
I think just go straight to the room . . . take a nap
Really? Not listening to the keynote speech?
we can watch the replay on tv
I really want to take a nap with you at the hotel . . .
If you 're tired, darling, just lie down in the car for a while
- I 'm not saying . . .
- Wait
Called from Leonard
- hi Leonard - it 's me
Raj texted me
He asked me to tell you Howard said 'nap' to have sex with you
thanks Raj
Are you . . an actinide ?
Not A my ?
Is it radioactive in nature?
- No- So are you a lanthanide?
A my it 's time to Penny
Penny?
I don 't know either . . is it food?
what does it matter?
I 'm in the periodic table
( Both the table and the table are T able ) Since it is a table, why can 't you put some food?

I knew she wasn 't fit for this car
Who chose you to be the 'God of the Journey'?
L e o n a r d
late to vote
We 're all tired and he 's threatening to delay the vote
Strictly speaking not 'God in the Journey' but the Journey Director
'God on the go' sounds pretty good though
I really don 't understand how you let him bully like this
What can he do if someone has to stand up?
You let him kick me out of the car
What can we do? Is he the journey director?
It 's okay P enny this car is better
yeah it 's 'love car'
Should I ask what 's going on?
*They say we are young and ignorant* ( ' IG ot You B abe ' - C her )
* Growing up to discover the true meaning of love *
*I don 't know if it 's true or not*
*Because you love me I love you* - *baby* - *da-da-da-da-da-da*
* baby I love you *
Red Army One I was wrong
* I love you baby *
* I love you baby *
I miss you
You know what? I miss you too
B e r n a d e t t e ?
OMG Glenn!
So happy to meet you!
Are you also here for the meeting?
I 'm on the Global Warming Team
nice
G lenn this is my boyfriend Howard
Nice to meet you



you are lucky
Bernie is a good girl
Yeah 'B ernie' is indeed
I have to go. My group has a meeting tomorrow morning.
It 's called 'Snow Memories: A Review'
I 'll try my best to get there
Great
- Bye-Bye
- Hey. . .
B ernie?
tell me he 's your gay cousin
no he is my university teacher
I can rest assured that
Then we got better for a year
Okay, let 's register, let 's go to sleep
Isn 't that proportional to height... Shut up!
That green bag belongs to Dr. Cooper, and I 'll give you a five bucks tip
make him wait
Going to take a nap? Okay?

The one named Glenn . . .
You said you dated him for about a year
Are we really going to talk about my ex-boyfriend now?
no, forget it
How tall is he 1.91.95 meters?
two meters
He must have a hard time finding a suit that fits.
Is there anything bothering you?
- no just . . .
- What 's the matter?
I was just wondering if you ever slept with that guy
A small body like me can 't let you... .
have fun
Howard this is not a game i love you i want to be with you
well i love you too just . . .
If it 's a match, then I have no chance of winning, right?
don 't think so
loser
Howard stop talking
I 'm sorry it 's just that I never felt like me
I would date a girl like you, but I didn 't expect to compare myself to that kind of person.
Wait 'a girl like me'?
what do you mean ?
I. . .
Are you saying I don 't deserve to be with Glenn?
No! No, quite the opposite
So Glenn isn 't good enough for me?
yes you can understand

still none
Remember to remind me to try again in an hour
understood
That. . .
Confidential chat?
Okay what do you want to talk about?
Do you agree with Freud 's 'penis envy theory'?
I never thought about what happened?
Sometimes I think it would be nice to have one longer
real ?
Not for sex but for convenience
You can 't deny that our internal plumbing structure is really hard to serve by comparison
Besides, I really didn 't think about it
We have time to think about it
oh thank goodness
Can I sleep here tonight?
Can what happened?
Howard is a complete bastard
Oh come in
Thanks, I 'll just sleep on the floor
no need
Penny and I don 't mind sleeping in the same bed
Yes ?
Of course we are best friends
Oh, it 's your blog to remind you in advance
I 'm prone to night terrors don 't panic if I wake up kicking and screaming
Just hold me down and stroke my hair and it 'll be back to normal
Hey, can you sleep here at night?
Shhh . . . S heldon fell asleep
What 's the matter?
H oward is a complete bastard Bernadette sleeps with me
No matter how I touch her hair, A my still grinds her teeth
- What? - Don 't worry if I can sleep here?
- Of course - good
This.. how do you want to sleep?
I don 't sleep with him anyway
Kind of like in Dracula 's coffin (the famous vampire)
Had to make the most of this bed
Well when you say 'Make the most of . . . '
- sleeping- yes
We call the middle area the neutral zone.
what ?
Star Trek
It 's the neutral zone between the Federation and the Romulan Empire.
oh good
Still haven 't changed
Of course the Commonwealth and the Empire sometimes
I will also go to the Neutral Zone to negotiate a temporary truce.
I 'm telling you this honey, you probably understand that I 've got the shield on from the waist down
understood
We can do it above the waist, right?
sleep
Good night
please tell me you 're not having sex
we didn 't have sex
Can you guarantee that it won 't happen all night?
- can- can 't

'BJ 's Diary of a Single' is next on Turner Classics
God I 'm already crying
R a j ?
R a j ?
R a j ?
I 'm going to sleep here tonight
why ?
Howard is a complete jerk Bernadette on Penny 's bed A my teeth
P enny may have sex with leonard
ok come in
- Leonard are you asleep? - No
Thank you so much for letting me stay here tonight
Of course, no problem
i know it 's weird
hmmm 'hmmm' ?
After the breakup I learned a little regional accent
Yeah, are you still mad at me?
no i understand
I 'm in a hurry, you have to back off
thanks
I 'm much better, you know?
I 've dated four women since we broke up but never said anything about it . . .
I love them and want to have kids with them
Well done
OK, goodnight
Good night
In fact, there is nothing wrong with violating the one-night neutral zone rule.

Leonard S heldon kicked me out and gave me the key to your room
Penny is here
No we don 't want to see 'BJ 's Singles Diary'!
Good morning and welcome to the 'Science and Society' symposium
I am Sheldon Cooper Ph.D. BSc. M.A.M. Ph.D. Ph.D.
OMG (oh my gosh) right?
It seems that this joke is a bit too nonsensical to you guys.
ok let 's get started
Miss Rostenkowski, please discuss your thoughts on 'Science 's Responsibility to Society'
OK
I think all branches of science should proceed with caution in the current environment
It 's not just powerful nuclear weapons that can destroy the world
As a microbiologist I can say that even 'small' creatures can destroy the world
interesting
I need to briefly introduce my colleague to you
Although she claims her research is in microbiology
But she also spends a lot of time researching 'weapons of mass destruction'
I think Mr. Wolowitz should know that the past is gone
But also know that I can get as many weapons of mass destruction as I want.
Are we talking about women 's penis desire? If so I have something to say
Dr. Koothrappali, do you have anything to say?
Of course I have two points to add
First I thought they were talking about dicks
Second, this orange-flavored cocktail made my brother cool
I want to flip you too
what 's wrong with me ?
Yo I can 't speak well
Maybe you walked into the room and saw that the couple were making up
You should think about doing something else instead of crawling on the bed next to you
I want to do something else
You yourself said not to read 'BJ 's Singles Diary'
we 're not trying to reconcile
Sorry for one night stand
It 's not time for the audience to ask questions
Shut up S heldon !
hi girlfriend
Let 's get back to the point
- I 'm going to ask you a question Bernie - Forget it
What would you think if you ran into my ex-girlfriend and she was Angelina Jolie?
Come on, Howard, be realistic
What 's wrong? Am I not good enough for Angelina Jolie?
i want to say something
not worthy
Well let 's see what the audience has a problem with
I have a question
Can anyone take me back to Los Angeles tonight?
I 'm driving back to LA tonight

P enny that 's G lenn G lenn this is P enny
Do not !
Red Army No. 1 calls Red Army No. 5Red Army No. 1 calls Red Army No. 5
Anyone want to play a little game?
I peep the world with small eyes is a non-ferrous metal . . .
(Classic guessing game to guess something around)

Seems to be out of reach
Leonard I want to ask you a question
Say it
Are you sad that your ex-girlfriend left the seminar with the most beautiful man I 've ever met?
no why ask this
Because it 's 200 miles faster now
Well since no one has to guess... .
The answer to my mystery is the aluminum alloy car of the police car a few kilometers ago.
translate :
JTF an Duodui Xiaojiu Haha Hu spicy soup proofreading: Grandpa
Subtitles in this forum are only for translation and learning purposes. Any commercial use is prohibited. Otherwise, the consequences will be at your own risk- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Genius Theory Season 4 Episode 13 Ended
