
There 's nobody there! T here  ' snobodythere , there  ' snobodythere !
Help me help me! Helpme , helpme , helpme , helpme !
There 's nobody there! T here  ' snowbodythere !
There is no one there!
T h e r e ' s   n o b o d y   t h e r e !
Help me help! Helpme , helpme , helpme , help , help !
Betrayal ruins England! T reachery , ruined , ruined , England !

Holmes Holmes? Holmes , Holmes ?
Holmes? Holmes?
Holmes Holmes? Holmes , Holmes ?
You came to Watson at a critical moment! Youcomeasacrisis, Watson!
Get yourself a cigarette from a Persian box Helpyourselftotobaccof romthe Persianslipper .
I will greet you later I shallbeatyourservicei naninstant .
If it 's still blue everything is fine I fthisremainsblue , alliswell .
If it turns red, it is related to a life. I fitturnsred , it  ' saman  ' slife .
As expected, I thoughtasmuch.
Mrs Hudson! Mrs.
H u d s o n !
Mrs. Hudson! Mrs. Hudson!
Please find Billy W ouldyou find Billy , please , tell him to send this telegram at once and tell himtodispatcht hesetelegramswithoutd elay .
Thank you Thankyou .
Oh please take Watson Oh , S itdown , Watson .
A commonplace little murder! A commonplacelittlemurd er !
I guess you have something more interesting You havesomethingmorein teresting , I fancy .
You always bring me interesting crimes Youarethestormypetrelo fcrime .
What is Watson? Watson, whatisit?
An alumnus sent me a letter I 'vehadaletterfromaboy I wasatschoolwith .
I think you should read I thinkyoushouldreadit.
Percy P ercy P helps , brilliantboy , took away all the awards set up by the school carriedoffeveryprizet heschoolhadtooffer , and was successful in wentontofreshtriumphs at Cambridge .
I admit I mustconfess , I don 't remember him at all until I got this he  ' dpassedcompletelyouto fmyminduntilthis .
Dear Watson' M y D ear Watson :
I 'm sure you remember 'tadpole' Phelps I havenodoubtyourembe r T adpole P helps , when you were in fifth grade I was in third grade whowasinthethirdformw henyouwereinthefifth .
You may have heard of I t  ' spossibleyoumayhavehe ard that through myuncle  ' sinfluence
I obtained a goodappointm entatthe Foreign Office.'
His uncle was Hisuncle  's Lord H oldhurst .
I am trusted and respected' A ndthat I wasinapositionoftrust andhonor But a sudden bad luck ruined my career tillahorriblemisfortu necamesuddenlytoblast mycareer.'
His noble relatives do not help his school life Yes , hisgaudyconnectionsdi dhimlittlegoodatschoo l .
For our thrill it is I tseemedtousapiquantth ing chasing him in the playground tochevyhimaboutthepla yground , hitting him with a stick hithimovertheshinswit hawicket .
Can you bring your friend Mr. Holmes' Doyouthinkyoucouldbrin gyourfriend Mr. Holmes to meet me? downtoseeme?'
The letter did not say much T hatdoesn  ' ttellusmuch .
Hardly anything.
But this handwriting is very interesting but the writing of a woman Butthewritingisofinter est ,itisawoman  ' s .
Not a man I am sure No , no , aman  ' s , surely .
Not a woman 's No , awoman  ' s .
At the beginning of the case A tthecommencementofac se
And that man, good or evil, always has an unusual personality forgoodorevil, hasanexceptionalnature. Are you interested? You  ' reinterested ?
IndeedIndeed .
If you 're ready we 'll Well, ifyouareready, letusstartfor to set off for B riarbrae House Woking, atonce in Woking.
my business . . .
W ell , mypractice - oh oh oh oh! Oh , oh , oh , oh !
Your business is more interesting than my case? Well, I mean, ifyourcasesaremoreint erestingthanmine.
I just wanted to say I wasgonnasay , my business will be done in a day or two mypracticewoulddovery wellforaddayortwo .
Now is the lightest time of the year I t  ' stheslackest time of the year .
Excellent Excellent .
Then let 's meet the unfortunate Thenletusvisitthisdipl omatist diplomat whoisinsuchevilcase, and the lady who wrote the letter according to his dictation andtheladytowhomhedic tateshisletters.
Mrs. Hudson, hotwater! Mrs. Hudson, hotwater!
Ah Ross Ah , Rose .
Help me look at this please? This is a good thing Checkthisforme, wouldyou?
T h a t ' s   a   g o o d   l o v e .
Mr. Sherlock Holmes? Mr. r.
S herlock Holmes ? This is my colleague and friend Dr. Watson A ndthisismycolleaguean dfriend , D r .
Watson . Dr. Watson is very pleased to have you here Dr. Watson , I  ' msogladyou  ' vecome .
Percy  ' sbeeninquiring afteryo uallmorning , poorchap .
I don 't think you are a member of this family? I perceive that you , yourself , arenotamemberofthefam ily ?
Of course you see my initials JHO fcourse , youseemy JH monogram .
I thought for a while that you did something clever No , foramoment I thought you  ' ddonesomethingclever .
My name is Joseph Harrison J oseph H arrisonismyname , Percy became my sister Anne 's fiancé andsince P ercyisbetrothedtomysi ster Annie ,
I therefore became at least one of his in-laws I shallatleastbearelati onbymarriage.
You can find her in his room You  ' llfindherinhisroom , she has been taking care of him for two months she  ' sbeennursinghimthesep asttwomonths .
Rose , inthehouse .
Listen to them coming Now , listen , they  ' rehere .
Should I avoid it?
S hall I leave ? No No , no .
Dear Watson I don 't even recognize you M ydear Watson , I shouldneverhaveknowny ou you have a beard underthatmustache , I daresay you wouldn 't recognize me for sure and I daresayyouwouldn  ' tbepreparedtosweartom e .
Without you still that lovely ' tadpole ' N otatall , stillthesamedearold T adpole .
I think this is your famous friend An ndthis , I presume , isyourcelebratedfrien d ?
This is Mr. Sherlock Holmes, Mr. S herlock Holmes, and this is Mr. Percy Phelps.
P e r c y   P h e l p s .
I am Miss Harrison and I  'm Miss Harrison .
My fiancee is also my caretaker M yfianceeandmynurse .
Please take P lease , sitdown .
I showed Holmes the letter you wrote to me I , uh , I showed H olmestheletterthat you wrotetome .
Yes as I hope Yes , I hopedyouwould .
Only rough content I twasrathershortondeta il .
Then I 'll get straight to the point. Thenletmegetstraightto thepoint.
I work as a clerk in the Foreign Office I workasaclerkin the Foreign Office .
My uncle is M yuncleis Lord H oldhurst .
After he became foreign minister he trusted me W henhebecame F oreign M inister , hegaveme , and occasionally gave me some difficult tasks ocassionaldelicatemis sionsoftrust , which I always managed to conduc tuccessfully .
I know you can do it old friend I 'msureyoudid, oldchap.
Please continue Mr. P ray , continue , Mr r.
P helps . about ten weeks agoN earlytenweeksago , on the evening of May 23rd itwastheeveningofthe 23rdof May ,
He called me into his private office called meintohispriv ateroom.
Ah Percy my dear boy! A h , Percy , mydearboy !
good evening sir G oodevening , sir .
Have you heard of the naval agreement just signed between England and Italy You  ' veheard of the Naval T reaty ? that has justbeendrawnu pbetween England and I taly ?
Sir, I saw the rumor in the press I  'vereadrumorsinthepres s , sir .
It is very unfortunate that Mostregrettable, and crucially anditisoftheutmostimportance can no longer reveal the wind that nothingfurthersho uldleakout.
The French and Russian embassies, The F rench and Russian embassies, would spend huge sums of money to snoop on the contents of documents wouldpayanimmensesumt olearnitscontents .
This is the original T hisistheoriginal .
I tshouldnotleavemybure au I wouldn 't let it leave my desk if it wasn 't for the great need of the transcript wereitnotabsolutelyne cessarytohaveitcopied .
Take it straight to your office and lock it up Takeitstraighttoyourof ficeandlockitup .
When others leave work, you stay No ow , remainbehindwhentheot hersgo , so that you can copy sothatyoucanworkatyou rleisure so that you are not afraid of being watched andwithoutfearofbeing overlooked .
When you have finished copying And when you have finished , then lock the original and copy in your desk relockboththeoriginal and thedraftinyourownd esk , hand them over to me in the morning andhandthemovertomepe rsonallytomorrowmorni ng .
Be careful nephew Theverygreatestcare , Nephew .
You can rest assured Mr. Youmayrelyonit , sir .
This pact T histreaty , can you describe its nature more precisely? canyoubemorepreciseastoitsnature?
Its outline stipulates that in the event of the French navy Well, inoutline it defines the position of Great B ritain in the Mediterranean over Italy towards the Triple Alliance.
Great Britain 's position in the Triple Alliance gaining complete ascend ancyover I talyin the M editerranean .
I went straight back to the office I returnedstraighttomyo ffice and found a colleague where I foundacolleagueofmine ,
Mr. Charles Gorot, still working.
Dude Well, chap, why is your uncle looking for you? whatdid Unclewant?
To congratulate me on my engagement to T ocongratulatemeonmyen gagement .
Amazing Splendid .
nothing else? Nothing else?
Also asked me to copy a certain fishery dispute S omefishingdisputehewa ntedmetocopy .
You 're still solving the Bulgarian problem, aren 't you? You  ' renotstillonthat B ulgarianpiece , areyou ?
That one is so tedious and tiring I t  ' sextremelylong - windedandtiresome , I 'm going to be exhausted tonight and I amfaggedoutforthenigh t .
Are you going to work overtime again? Youworkinglateagain?
Just a little thing Justafewthings .
You have to learn to relax the old ghost Youwanttoslackoffabit , oldman .
It is good to be ambitious A mbitionisafinethingan dallthat , but don 't leave out the beautiful Miss Harrison butdonotneglectthebea utiful Miss Harrison .
The other lads will take advantage of it. S omeotherchapmightstep in .
She won 't consider your Charles S hewouldn  ' thaveyou , Charles .
Not my old man Well , notme , oldman .
I already have Daphne I 'vegotmy D aphne.
Good night Goodnighttoyou .
Good night Goodnight .
Are you sure he left before you started working? You madesurethatthewasgo nebeforeyoustartedwork ?
Pretty sure and I copied Quitesure as soon as possible, and I copied asfastas I could, for I knew that J oseph , myfiancee  ' sbrother -
We met him in the yard Wemethiminthegarden .
He was in Hewasintown in town, to catch the 11:00 train back to Woking and wastravelingback to Wokingby the 11:00 o 'clocktrain.
I want to catch this train if possible A nd I wantedtocatchit , if possible .
But the document is very long? Butitwasalongdocument?
And W rittenin F rench written in French.
At 9 o 'clock I felt lethargic By 9 : 0 0 o  ' clock , I wasfeelingdrowsy just finished a third and scarcelya third of the ewaythrough .
I thought a cup of coffee might refresh my mind I thoughtacupofcoffeemi ghtclearmybrain so I rang the night commissioner so Irangthecommissionerwh ostaysondutyallnight he was in a porter down the stairs inasmalllodgeatthebottomofthestairs.
What surprised me was a woman T omysurprise , itwasawomanwhoanswere dthesummons .
I 'm sorry I wanted to call Mr. Tangay I 'msorry, I wasringing for Mr. r.
Tangey . I am his wife Mr. I  ' mhiswife , sir ,
I do chores in this building I dothecharworkinthisbu ilding .
Ah I wonder if you could make me a cup of coffee A h , well , I waswonderingifyoumigh tbringmeacupofcoffee .
I 'll go ask him Mr. I 'llgoandaskhim , sir .
This woman T hiswoman , have you never seen it in the building? you  ' venevernoticedherinth ebuildingbefore ?
No Never .
Coffee didn 't come for a long time so I went downstairs to see Thecoffeewassometimecoming , so I wentdowntoinvestigate .
Left the room carelessly, Leavingtheroomunguarde d ?
Yes Yes .
I found Tangey - asleep .
Mr. Fepp very sorry Mr. Mr. P helps , sir , I  ' mverysorry , sir .
I must have just fallen asleep, I must have just dropped of fforamoment.
Your coffee Mr. Your coffee , sir .
If you are here sir who is ringing the bell? Well , ifyou  ' rehere , sir , who  ' sringing thebell ?
Bell, whatbellisit?
This is your office bell sir I t  ' sthebellintheroominwh ichyou  ' reworking , sir .
You ran upstairs Youranbackupstairs the document disappeared from your desk and the document wasgone from your desk .
Yes !
Yes ! Omg no Godno -
No one was in the hallway when you passed by? Youpassednooneinthecor ridor ?
No one no one! No oone , therewasnoone !
In the room, in the corridor, in the corridor, A ndtheroomandthecorrid or everything is as I left allseemedexactlyas I 'dleftit!
Percy made a rough drawing of the whole building, which he thought might be of use.
yes yes that is important Mr holmes Yes , yes , that  ' softheutmost importanc e , Mr r .
H o l m e s .
Yes I think I understand Yes , I think I quitefollowit .
What did you do after discovering the theft? O nyourdiscoveryoftheth eft , whatdidyoudothen ?
I immediately noticed Well, I recognizedinaninstant The thief must have come in through the side door thethiefmusthavecomeu pthroughthesidedoor.
Here T hisone here.
Yes of course if he comes from the main entrance Yes , ofcourse .
W e l l ,   y o u ' d   h a v e   m e t   h i m
You will meet his ifhe  ' dcometheotherway . Then you are sure they are not hiding in A ndyouaresatisfiedthat theycouldnothavebeenc oncealedoffice or hallway?
Absolutely impossible A bsolutely impossible.
All other doors are locked A lltheotherdoorswerelo cked.
Strict Foreign Office Regulations.
There is no hiding place at all. T herewasnocoveratall.
Not even a rat can hide A ratcouldn  ' thaveconcealed himself there .
Tangey and I both ran out Tangey and I both rushed out down the stairs that led into Charles Street.
Mr. Phip!
M r . P helps !
It was dark and raining. I twasdark , raining .
No one! T herewasnoone!
But I distinctly remember that Big Ben was 4 5 B ut I distinctly remember the three - quarters of Big Ben .
9:45 A quartertoten .
This is very important T hatisofenormous import ance .
They go here you see Sherlock Holmes T heycameouthere , yousee , Holmes .
At the corner we saw the patrolman Onthecornerwefoundapol iceman, but at 45 minutes he didn 't see anyone leaving the building except for the watchman 's wife buthe 'dseennooneleavethebui ldinginthelast quarterofanhourexcept for the C ommissioner ' swife,
We ran through Whitehall (London main street) soweranthroughto W hitehall . There is a lot of traffic
A place to hide from the rain sowetanight. No idler to tell you who passed by? N oloungertollyouwho  ' dpassed ?
There is no N one .
Is it raining all night? Haditbeenrainingalleve ning ?
Starting at 7 o 'clock Since about 7 : 0 0 .
Ah this chain of events Ah, this chain of events is incredibly interesting indeedofextraord inaryinterest.
Then you go back to the office A ndsoyoureturnedtotheo ffice, I guess you checked the examinedit, I presume, to see if the intruder left any traces toseeiftheintruderhad leftanytraces;
A cigar head with muddy footprints or a falling glove hairpin? muddyfootmarks, anycigarend, ordroppedglove, hairpin? Nothing T herewasnothing.
But there is a clear fact Except the tangiblefact that the watchman 's wife ran out of the building that the C ommissioner  ' swifehad runoutofthebu ilding just 10 minutes ago nottenminutesearlier .
What did you do next Mr. Fip? Whatdidyoudonext, Mr. r.
P helps ? The Patrol informed Scotland Yard ( the Metropolitan Police ) T heconstablealerted Scotland Y ard .
Then I started I twasthenforthefirsttime I was completely terrified of my situation thefullhorrorofmysitu ationcameuponme .
I have always been confident in getting back the agreement I  'dbeensoconfidentofreg ainingthetreaty ,
I dare not think . . . I darednotthink -
Watson will tell you Watson will tell you
I was a timid and sensitive boy at school I wasanervous , sensitiveboyatschool .
This is my character I t  ' smynature .
I think of my uncle thinking of his cabinet colleagues I thoughtofmyuncle , hiscabinetcolleagues , of the shame I brought them and myself theshame I  'dbroughtuponthem , myself , and the shame I brought to my relatives and friends everyone connected with me .
Although I was the victim of an accident A lthough I wasthevictimofanaccid ent , the diplomatic community does not allow thereareenoallowancefo raccidentsindiplomati ccircles for mistakes.
Ruined, shamefully, hopelesslyruined!
Steady old friend S teadyon , oldchap .
Back Sherlock Holmes Standback , willyou , Holmes .
Is the investigation over? Is the investigation conc luded?
Wait A djourned .
Poor old Percy is overly nervous about everything P oorold P ercy , terriblestrain , allthis , career in the balance.
This doesn 't seem to affect Lingmei 's love. I tseemsnottohaveaffect edyoursister ' sdevotion
How long has she known Mr Fip? Howlonghasshe known M r .
P helps ? Well they met in Northumberland in winter, theymetin N orthumberland in thewin ter .
Percy was out busy with government business at that place in that part of the world .
They fell in love at first sight I twasloveatfirstsight .
Do your family think they are a good match? Doyourpeopleapproveof hematch ?
Of course Mr. Holmes Indeed, Mr. Holmes, especially when they knew Percy especially when theylea rned of Percy  'sconnection
After relationship with Lord H oldhurst. My father was M yfatherisaniron-master, a famous iron manufacturer, and was a staunch supporter of the Conservative Party andastaunchsupportero fthe Conservative Party.
She came here to meet Percy 's family S hecamedown heretomeet Percy  'speople ,
And you came with her? Correct andyoucameasescort? T hat 'sright. JustbeforetheyleftforAmerica.
Well the wedding is scheduled to be held in September The , um , theweddingisplannedfo r September ,
As soon as the poor lad recovers ifthepoorchaprecovers . I suppose you meant for a short visit I supposeyouonlyintende dashortvisit , and this happened instead? andthencamethesmash ?
Um M m .
What is your occupation? May I askyouwhatyouroccupat ionis Why can you stay in Woking all summer? thatallowsyoutowhilea waythesummerin Woking ?
Mr. Holmes as the eldest son A stheeldestson, Mr.
H olmes , my dream is to inherit my father 's business I haveexpectationsofinh eritingmyfather 'sbusiness.
I also dabble in stocks I alsodabbleinstocksand shares, so I have some financial independence whichgrantsmeacertain independence.
Pardon me if my question offends you M yapologies if myquestio noffendedyou .
On the night of May the 23rd , you made an appointment for Mr. Fepp to meet at Waterloo station hadyouarrangedtomeet Mr . P helpsat Waterloo
And catch the 11 o 'clock train together? to take the 1 1 : 0 0 o  ' clocktrain together ? No No o .
That was his plan Thatmayhavebeenhisinte ntion , he knew I was eating with a stockbroker in London heknew I wasin L ondondiningwith mystoc kbroker .
But I didn 't expect to meet him B ut I wasn  ' texpectingtomeethim .
then thank you for your precious time mr harrison thenthankyouforyourtime , mr .
Harrison . Should I . . . um can you . . . That 's the ward S hall I , um , andwouldyou , thesickroom .
I 'm sorry Mr. Holmes, Mr. Holmes, I doapologize.
I am much calmer now thanks to Watson 's care I feelcalmernow , thanksto Watson  ' sministration .
Be gentle with him Sherlock Holmes Gentlywithhim , Holmes .
Ah A h .
Mr. Phelps Mr. P helps, and there is just the matter of the watchman 's wife thereisjustthemattero fthe C ommissioner  ' swife .
Yes of course Yes , ofcourse .
A s I remember , shortly after our return tomyoffice ,
Scotland Yard Inspector Forbes arrives at Inspector Forbesofthe Yardarrived to take up the case in high spirits to take up the case with co nsiderable energy .
We rented a carriage within half an hour Wehiredahansom , andwithinhalfanhour to the Tangeys ' home in Brighton wewereat the Tangeys  ' home in B rixton .
The door opened by his eldest daughter Thedoorwas opened byhise ldestdaughter .
hey what do you want?
Hey , whatdoyouwant ? is your mother at home ?
I syourmotherathome ? Not yet back Notyet .
She does the night shift S hedoesanightjob - cleaning .
If you don 't mind we are here We  ' llwaitforher , ifyoudon  ' tmind .
Waiting for her to come back I nhere .
Hurry up and close the door when you go back to your room. A ndyougetbackinhere , nowgoon , andshutthedoor .
About ten minutes later we heard movement at the front door A fterabouttenminutes, weheard the frontdoor, at this time we made a serious mistake and here we made oneserio usmistake for which I blame myself.
Mum has two people in the living room who want to talk to you M um , there  ' stwomenintheparlorwan tstotalktoya  ' .
Oh my God! Oh, my God!
Isn 't this Mr. Fepp in the office building? I fitisn 't Mr.
P helpsoftheoffice . come over who do you think we would be C ome , come , whodidyouthinkwewere Makes you wanna run away? whenyouranawayfromus ?
I thought you were execs I thoughtyouwasthebaili ffs .
We have a dispute with a retailer We  ' vehad some troublewitha tradesman .
Let go let go let go . . . Here , letgo , letgo , let -
We have reason to believe We  'vereasontobelievethat you  'vetaken you took a very important document apaperofimportancefrom the Foreign Office from the Foreign Office, you came here to destroy the document andyouraninheretodisposeofit.
You better come with us No ow , youbettercomebackwith us
Scotland Yard accepts a body search and hands off to Scotland Y ardtobesearched .
Getyourhandsoffme ! I didn 't get the documents! Enough . . .
I   d i d n ' t   t a k e   n o   p a p e r !
T h a t   w i l l   b e   e n o u g h -   安 静 下 来     T h e r e   w i l l   b e   p e a c e   a n d   q u i e t .
Mr. Phelps . . . don 't stop! Mr . P helps . . . no , stopit !
You searched the kitchen? You madeafullexaminatio nofthekitchen ?
Yes Yes .
There is no trace of documentation at all. T herewasnosignofthedoc uments.
A four-wheeler wasbrought came A four - wheelerwasbrought the three of us went to Scotland Yard andweallthreedrovebac kinittoScotlandYard.
I am anxiously awaiting I waitedinanagonyofsusp ense until the policewoman comes out to report untilthefemalesearche rcamebackwithherreport .
They found nothing about Theyfoundnothing .
I don 't remember much after that. After that, I havenoclearrecollecti on.
I think a police officer sent me to Waterloo I believeapoliceofficer drove meto Waterloo with a little luck wherebythemerestgoodf ortune,
There I met Dr. Ferrier, who lived near me, I met Dr. Ferrier, wholivesnearus was about to take the next train and wastavelingdown by thenexttrain.
Which train did you catch? T hetrainyoucaughtnowwo uldhavebeen ?
The 11:40 trip I think The 11:40 , I think .
Dr. Ferrier I am very caring for Dr. Ferriermostkindlytookc hargeofme .
Thanks to him for taking good care of Justaswellhedid, as I passed out once in the station for I hadafitinthestation. I was almost an incoherent lunatic before I got home and before wereachedhome I waspracticallyaraving lunatic.
Did your brother come back by then? Your brother had alreadyr returned?
Yes Yes .
I was surprised but not worried about him coming back alone I wassurprised , but notundulyworriedth athewasalone .
Percy worked overtime a lot. I knew there was another train, Percyoftenworkedlate, and I knewtherewasanothertrain.
So I slept first S o I wenttobed ​​.
Then sometime at midnight? A ndsometimeaftermidnight?
I was awakened by the terrible commotion in the hall I waswokenbythemostfear fulcommotioninthehall.
Bring him here Bring him here! B ringhiminhere , bringhiminhere !
God . . . Oh , God . . .
Your brother was sleeping in this room downstairs? Yourbrotherwassleeping downhereinthisroom?
Yes Yes .
While my family was traveling in America, M yfamilyweretakingadva ntageoftheirtriptoAmerica had a couple of bedrooms upstairs renovated tohaveseveraloftheups tairsbedroomsredecorated .
It is clear that poor Percy has been ill for a long time. I twasevidentthatpoor P ercywasinfarlongilln ess
So Joseph moved into my room S o , J osephwasbundleduptomy room , which became my ward and this wasturnedintoa sickroomforme .
This is a delightful room Why , it  ' saverycheeryroom .
I 've been lying delirious here for nine weeks I havelain hereforninewe eks, delirious.
If it wasn 't for Miss Harrison and the doctor 's care,
I can 't speak to you now I should not be speaking to you now .
She nurses me during the day S henursedmebyday , hired nurses watch me ahirednurselookedafte rmeatnight at night , I can 't do anything forinthemadfits I wascapableofanything .
It was only a few days ago that I t  'sonlyinthelastfewdays that myreasonhasslowly cleared.
I telegraphed I 'vewired I nspector Forbes, but he told me no clues buthe ' stoldmenocluehasbeend iscovered.
So I found you Mr. Holmes my last hope S o I turntoyou , Mr . Holmes , asmylasthope .
A very important question to ask Mr. Fip Juststonequestionoftheut mostimportance , Mr. r.
P helps . Did you tell anyone about this special task? Didyoutellanyonethatyo uhadthisspecialtaskto perform ?
No Noone .
What about Miss Harrison, for example? No ot M iss Harrison , for example ?
no No .
I have not returned to Woking inbetweengettingtheor derandexecutingthecom mission during the time I had received the order and I hadnotbeenbackto Woking.
What a lovely thing a rose is Whatalovelythingarosei s .
There is nothing T hereisnothinginwhich requires more deductionissonecessar yasinreligion than religion.
Reasoning scholars have established a precise discipline I tcanbebuiltupasanexac tsciencebythereasoner .
Our highest belief in the goodness of God O urhighestassuranceofthegoodnessofP rovidenceIt seems to me that it rests in flowers,seemstometorestinthef lowers.
I tisonlygoodness whichg ivesextras it gives extra, so I say it again andso I sayagain, we have great hope from flowers wehavemuchtohopeforfr omtheflowers.
Do you see any hope of solving the mystery of Doyouseeanyprospect, Mr. Holmes? ofsolvingthismystery, Mr.Holmes?
Mystery? Mystery?
Ah deny that the case is incomprehensible A h , itwouldbeabsurdtodeny it would be stupid thatthecaseisabstruse andcomplicated.
Do you see any clues? Doyouseeanyclue?
You have provided 7 clues You havefurnishedmewith seven , but I must test them first but I mustputthemtothetest to judge the value of clues before I canpronounceontheirvalue .
You suspect someone? Yoususpectsomeone ?
I suspect . . . I suspect . . . myself .
what ?
What? Is it too quick to draw conclusions? O fcomingtoconclusionst oorapidly.
Test your inferences back to London then!
Your suggestion is very good Miss Harrison Youradviceisveryexcell ent , Miss Harrison .
Mr. Fepp don 't expect too much M r . P helps , donotindulgeyourselfi nfalsehopes , the matter is very confusing theaffairisaverytangl edone ,
And I am not a magician and I amnotamagician .
Hey little rascal! Hey, littlevarmint!
What do you think of Miss Harrison? What doyouthinkof Miss Harrison?
Not bad either I read A goodsort wrong, or I 'mmistaken.
I think you 're being direct with her I thoughtyouwererathert ersewithher .
Yes ?
W as I ? She is just protecting her lover S hewasonly protecting the rlovedone .
A littleoverprotective, perhaps.
Of course you don 't think Surely, youdon  'tbelieve she has something to do with it? thatshehadanythingtod owithit?
Watson 's most difficult crime to detect, Themostdifficultcrimet otrackdown, Watson, is the crime without purpose.
And this is not purposeless Now, this is not purposeless, so who is the beneficiary of this matter? but whoisitthatprofits byit?
French Ambassador Russian Ambassador Well, there 's the French Ambassador, the Russian, the man who sold the pact to one of the ambassadors and whoevermightsellittoeitherofthose.
And A nd Lord H oldhurst .
It 's not impossibleWhileitisnotinconceivable a politician in such a position thatstatesmanmightfi ndhimselfinaposition will not regret wherehewasnotsorry
Can take the opportunity to destroy such a document toseesuchadocumentacc identallydestroyed. But Lord Holdhurst with the honorable record N otastatesman is not such a statesman withthehonorablerecor dof LordHoldhurst.
George to the Foreign Office George , the Foreign Office ,
Charles Street Entrance Charles Streetentrance .
George I want you to do something for me George , I wantyoutodosomethingforme .
Find a carriage that was dropped there, F indthecab which dropped afarethere on May 23rd just after 9:30 pm justafterhalfpast 9 : 0 0 ontheeveningof Maythe 2 3rd .
Gorot French name Gorot , a F renchname .
Huguenot , actually .
But I am an Englishman like you, Mr. Holmes, but I  ' mas E nglishinsympathyasyou are , Mr .
H olmes . Am I under suspicion because of my name? Am I undersomesortofcloudb ecauseofmyname ?
Oh no no Sherlock Holmes also had a French grandmother Oh , no , no , H olmeshasa F renchgrandmother .
I can keep you out of the way I 'dmake yourselfscarce Forbes Investigator if you want to avoid I nspector Forbes .
We arranged to meet him here in 5 minutes We  ' vearranged tomeethimhe reinfiveminutes .
Yes I have been questioned by him Yes , I havebeenquestionedbyh imalready .
I will do as you say I shalldoasyousay .
Good night to you both Goodnight toyouboth .
Good night Goodnight .
No secret doors Nosecretdoors, the windows 30 feet above the ground, the windowsquite 30 feet abovetheground, fastenedontheinnersid e.
There is zero possibility of carpet making floor door.
Whoever pulls the bell rope N ow , whoeverrang the bellrop e must come before this desk musthavecomerightover to thedesk .
Why ring the bell? Why hyringit ?
This thief wants to bluff? I mean , wasitthethief , outofbravado ?
Or is there someone with the thief O rwasitsomeonewiththet hief who wants to stop this crime? whotriedtopreventthec rime ?
Or just . . . Orwasit -
Inspector Forbes , I believe .
Mr. Holmes, I 'm a busy man. Mr. Holmes, I 'maverybusyman.
I have other cases besides this one. I have other cases besides thisone.
But I bet nothing is more important than the national interest Butnonesovitaltothenationalinterest, I 'llwager.
Let me introduce my friend and colleague Dr. Watson May I introduce myfriendandc olleague , D r .
W a t s o n ?
What do you want to know from me Sherlock Holmes? Whatdoyouwantfromme, Holmes?
I know your set I knowaboutyourmethods.
You are ready to use our intelligence You  ' rereadyenoughtouseour information , try to close the case yourself then outryandfinishth ecaseyourself and then make us disgraced andbringdiscreditonus.
On the contrary In the 5 3 cases I solved Onthecontrary , inmylast 5 3 cases , only 4 mentioned my name mynamehasappearedin ly 4 other 4 9 credits go to the police and the police have thecr ​​editin 4 9 .
I don 't blame you for not knowing this I don  ' tblameyoufornotknowin gthis , you are young and inexperienced youareyoungandinexperienced .
But if you want to get ahead at work B utifyouwishtogetoniny ourduties you have to work with me not against youwillworkwithmeandn otagainstme !
So what measures have you taken? No , then , what stepshaveyoutaken ?
Tangey, the watchman, we checked Tangey , the commissioner , we  ' vecleared .
He left the Guard with a good reputation. Heleftthe Guardswithagoodcharacter.
But his wife is not a good thing alcoholic H iswifeisabadlot , though , sherinks .
What about the clerk Goro? What about theclerk, Gorot?
We 've been following him for nine weeks. He 'sbeenshadowedallthese nineweeks.
Still can 't find any clues We canshownothingagains thim .
What do you think about why the bell rings? Haveyouformedanytheory abouthowthisbellrang?
no No .
I have to admit I was stumped I mustconfess, that beatsme.
Whoever did it was cheeky I twasacoolhand , whoeveritwas , came and sounded the alarm togoandgivethealarmli kethat.
Yes is a very strange thing Yes , yes , itwasaveryqueerthingt odo .
ok thank you very much Agent Well , manythanks , Inspector , if i want you to catch that thief and if I can put thisthiefinyour hands , i will inform your youshallhearfromme .
Let 's go Watson, Watson.
May I ask where you are going now? May I askwhereyou  ' regoing now ?
Meet T ointerview Lord H oldhurst , the C abinet M inister he is likely to be the next Prime Minister of England and verypossibly then t Premier of England .
Good night Agent G oodevening , Inspector .
Mr. Holmes, I can  ' tpretend , Mr. Holmes , I can 't pretend not to know your purpose that I mignorantofthereason foryourvisit ,
But may I ask who you are working for? butinwhoseinterestsar eyouacting, may I ask?
P ercy P helps . Ah my unfortunate nephew A h , myunfortunatenephew .
You know our blood relationship You can understand that ou rkinship makes me unable to cover him makesitthemoreimpossi bleformetoscreenhimin anyway .
But what if the document is found Lord Holdhurst? Yes , but if the documentisfou nd , Lord H oldhurst ?
That 's a different matter of course, T hat , ofcourse , would be different .
Lord Holdhurst , did you order the copying of documents in the office of Lord H oldhurst , itwasinthisroom ? thatyougaveinstructio nsforthecopyingofthed ocument ?
Yes I twas .
A ndyoumentionedittonob odyelseexceptyourneph ew you have not mentioned to outsiders except your nephew, are you sure? you  ' recertainofthat ?
Pretty sure A bsolutely.
Well if others don 't know Thenifnobodyelseknewof it, you admit that the thief appeared in your nephew 's office youwouldagreethatthet hief  ' spresenceinyournephew  ' sroom was purely accidental waspurelyaccidental.
Then he was the one who took the document, I mean, hesawhischance and took it.
What you say is beyond my power Mr. Holmes, Y outakemeoutofmyprovin cethere , Mr. Holmes .
H o l m e s .
One more important point . . . T hereisoneotherveryimp ortantpoint .
You are worried and I think Youfeared , so I understand , if the details of the agreement that verygraveresults leak out, the consequences might follow from theedet ailsofthistreatybecom ingknown ?
It is indeed very serious consequences V erygraveresultsindeed .
Have the consequences occurred? Havetheyoccurred?
No Notyet yet.
We assume that if this agreement had fallen into the hands of I fthetreaty had reached , letussay , the Russian or French foreign ministries the Russian or the French F oreign Office , do you think you would get the wind ? you would expect tohearo fit ?
I certainly could I certainly should .
Now that nearly ten weeks have passed The hensincenearlytenweek shaveelapsed , it is reasonable to assume that the itisnotunfairtosuppos ethen for some reason the pact has not yet fallen into their hands thatthetreatyforsomer easonhasnotreachedthem .
But Sherlock Holmes we can hardly assume But Holmes , wecanhardlysuppose the thief pact for . . . thatthethieftookthetr eatyinorderto . . . frameitandhangitonhis wall .
Perhaps he was waiting for a higher price Watson Well , perhaps he  ' swaitingforabetterpri ce , Watson .
Or he suddenly fell ill O rmaybehe  ' shadasuddenillness .
Like a neurological disorder? A brainstorm, forexample?
I didn 't say so I didnotsayso .
Lord H oldhurst, we have taken up a lot of your precious time takenuptoomuchofyourv aluabletime.
A good person has a strong sense of responsibility. Finefellow, heavy responsibilities.
Yes but he still needs some effort to hold on to the office Yes , but he hasastruggletoke epuphis position , and he is far from rich and he  ' sfarfromrich .
You must have noticed that his boots had changed soles Younoticed , ofcourse , thathisbootshadbeenre soleed .
Really? Really?!
There 's nothing to do today I shalldonothingmoretod ay unless I look for the carriage that echoes unless I getananswertomycabinq uiry .
Ah A h .
Ok Allright .
Oh Watson I won 't be too late Oh, Watson, I won 'tdetainyouanylonger your serious working hoursfromyourlegitimateworkor k.
But I would be very grateful But I should beextremely obli ged if you could accompany me to Woking tomorrow ifyouwouldcomedownto W okingwithmetomorrow , thesametrainthatwetoo ktoday .
Ok of course Yes , ofcourse .
Goodnight Holmes Goodnight , Holmes .
No , no , tonight I shallsleepmyownsleep , andalone .
But Percy . . .
But Percy. Mr. Holmes gave me new hope Mr. Holmeshasimbuedmewithf reshhope,
I feel I 'm getting better and I feel I  ' monthemend .
We made an appointment to go to church in September dear Wehaveanappointmentinc hurchin September , mylove , I don 't want to cancel the appointment and I meantokeepit .
He let the nurse leave Hesentthenurseaway .
Finally A tlast .
He trusted the great detective Heeputstoomuchfaithinth egreatdetective too much.
It was you who brought him to life It  ' syouthat  ' skepthisflamealive , not some detective notsomedetective .
And your brother Andyou , brother .
Without your words of support With me With ithoutyoutosupportme -
Perhaps I have become the center of some terrible conspiracy C oulditbethat I amthecenterofsomemons trousconspiracy whose goal is not only my honor but my life? andthatmylifeisaimeda t ,aswellasmyhonor ?
As far as I know I have no enemies in this world! I haven  ' tasfaras I know , anenemyintheworld !
You must just be unlucky old friend Youcertainly have had you rshareofmisfortune , oldchap .
I think I 've found the spot I think I may have found thespot that guy got over the wall! wherethefella  ' scaled thewall !
Here leads to the road I t  ' stowards the road .
Do you think this was made last night? A h , doyouthinkthiswasdone lastnight ?
I think it 's old traces I tlooksratheroldtome .
No I don 't think I can find any clues here No , I fancyweshallgetnohelp there .
Why did the intruder No , why did the intruder choose the window facing the courtyard? choose the window ontoth ecourtyard ?
I think I shouldhavethought it 's thissideofthehousewou ldhavebeeneasier that it 's easier to get in from this side of the house.
It 's more visible from the co urtyard.
Ah yes of course Ah , yes , ofcourse .
Have you been frightened like this before? H aveyoueverhadanalarml ikethisbefore ?
T here  ' snoplateinthehouse , or anything else to attract thieves? oranythingtoattractbu rglars ?
Nothing of value.
How is the London investigation? Was there anything in London?
We 've met Well, we 'veseen Inspector Forbes, we 've met your uncle, we 'veseenyouruncle, with Forbes.
Sherlock Holmes has had an action or two, Holmeshasetoneortwoth ingsinmotion.
You haven 't given up on S oyou  ' venotlostheart .
Oh absolutely not! O h , bynomeans !
God bless you to say so Godblessyouforsayingth at .
As long as we remain patient and courageous I fwekeepourcourageandp atience, the truth will come to light thetruthmustcomeout.
Miss Harrison, you must stay in this room for the next few days youmustremaininthisro omfortherestoftheday.
This is very important I tisofvitalimportance .
No ow , tonight , whenyougotobed ​​,
Lock that door from the outside and keep the key lockthatdoorfromtheou tsideandkeepthekey.
But Percy? Don 't say But Percy to anyone?
Tellnoone ! Promise me right away! No ow , quick , promise !
Why are you slouching here darling? Why hyareyoumopinginhere , honey ?
Come out and bask in the sun C omeoutinthesunshine .
I would like to walk with you I  ' llbeyourcrockie .
I have a bit of a headache I haveaslightheadache this room is cool and comfortable andthisroomisdeliciou slycoolandsoothing , thank you Joseph thankyou , J oseph .
Mr. Fepp, though this trivial matter also investigates Mr. P helps, while we  'reinvestigating thismi noraffair but we must not lose sight of the main task wemustnotlosesightofofo urmaininquiry.
I twouldhelpmeverymuch would be of great help if you could come with us to London I twouldhelpmeverymuch ifyouwouldcomeupto L ondonwithus .
Do you feel stronger? Do youfeelstrongenough ?
Okay if you really think I can be of help Yes , ifyoureally think I canbeofhelp .
Do you want me to stay there overnight? Do youwantmetostaytheni ght ?
I was about to suggest so I wasonthepointofpropos ingit.
If that uninvited guest of the night comes to visit Thenifmyfriendofthenig htcomestovisitme , he can only return without success he  'll find thebirdflown .
But what about Annie?
But , what about Annie ? Ah Mr. Harrison will look after her Ah , Mr. Harrison will look afterh er ,
My friend Watson will take care of your andmyfriend Watson will take care of yo urmedicalneeds . Will you be ready to leave in an hour? C ouldyoubereadytoleave inanhour ?
All obey your Mr. Holmes Weearallinyourhands , Mr. Holmes .
One or two things I want to say T hereareoneortwopoints I wishtoclearup, Mr. Fepp you 're not here and you 're helping me andyourabsence, Mr.P helps, willratherassistme.
Watson came to London Watson , whenyoureach London sent our friend straight to Baker Street driveourfriendstraigh tto Baker S treet stayed with him until I met you andremainwithhimuntil I seeyouagain .
Now gentlemen I 'm going A ndnow , gentlemen , I shall leave you .
What about our investigation in London? Whataboutourinvestigation in London?!
I hope to be back in London in time for breakfast I hopetobein L ondonintimeforbreakfast.
He is such an unfathomable fellow Watson Herelyisthemostinscr utablefellow , Watson .
Oh you 're still here Oh, you 'restillinhere.
How is your headache?
How  ' syourheadache ? A little better .
For the first time in nine weeks, there is no patient around. The first day for nine week swithout the invalid, and you still choose to stay here andyouchoosetospenditinhere.
The Force of Habit.
Have dinner? A reyoudiningtonight ?
I 'm not hungry I want to read I  ' mnothungry , and I  ' menjoyingmybook .
Well I understand M m , I understand .
My poor sister you have been through a lot M ypoorlittlesister , whatatimeyou  ' vehad .
Mr. Holmes is back Mr. T hat  ' llbe Mr. Holmes returning now , sir .
Thank you T hankyou , Horace .
He seemed exhausted Helookslikeabeatenman.
I admit you are right I confessyoumayberight .
I expected too much I 'dhopedforsomuch!
Holmes, you are hurt! Holmes , you  ' rewounded !
Oh just accidentally scratched Oh, it 's onlyascratchthroughm yownclumsiness.
Good morning Mr. Fepp your case Goodmorning , Mr . P helps , this case of yours is the darkest one I have ever dealt with surely one of theda rkest I haveeverinvestigated .
It was an extraordinary experience I thasbeenaremarkableex perience .
Come on, Sherlock Holmes, that bandage shows you 've taken risks
What happened? No ow , whathappened ?
Breakfast first, mydear Watson. A fterbreakfast, mydear Watson.
Don 't forget I 'm a Remember this morning, I have breathed 30 miles of Surrey air this morning.
I guess I haven 't heard back about the carriage? T here  ' sbeennoanswertomycabi nquiry , I suppose ?
Not so lucky every time Well, onecannotscoreeverytime me.
Mrs. Hudson, you have always handled yourself well. Mrs. Hudson, you haverisentotheocca sion.
Come on Mr. Fip? W on  ' tyoujoinus , Mr r .
P helps ? What is that? No ow , what  ' sinthis ?
Mr. Curry Chicken C urriedchicken , sir .
what about this ?
A ndthis ? Ham and Eggs Hamandeggs.
She will cook not much Hercuisineisalittlelim ited, but like all Scotswoman her breakfast goes well butshehasasgoodanidea ofbreakfastasanyS cotswoman.
What would you like to eat Mr. Fepp curry chicken eggs Now , whatwillyoutake , Mr r. P helps , curriedfowl , eggs , please come orwillyouhelpyourself ?

Thank you I don 't want to eat anything Thankyou .
I caneatnothing . Oh please try the dish on the plate in front of you
Thanks I really don 't want to eat T hankyou , I wouldreallyrathernot .
I suppose you won 't be unwilling to help me? Oh , well , then , I supposeyouhavenoobjectiontohelpingme ?
Oh! Oh!
is the agreement I t  ' sthetreaty .
is the agreement I t  ' sthetreaty .

Omg this is the deal! My God , it  ' sthetreaty !
This is the agreement!
I t  ' sthetreaty ! It 's a deal! I t  ' sthetreaty !
Watson brandy Watson , brandy .
Ah alright alright alright Ah , there , there , there , I 'm too bad to be put in front of you itreallywastoobadofme tospringitonyouliketh at , but Watson will tell you
I can 't resist a dramatic change that I nevercanresistatoucho fthedramatic . God bless you for saving my honor G odblessyouforsavingmy honor .
Thank you Mrs Hudson Thankyou , Mrs .
H udson . Oh thank you for being so considerate Oh , thankyouforyourmanyco nsiderations .
A Scottish woman 's breakfast is just a few silly pieces of paper! AS cotswoman ' sbreakfast, indeed, asillybitofpaper!
Please tell me how you found it? P lease , tellmehowyougotit , whereitwas !
After leaving you, After I leftyou,
I walked to the countryside of England I settled myselfinto the Englishcountryside and enjoyed lovely afternoons andspentaharmingafte rnoon.
I stayed there until dusk I remainedthereuntildus k, and then I returned to your house and then I returnedtoyourhouse.
I climbed over the wall I clambered over the wall and made my way through the eundergrowth until I reached the stables until I reached thestables,
Just opposite your bedroom window justoppositeyourbedro omwindow . The blinds in your room haven 't been pulled up
Reading under an oil lamp bythelightfromalamp.
It was 10:15 when she closed the book I twasaboutaquarter - pasttenwhenshe closedt hebook, walking across the room with the oil lamp in hand movedacross the room, carrying the lampwithher.
I know well the key she twisted on the door But I feltquitesurethatsheh adturnedthekeyinthelo ck .
key ?
Key ? It was the instructions I gave her Theinstructions I gaveher , she did them all which shecarriedouttot heletter .
Mr. Fepp She is a lady of great character Mr r . P helps , sheisaladyofrarechara cter .
Without her cooperation With ithouther cooperation , you would not have thatpa perinyourhandnow .
Hard vigil I twasawearyvigil , but there is a kind of adventurer who lies before thewa tercourse when heliesbeforethewa tercourse
The excitement and waits for the biggame .
What happened what happened? W hathappened , whathappened ? !
I twasabout 2 : 0 0 o  ' clockinthemorning about two in the morning, when I heard thegentlesoundof aboltbeingpushedback.
Alright Allright .
Ok Holmes what do you want to do with me? A llright , Holmes , whatyougonnadowithme ?
I got what I wanted I  ' vegot what I want .
Wow! Go O w ! R un .
Joseph! Joseph!
You let him run away? Youlethimgo?!
I got all the details of the Forbes agent with the electric report I wiredfullparticularst o I nspector Forbes .
If he can catch the culprit quickly it 'll be fine I fhe  ' squickenoughtocatchhi sbird , well and good .
But I suspect that the prisoners have gone to the empty house Butif , as I shrewdlysuspect , hefindsthenestempty , but this is better for the government why , allthebetterforthegov ernment .
I think not only I fancy Lord H oldhurst , forone , but also Mr. Percy Phelps and Mr. Percy P helpsforanother ,
Don 't want this case to go to magistrates court wouldmuchrathertheaff airnevergottoapolicec ourt . Omg you mean M y God , doyoutellme that during my 1 0 longweeksofagony the stolen papers have been with me during these ten weeks of agony ? thestolenpaperswereintheveryroomwithmeallt hetime ?
And Joseph the villain thief! A nd J oseph , avillainandathief !
As far as I know he lost a lot of money in stock investments From what I gather , hehadlostheavilydabbl inginstocks ,and concealed the factfr omhisfather from his father who was amanofstrictlyconservativehabits .
But he tramples on his own sister 's happiness Yes , buthisownsister  'shappiness , and your reputation and health! and yourreputation , your health !
He knows you often work late Heknewthatyouoftenwork edlate ,he was in town having dinner with stock investors and hewasintownhavingd innerwithhisstockbroker ,he mentioned ashetoldme to me .
But he had nothing to do until 9:30. Buthewasfreebyhalfpast 9:00, he stopped by your office and entered through the side door and called by your office, entering through the side door.
Percy? Percy?
He saw no one found noone in there the light was on and it was clear that the work was not over but the light on and worke vidently in progress , he rang the bell herang the bell .
At that moment he saw the papers on your desk Theinstanthedidso , hiseyecaughtthepapero nthetable .
He immediately realized that this was an opportunity He eknewatoncethatchance hadputinhisway an extremely valuable official document astatedocumentofimmensevalue,
He went back to Woking by himself and returned alone to Woking and hid the documents in a place he thought was safe and concealed editin whath ethoughtwasaverysafep lace , intending to transfer it in a day or two intendingtoremoveitin adayortwo ,
Then send to the French embassy andtakeittotheF rechemembassy
Or sell to a place where you can get a high price orwhereverhethoughtal ongpricewastobehad . There is no one there! T here  ' snobodythere , there  ' snobodythere !
Then you come back suddenly Then cameyoursuddenretu rn .
He was asked to move out of the room without warning With thoutamoment  ' swarninghewasbundledo utofhisroom From that moment andfromthatmomenton, that room always has at least the two of you in therearealwaysatleas ttwoofyouinthere,
Getting in the way of retrieving the baby annoyed him preventing him from rega ininghistreasure , maddeningforhim . My suspicions turned into affirmations M ysuspicionsbecamecert ainties when someone tried to get the nurse whentheattempttobreak in
Breaking into the room the night before leaving wasmadeonthefirstnigh tthatthehirednursewas absent ,
represented the intruder which showed that theint ruder
Very familiar with the situation of that house waswellaccustomedwiththewaysofthehouse.
Finally his chance came A tlast , hehadhischance .
But your waking scare him away again But youbaffledhimwithyo urwakefulness .
Yes I didn 't take sleeping pills! Yes ! I didn  ' ttakemysleepingdraft !
But you came to London to give him another chance B uthehadanotherchancew henyoucameupto L ondon .
I let Miss Harrison I kept Miss Harrison in the room all day in case he starts early in the roomalldayssoasto anticipatehim .
But now that you know the papers are in the room? Butifyoualreadyknewthe paperswereintheroom?
I 'm just assuming it 's possible I thought they probably we re, I don 't want to take apart all the skirting but I hadnodesiretoripupall theskirting to find the documentation insearchofthem.
Let him lead me to the hiding place Byallowinghimtoleadmet othehidingplace,
Saved me a lot of effort I savedmyselfaninfinity oftrouble .
Still got caught! An ndcaughthimred - handed !
Correct Quiteso .
But why did he come in through the window Yes , but whydidhetrythewind ow he can also come in through the front door? whenhemighthavecomein through thedoor?
He wants to pretend to be an outside thief if he can, T oappeartobeaburglar , and ifnecessary , he wants to escape from the courtyard makegoodhisescapeacro ssthecourtyard .
Knife T heknife , did he have a murder attempt? youdon  ' tthinkhehadanymurdero usintentions ?
Dear friend M ydearfellow ,
I don 't believe that Mr. Joseph Harrison I canonly say that Mr. J oseph H arrisonisagentleman is towhosemercy I shouldbeextremelyunwi llingtotrust .
A young lady has come to you Mr. Fepp T hatwillbeayoungladyfo ryou , Mr .
P h e l p s .
Annie !
Annie! I left a message for her to wake up later in London I leftheranotetocometo L ondonthemomentshewoke.
But Mr Fip But M r . P helps , she has no idea of ​​her brother  's crime sheknowsnothingasyeto fherbrother  ' scriminality .
Oh well Oh, yes.
My dear Sherlock Holmes is so grateful, M ydear Holmes , I can  ' tthankyouenough .
I 'm going to go down immediately and explain all this I shallgodownatonceande xplaineverything.
Goodbye Percy and good luck! Percy , good - bye , and goodluck !
Thank you for saving my happiness T hankyouforrestoringmy happiness .
There is a young lady at the door Mr. T here  ' sayoungladyatthedoor , sir .
Mr. Holmes hot water! Mr. Holmes, hotwater!
Thank you Thankyou .
- = = h t t p : / / w w w . r a g b e a r . c o m = = -
