Who wants to eat the last dumpling Howantsthelastdumpling?
I 'm coming to eat O oh , me ! Penny wait P enny , amoment .
We just had Thai food We justhad Thaifood .
In Thai culture, the last morselis called 'G reng Jai' and it should be awarded to the 'G reng Jai' piece, anditis reserved for the most important and valuable of the group.
Thank you all for giving me such a high honor T hankyouallforthishigh honor .
I have seen the shadow of Lingtang 's past, keep eating. I 'veseen pictures of your other, keepeating.
ok darling if we 're going to see a movie it 's time to go now A llright , honey , ifwe  ' regonnamakethemovie , weshouldgo .
You probably don 't like to hear T hismaybehardforyoutoh ear , when I say 'honey' I mean my fiancée but when I say ' honey , ' I meanmyfiance .
I understand at least it 's referring to her now Yeah, well, nowitmeansher.
It doesn 't matter if he wants to come. It 's sokayifhewantstocome.
Okay but next time we 'll have to find a nanny Fine .
B u t   n e x t   t i m e ,   w e   g e t   a   s i t t e r .

Well I have to go to work too A llright , I gottogotowork .
- I 'll walk with you - wait a minute - I  ' ll walk down with you .
-W ait .Which of you destination is closer to the new toy train store in MonroviaWhichisclosertothenewt rainstorein M onrovia ,
Cinema or themovietheateror T he C heesecake Factory ?
Neither is near N either ofthemareclose
It doesn 't matter whichoneofyoudrivesme . Let 's play a fun guessing game L et  ' splayafunguessinggame
Come and decide who sends me toseewhogetstotakeme. Begins the four-letter word describes both A llright, thisfour-letterworddescribesei ther a printer 's font size and an act of compulsive humiliation aprinter ' stypesizeoracompulsio ntoeatdirt.
Make a statement in advance that I won 't send him O kay , I  'mnotdrivinghim .
Penny, don 't give up, you can guess P enny , don  ' tgiveup , you cangetthis .
Aren 't you going with Sheldon? A ren  ' tyougoing with S heldon?
No I 'm not interested in model trains No , I havenointerestinmodel trains , model train stores and patrons who crash shopkeepers storesthatsellthem , northeirheartbreaking clientele .

I still have some work to do so . . . Well , I have someworktodo , so . . .
I don 't think that gets in the way of me I can  ' timagine that woulddist urbme .
You go on Carryon. Okay Okay.
Wouldn 't you be more comfortable at home? W ouldn  ' tyoubemorecomfortable athome ?
I don 't think so. Notreally , no .

Well then A llrightythen.
Guess I 'll start working now Guess I 'lljustgetstarted.
Leonard please I don 't need the fact sheet Leonard , please .
I   d o n ' t   n e e d   t h e   r u n n i n g   c o m m e n t a r y .
■ This subtitle is produced by YY e T s Renren Film and Television. For more original translations of American dramas, please visit www . YY e T s . com ■
Translation: Mi Xiaole Xiaoman Yao Heinrich J oanna ■
Post-production: Fishbones Timeline: Small e
■
Proofreading: V in Director: YY
The Big Bang Theory Season 5 Episode 3

- Amy- at- A my ?
-   Y o .

how are you youokay ?
Oh, sure.

I thought you were reading I thought you were reading .
I was reading I was .
Now I 'm thinking about what I read No ow I  ' mthinking about what I read .
How are you Leonard Youallright , Leonard ? You look restless Youseemveryuncomfortab le .
I . . . I 'm fine I-I 'mfine.
Should I leave Should I go ?
I 'm sometimes told I 've been a guest for too long I 'vebeentoldsometimes I overstaymywelcome .
Who . . who told you that W ha . . . whotoldyouthat ?
The most recent was my gynecologist Well , mostrecently mygynecol ogist .
Stay as long as you want Well , youstayaslongasyou  ' dlike . I 'm glad to hear you say that I  ' mgladtohearyousaythat ,
Because I 'm happy now because I  ' mhavingawonderfultime .
I said the same to my gynecologist I said thesamethingtomyg ynecologist .

What are you going to buy in the store Sheldon What are yougoingtogetat the trainstore , S heldon ? I am not going to buy anything Oh , I  'mnotbuyinganything .
They have a lecture there , They  ' rehavingalecture .
'Railroad Development of HO Gauge' H - O gaugerailroading
Half the size of the O-gauge but double the joy' Half the size of O - gauge , buttwicethefun . '
Very controversial topic V erycontroversialtopic . Which gauge do you supportWhichsidedoyoucomedown on ?
I 'll let you know after tonight I 'llletyouknowaftertoni ght.
Unlike some people at least I listen to Unlikesomepeople with an open mind, I 'mgoinginwithanopenmin d.
But isn 't this a joke W hoam I kidding ?
Obviously O Gauge Railroad She O Who O fcourseweallknowit  's O - gaugeornogauge .
Can you believe a grown man is still sitting there playing with toy trains Can youbelievegrownmens itaroundandplaywithto ytrains ?
For a man whose mother 's house T hat  ' sprettybigtalkforaman still has a closet full of magic tricks that is mature withaclosetfullofmagi ctricksathismother  'shouse .
First it wasn 't a trick it was all my 'fantasy' F irstofall , they  ' renottricks , they  ' reillusions . Second . . . A nd . . .
And secondly when we get married those things will be thrown into the attic secondly, whenwegetmarried, they 're reallgoingup so you can have a closet for clothes intheatticsoyoucanhav ethatclosetforclothes.
Why would I keep my clothes in your mother 's house? Why would I keepclothesatyourmoth er  ' shouse ? Don 't you think so. Well , don  ' tthinkofitthatway .
Once we moved in that was our house. Oncewemovein, it ' llbeourhouse.
Will your mother move out? I sshemovingout ? Why would she move out When hywouldshemoveout ?
That 's her house. I t  ' sherhouse .

You wait Hangon .
Do you really think I 'd agree to live with your mother? You oueriously think I  ' mgoingtolive with your other ? Howard I think I can answer that question Howard , I think I can helphere .
Yes, Bernadette, that 's what he thinks. Yes, Bernadette, that  ' sexactlywhathethinks.
Why don 't we stay together? Why not? That 's a good house. Many houses. I t  ' sagreathouse , plentyofroom ,
If we had kids my mom could help andifwehavekids, M om ' stheretohelp. Of course when she told the 'Three Little Pigs' story Youknow, whenshetells 'T he Three Little Pigs' story,
Sheactuallyhashaironh erchinny - chin - chin with a real beard on her chin. I don 't live with your mother I  ' mnotgonnalivewithyour mother .
Not now nor later Notnow , never .
Apparently someone doesn 't get along with mommy. Wow, someoneobviouslyhasso memommyissues.
Raj take me home Raj, takemehome. Don 't listen to her D on  'tlistentoher.
G o   t o   t h e   m o v i e   t h e a t e r .
Take me home quickly Takemehomenow .
Go to the movie Movietheater!
Okay everybody calm down O kay , everybodycalmdown .
The solution is simple T hereisasimplesolution here.
Raj take me to the train toy store R aj , takemetothetrainstore ,
Then go do what you like and then I don  ' tcarewhatyoupeopledo .
Shower can be refreshing Howwasyourshower ?
good good I twasgood , good .
Just out of curiosity, what time do you usually go to bed? Justoutofcuriosity, whattimedoyouusuallyg otobed? It can also be: I 'm awake all night, Oh, I  'mupallnight.
like little brother
I 'm a night owl I 'mlikeapossum.
You weren 't likeable in high school, were you Boy, youwerenotlikedinhigh school, wereyou? Notreally.
Is that my high school yearbook I sthatmyyearbook ?
Dear Leonard you are good at science' D ear L eonard , you  ' rereally good at science .
Maybe someday you can invent Maybeonedayyou  ' llcomeup
The cure for nerds withacureforbeingador k ' .
Lightning Bolt is a rock group which is not at least Well , itwasn  ' tspray - paintinga Lightning Bolt onmybriefcase , I cantellyouthat .
As a consolation I can tell you I fitmakesyoufeelanybet ter , the only person who left a message in my high school yearbook was my mom theonlypersonwhosigne dmyyearbookwasmymother .
Dear Amy' D ear A my ,
Self-esteem and self-love and hymen are a hundred times more precious than making friends and having fun. self - respectandahymenarebe tterthanfriendsandfun .
Love your mom Love , Mom ' .

You can add Jerry 's Junction Well , you canadd J erry  's Junction to Sheldon Cooper 's tothelistoftrainstore s
I 'm on the train toy store blacklist and I won 't go to S heldon Cooperwillneversetfoot inagain again. Is it bad tonight?
You don 't know you Youdon  ' tknowthehalfofit .
It was advertised that tonight would be an I twasbilledasalivelygi ve - and - take
A live discussion on the pros and cons of model train sizes onthemeritsofmodeltra insizes.
But in fact it 's just to scare those country bumpkins who are not determined to buy HO gauge weak - mindedspinelessrubesi ntobuying H - O startersets . What 's in your bag What  ' sinthebag ?
It 's none of your business I don  ' twanttotalkaboutit .
Anyway, I 'm not fooled Butit  ' snotaspine , I  ' lltellyouthat .
I had a great time tonight Leonard Well , I hadadelightfulevening , Leonard . We will get together more like this in the future We shoulddothisagainsom etime .
That is often together A h , sure .
T h a t ' d   b e   n i c e .
Glad to hear you say that G ladtohearit .
I need someone to accompany me this Friday I needsomeonetoaccompan ymetothewedding
The wedding of Dr. Morinelli and Dr. Gustufson of Dr. Moranelli and Dr. Gustufsonthis Friday.
They are a bit like They  ' rekind of the Brad and Angelina of the primate department
I also think the last wedding we went to was a disaster I would , but thelastweddingwewe nttowasadisaster .
He was like a child throughout the wedding. Hebehavedlikeachildthe entiretime. Not my faultN otmyfault.
You lied to me that there would be Youaid there  ' dbeotherscientists the remyage of scientists my age .

It doesn 't matter anyway you 're out. This time I 'll take Leonard to Doesn 'tmatter.
Y o u ' r e   o u t ,   h e ' s   i n .
No odatetotheprom at the prom,
Now there are two people who choose twodatestoawedding for the wedding.
It 's really good luck H mm , howtimeschange .
hey someone has to go to the wedding Ha - ha , you havetogotoawedding .
I 'll open the door I 'llgetit!
Can you go open the door C ouldyougetit ?!
Didn 't I just say I 'm going to drive, I justsaid I ' mgettingit!
Okay, I 'm going to drive Fine, I 'llgetit!
I drive I gotit!


I don 't want to fight with you I don  ' twanttofight .
It 's just that you suddenly talked about living with your mother I wasjustsurprisedwheny ousprung
Scared me the whole living - with - your - momstuffonme .
I 'm sorry I didn 't ask your opinion in advanceY eah , well , I  ' msorry I didn  ' trunitbyyoufirst . Who are you talking to I don  ' tknowwhoyou  ' retalkingto ,
Either come in or say butinorout! Don 't leave the door open to let the bugs in Wedon 'tneedbugs!

There will be bugs in our house. Thebugsonlycomehere
It 's because you 're the mother bug becauseyou  ' retheirqueen !
Listen, how about this Li isten , how about this . Before we finally decide where we want to live
Let 's try marriage first aboutwherewelive , wehaveatrialrun . Stay here for a weekend and see how it goes. Stayhereforaweekend , seewhatit  ' slike .
Wouldn 't your mother have an opinion? A ndyourmomwouldbeokayw iththat ?
Certainly not Sureshewould.
Mama Bernadette stay at our house for the weekend M a , doyoumindif Bernadettestaysherethi sweekend ? !
She automatically delivered Hey , ifshe  ' swillingtogivethemilk awayforfree ,
What more can I say whoam I tosayno ?!
See if she doesn 't mind See?
S h e ' s   g o o d   w i t h   i t .
To be honest you used to bring that Indian boy home all day to live in Frankly, afterallyoursleepover s
I 'm more relieved now that I 'm finally changing to a girl with thelittlebrownboy , agirlisabigrelief !
All these years I have been making a serious mistake A lltheseyears , I  ' vebeensowrong .
It turns out that the smaller the train, the more fun. Thetinierthetrain, themoreconcentratedth efun.

You are a brain scientist You  'reabrainscientist .
Can you explain to me why C anyouexplaintomewhyab rilliantman
Such a smart person who likes playing with toy trains likesplayingwithtoytr ains ?
I have to cut his brain and study it to answer you No otwithoutcuttinghishe adopen , no .

How about making my eyes like Cleopatra?
Really just for a wedding Really?
Forawedding ? Maybe you are right P erhapsyou  ' reright .
My cheekbones and my alluring pelvis M ycheekbonesandbeckoni ngpelvis
It 's punchy enough for them alreadyhaveacertain ' hellosailor ' qualitytothem .
Are you ready? Ready .
So handsome. Sohandsome.
Just like 0 0 7 Like James Bond .
He 's better than 0 0 7 because he 's smaller He  ' sbetterthan James Bond , because he  ' stinier .
Put this on me I gotyouthistogivetome .
Dear guests at the wedding Oh , sweetie , guestsdon  ' tnormally
I usually don 't wear corsages wearcorsagestoawedding . I wear T hat  ' smoreofapromthing to prom . I didn 't go to my prom I neverwenttomyprom .
My mother paid my cousin to take me to M ymompaidmycousintotak eme ,
But he used that money to buy drugs butejustusedthemoney tobuydrugs .
Help her put on the corsage Putthecorsageonher .
Amy, this is for you. A my, thisisforyou.
You mean it 's good to go back and I still wear it on my wrist W henyou  ' redonecoppingafeel , thatgoesonmywrist .
All get on the Allaboard!
I officially declare I t  ' official .
I am now a HO train lover I  ' man H - O trainiac .


Dinner went well S o , dinnerwentnice .
I think so yeah. Yeah, I guess.
Did your mother keep cutting meat for you? D oeyourmotheralwayscu tyourmeatforyou ?
Just cut the fat.Onlywhenit  ' sfatty .
Don 't be jealous baby Well , don  ' tbejealous , babe .
Later you can also cut Somedayyou 'llgettocutitforme. Bernadette Bernadette!
I found another tooth scrubber brush head do you want to use it I found theextraheadfort he Waterpikifyouwanttouse it !
No more Mrs. Wolowitz I 'mokay, Mrs. Wolowitz. Are you sure Yousure?!
I just washed out half a brisket I justsquirtedhalfabris ketouttamyteeth!
Mommy, please leave some private space Hey , M a , howaboutalittleprivac y ?!
Well I know Oh, I knowwhatthatmeans! Very good, very good H ubba - hubba!
God Oh , God .
Don 't worry it 'll be fine R elax , it  'llbefine .
Well Okay.
Tell me when you 're done making out Letmeknowwhenyou  ' redonecanoodling !
Then rub your mother 's feet M ommyneedsafootrub !


Would you like to go dancing W ouldyouliketodance ?
No need No , thank you .
I 'm not really good at dancing I 'mreallynotmuchofadanc er .
So you 're talkative You  ' renotexactly winningan ytrophies
Also failed very asaconversationalist, either. Sorry I 'msorry.
The bride and groom look happy Thebrideandgroomseemha ppy . Of course they are happy When hyshouldn  ' ttheybe ?
They 're ready for Theyhaveafeverishnight of
Socially-approved copulation night is socially-approved copulationahe adofhem.
In some cultures, we have to stand outside the bridal chamber
Cheer them to climax cheeringastheyachieve dorgasm . It sounds like it 's going to be late T hatsoundslikealatenig ht ,
And I have to work the next morning so . . . and I have workinthemorning , so . . . Leonard maybe you didn 't notice Leonard , youmaynothavenoticed ,
But I 'm trying to make you happy but I ambeingadelighthere . And you feel like you can 't stay A ndyou  ' renotholdingupyourend of theevening .
Sorry but this wedding reminds me of Oh , sorry . T hisweddingjustreminds me
My so-called faraway girlfriend ofmykinda - sortagirlfriend 9 , 0 0 0 milesaway .
My so-called boyfriend is now addicted to toy trains I haveakinda - sortaboyfriendwho  ' splayingwithamodeltra inrightnow ,
I haven 't complained to you yet youdon  ' thearmebitchingabouti t . Leonard , awordofadvice - - moodyself - obsession
Only suitable for boys who can play guitar isisonlyattractiveinmen who can playguitar and have an edge over you in height andreconsiderablytal lerthanyou . I 'm not depressed I  ' mnotmoody .
I 'm funny I 'mfun.
So do you have any evidence that Youhaveanyevidencetosu pportthatstatement ?
I 'm as funny as you are Well , hey , I  ' mjustasmuchfunasyouar e .
Are you gonna draw a moustache on your fingersReally ? A reyouwillingtodrawamu stacheonyourfinger
Is it used to liven up the atmosphere asaconversationaliceb breaker ?
I will I am .
Ok what do you suggest O kay , fine , whatdoyousuggest ?
We just had a big meal We justhadalovelymeal and now the band is on fire theband . . . isonfire . . .
Next to you is a beautiful lady and you  ' resittingnexttoabeaut ifulwoman with heavy make up like a prostitute wearingwhorishmakeup .
See if I can dance wet and see if I cansweat through thesed ressshields . Again I 'm not really good at dancing O nceagain , I - I  'mreallynotmuchofadanc er .
Don 't worry D on  ' tworry . . . I 'll lead the dance I  'lllead .


The famous 'Chicken Dance' ( ' T he C hicken D ance ' playing )

Howard Howard ?
Are you ready for sleep? Readyforbed?
no i need to brush my teeth but your mom n o . i needtobrushmyteeth , butyourmother  ' s
Has been occupying the toilet for almost an hour, beeninthebathroomfor , like , anhour .
Oh . Well she does have a bit of trouble with that sometimes . Wait Yeah , shesometimeshasproble msdoingherbusiness .
H a n g   o n .
M a , giveup ! Tonight  ' snotyournight !

How did you know I just sat down Youdon 'tknowthat!
I justsatdown ! Comeon , takeabreak !
Bernadette wants to brush her teeth Bernadetteneedstobrush herteeth !
She can come in and brush her teeth, S hecancomeinandbrushhe rteeth!
I don 't mind I 'mnotembarrassed!

Problem solved Problemsolved .
Don 't go in without me No , it  ' snot . I  ' mnotgoinginthere .
It 's okay dear Oh , comeon , honey .
She just sat there reading magazines S he  ' sjustsittingintherere adingamagazine
You can 't see anything you can 't see.
I always go straight in I goinallthetime .
Haha 'Eagle' finally landed Ha!
Report from the first human landing on the moon: The eagle has landed
T h e   e a g l e   h a s   l a n d e d !


And it 's landing in 'The Sea' A ndwehavesplashdown.
Wait a minute I 'm going to light a candle Waite , I  ' mgonnagolightacandle .

Then we come to Passionate Love A ndthenwemakepassionat elove .

Coming soon to T herewego , lastfloor .
I really don 't understand what 's going on I justcan 'tfigureoutwhathappene d.
I put my left leg in and take it out I putmyleftlegin , I took myleftlegout ,
Put it in again and something just snapped I putmyleftlegin , and something just snapped ed .
Juggling is not for your old arms and legs. Thehokeypokeyisayoungm an  ' sgame .
Really happy tonight I didhaveagreattime . Thanks for reminding me T hankyouforremindingme
It 's okay to have fun once in a while it  ' sokaytohavefunonceina while .
You 're welcome You  ' rewelcome . Thank you again for breaking the ice swan 's head A ndalsoforbreakingtheh eadofftheiceswan
Let me put on my strained groin so I couldholditagainstmyp ulledgroin .
I am good at spatial reasoning I excelatspatialreasoni ng ,
At that time, I had a premonition that the graceful curvature of the swan 's neck and I hadahunchthatthegrace fulslopeofitsneck could just do the bracket of your genitals wouldcradleyourgenita lsnicely. I understand thanks again Well, okay.
A g a i n ,   t h a n k   y o u .
No thanks again A ndagain , you  ' rewelcome .
Want to come in for a cup of teaW anttocomein , haveacupoftea ?
No thanks, it 's time for me to go home No , thanks .
I  ' mgonnaheadhome . Okay good night  ' Kay . Well , goodnight .
Good night Goodnight .


Xiaomi hi wedding how A mes , hi .
H o w   w a s   t h e   w e d d i n g ?
Great until I accidentally made Leonard fall in love with me Great .
U n t i l   I   a c c i d e n t a l l y   m a d e   L e o n a r d   f a l l   i n   l o v e   w i t h   m e .
Come in we have to talk about C omein , let  ' stalk .
Do you want a glass of wine? Doyouwantaglassofwine?
Wine is one of the culprits that got me into this predicament Wineisoneofthereasons I  ' minthisfix . Another culprit is the damn pelvis Thatandthisdangpelvis .

ok sorry what 's going on O kay , I  ' msorry , whatexactlyhappened ?
It 's inevitable T heinevitable - - he misses his girlfriend lonely and vulnerable hewaslonelyandvulnera blefrommissinghisgirl friend ,
And I 'm charming and supportive while I wascharming , supportive and face it , in this dress and , let  ' sfaceit , inthisdress , I am the perfect combination of Madonna and whore .
Oh my God did he hit you Oh , God , didhemakeamoveonyou ?
No it 's just a matter of time No , butit  ' sonlyamatteroftime . How could I have not seen this coming ?
Now I have to break the heart of this little fool No I  ' mgonnahavetobreakthel ittlesadsack  ' sheart .
It 's alright I believe he can get through Y eah , I  ' msurehe  ' llbeokay . Penny at best I know Oh , P enny , muchas I wouldtreasureknowingt hat
Both of us were defiled by the same man thetwoofushadbeendefi ledbythesameman,
Leonard just can 't get enough of my sexuality. Leonardjust doesn 'tgetmymotorrunning.

So what do you want to do S o , um , whatareyougonnado ?
Do you want me to tell Leonard to make him feel better Doyouwantmetotalkto L eonard , lethimdowneasy ? Don 't let him dream for a night No o .
I  'lllethimhavetonight . Then tomorrow morning T heninthemorning ,
I 'll email him to let him know I 'llsendhimane - maillettinghimknow
This body cannot be his blissful wonderland thisbodyisnevergonnab ehiswonderland.
Honestly your chances are better than him I mean , frankly , you  ' vegotabettershotthanh edoes .

Leonard Leonard .
Check out C heckitout.
I bought an N gauge train I boughtan N - gaugelocomotive .
N Gauge: Scale 1 : 1 6 0 Gauge 9 mm HO Half the gauge of H - O . HO Gauge: Scale 1 : 8 7 Gauge 1 6 . 5 mm
Look just enough to fit in my mouth Look , itfitsinmymouth .

Looks like you had a great time tonight S ounds like you hadanight . That 's right I did .
- how about you - not bad - How wasyours ?
-   N o t   b a d .
More fun with Amy than I expected I hadalotmore fun with A mythan I thought I would .
W hatexactlydoyoumeanby that
how to help men relax and have fun howto help aguyloosenup and haveagoodtime .
Although honestly my pussy is worn a bit A lthough , truthbetold , mygroin  ' salittleworseforwear .

What are you doing? Why hydidyoudothat ?
I 'm going to tell you she doesn 't belong to youT osendamessage : sheisnotforyou .
What What? She doesn 't belong to you Notforyou!


Good morning, handsome.
Morning Mom Morning , Mom .
It 's me I t  ' sme .

yes you are so beautiful in the morning Yes , itis , and you  ' resoprettyinthemorning .
Your mom and I made breakfast Yourmomand I madeyoubreakfast .
Are you two getting along well? S oyouguysaregettingalo ng ? Pretty much so yeah, I guess .
Howard We are different kinds of people We  ' reverydifferentpeople , Howard ,
It takes a little skill to communicate socommunication  ' salittletricky .
Does he like pancakes? Do oeshe like the pancakes?!
He hasn 't eaten yet He edidn  ' ttrythemyet !

Do you have butter? I sthereanybutter?
It 's butter flavored syrup It 'sbutter-flavoredsyrup.
What are you talking about S o , what  ' stheword ? ! He wants He ewantsbutter !

That 's butter flavored syrup It 'sbutter-flavoredsyrup!
I just told him I justtoldhimthat!



I don 't use butter I don  ' tneedanybutter .
If you want butter, I will get it for you I fyouwantbutter , I  'llgetyoubutter .

It seems that brother can only cut Well , I guess I  ' llcutthesebymyself .

