0 0 : 0 0 : 0 7 , 9 6 0 - -&gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 0 9 , 5 2 0 ‎ (Dr. Jane Milburn, Qualified Therapist) ‎ OMG!


‎ ( Hall 1)

The death!

‎ I 'll be back in ten minutes
‎ please not now

‎ - Mom! ‎ - Otis!
‎ I 'm sorry!

‎ - what? ‎ - Damn! stop now!
‎ I forgot my wallet
‎ NETFLIX Original Series
‎ - About Yesterday‎ - Mom
‎ You don 't need to be shy at all
‎ Masturbation is a normal and healthy behavior‎ You are entering this stage of puberty‎ I am proud of you too
‎ OK, great‎ Can we stop talking?
‎ But this privacy... . .
‎ - Still have to pay attention to the time and occasion‎ - Mom!
‎ I think since it is a shared space in the car, it may not be suitable for that kind of activity
‎ Got it
‎ It is also a crime to expose your genitals in public
‎ I won 't do that again
‎ I promise
‎ Also, I noticed that you have been taking a long shower lately
‎ I know the bathroom is a . . . ‎ safe environment to enjoy‎ but I live here too
‎ I need hot water too
‎ so please remember this
‎ - I will‎ - Wouldn 't that be great?
‎ We 've been frankly talking about so many things lately?
‎ I 'm going out
‎ Say goodbye, son
‎ love you
‎ It 's safe outside
‎ thank you
‎ we have to tell them
‎ Yes, but not now
‎ My relationship with Otis‎ has finally stabilized, plus
‎ He 's just not ready
‎ Good, but not too long

‎ I should have a problem
‎ My body is completely out of control
‎ You discover the wonderful feeling of your penis‎ my friend
‎ this is normal
‎ this is not normal
‎ Last night I looked at the cheese and it was hard
‎ What kind of cheese?
‎ Brie
‎ But I swear, I can see anything hard
‎ Like I was riding my bike the other day, and it got hard for no reason
‎ There are only trees around me
‎ Corduroy pants?
‎ - Yeah, how do you know? ‎ - too much friction
‎But you already have a girlfriend‎ Why keep shooting?
‎ - Euler and I decided to take it slow‎ - dude
‎ Your unboxed sex knowledge is comparable to yoga sex masters
‎ - What are you waiting for? ‎ - I don 't know
‎ I 'm stressed out, okay?
‎ I have strong theory, but no practical experience at all
‎ What if Euler finds out that you are addicted to shooting?
‎ I thought you said it was normal?
‎ hateful
‎ Enjoy the slum bus!
‎ I know, I have to keep trying
‎ Do you want to get a sports scholarship?
‎ think
‎ Then work harder‎ and we 're halfway there
‎ I have to go to the rally
‎ Still no news from Maeve?
‎ No, that 's okay
‎ It 's a new semester, no more outpatient clinics, no more hassle
‎ You can 't give up‎ Think about the position you are about to give up
‎ Knowing people 's secret sex things‎ without making me popular
‎ No, that will make you invincible
‎ It 's better not to talk to the Orati clinic.
‎ - she might think it 's weird‎ - because that 's really weird
‎ - hey‎ - hi
‎ You guys are cute, but stop ‎ This is kinda disgusting
‎ How are you feeling? nervous?
‎ Well, a little
‎ - Is there anything I should know? ‎ - No
‎ Nothing interesting ever happens here
‎ There is a plague!
‎ Don 't let them breathe on you
‎ Why does this look like 'Infernal Affairs'?
‎ - What happened? ‎ - Chlamydia Infection, Everyone Has It
‎ One £5, three £10
‎ Chlamydia is not airborne
‎ You must have had sexual contact with a carrier
‎ They don 't know, don 't let my business fail
‎ Simon . . . you are so immoral
‎ I have to find a school buddy, but I 'm free after lunch
‎ - I 'm free too‎ - Would you like to come to my house to play?
‎ ok
‎ - ok, see you later‎ - bye
‎ - break out‎ - break
‎ - Oops . . . ‎ - Okay


‎ Everyone knows what 'come to play' means
‎ It 's time for your theory, my friend
‎ - how do you know . . . oh my gosh‎ - big wet! I seem to have chlamydia
‎ I read that I should wipe my vagina with bleach‎ Is this true?
‎ I don 't get counseling anymore, but bleach‎ shouldn 't be used on me at all
‎ - Go to your GP‎ - Excuse me, Otto
‎ Can you get chlamydia in your eyes?
‎ My name is Otis‎ If genital fluids get into your eyes‎, you will get infected‎ So there is a chance of chlamydia in the eyes
‎ But I never loved love
‎ That could be conjunctivitis‎ but I 'm not in counseling anymore, please see a doctor
‎ - You have to help them‎ - Why? This. . .
‎ - It doesn 't feel the same without Maeve‎ - Why? what she has to do is so simple
‎ Basically arranging appointments and collecting money‎ I can also help you
‎ I got a B+ in business studies last year
‎ - You never did business studies‎ - It has nothing to do with it
‎ I know, do you think you have chlamydia?
‎ No, my girlfriend said my 'soy milk' ‎ tastes like kimchi
‎ Why is my chicken fermented?
‎ Everyone 's semen tastes different
‎ I can only advise you to eat healthy‎ and eat a balanced diet
‎ but I don 't take counseling anymore‎ so you have to get someone else to help
‎ - Admit it, you really like clinics‎ - listen
‎ Maeve has let it go, so I should let it go too‎ That 's all
‎ okay? don 't mention it

‎ Why are you running away from your true talent?
‎ - I 'm in a hurry. . . ‎ - It 's in your DNA, Otis
‎ Otis!
‎ Yes, we know there 's a commotion in the school
‎ I can assure you that . . .

‎ My dick! ‎ Everything is under the control of the school
‎ Can I call you back again? ‎ Mrs Henratti, thank you
‎ The president is here, she heard about the school
‎ invite her in
‎ Come on! take the mask off

‎ - Maxine! What a rarity‎ - we 're in a bit of trouble, haven 't we?
‎ hemp . . . no such thing‎ everything is under our control
‎ I don 't want to see headlines tomorrow‎ 'Chlamydia Moore outbreak'
‎ So what do we do with it?


‎ Well, I 'm planning an ‎ emergency parent meeting, tonight
‎ We will cut the weeds
‎ very good
‎ I 'm gone
‎ Calling all parents‎ Saying that there is an emergency parent meeting tonight
‎ I am looking for my schoolmate
‎ Hi, I 'm Lily

‎ - I love Tank Girl ‎ - Yeah, it 's a crime to be underrated
‎ There are two black-headed mice mating in the biology lab. Would you like to watch it together after the party?
‎ Their cocks are unexpectedly oversized
‎ ok


‎ So the source is Fiona Brady
‎ she crossbred at music camp‎ and then started passing it on
‎ It is unlikely that so many people are infected with chlamydia
‎ This is typical mass hysteria
‎ What are you doing? you stepped on my foot
‎ sorry‎ - stop‎ - step down



‎ If you were careful
‎ - We never got to this point ‎ - Shut the fuck up!
‎ - Are you really crying? ‎ - you dirty bitch
‎ God, they 're killing Germaine Stewart
‎ At least I 'm not right
‎ stupid bitch
‎ I have to go first, sorry, sorry

‎ sorry
‎ - Don 't push me‎ - It 's all your fault . . .

‎ What a farce
‎ (Maeve, there 's an STD outbreak at school‎ I wish you were there)
‎ yes
‎ Let 's thank the Sopranos
‎ What an outstanding performance
‎ slut
‎ ( ordering place)
‎ (Amy, there 's an STD outbreak at school‎ I wish you were there)
‎ More Chocolate
‎ Sir, I have added you three times
‎ More Chocolate
‎ What are you kidding?

‎ Willie, bring me back!
‎ I see you
‎ Hi Frogface, I 'm Mom
‎ I know who you are, what do you want to do?
‎ - cool? ‎ - I just said I had a problem
‎ Jesus is indeed Lord



‎ Hey, are you okay?
‎ It 's okay, sorry
‎ I got the wrong person . . .
‎ Can I talk to you?
‎ If I don 't admit the chlamydia I passed on to them‎ Martha 's gonna kick me out of the vocal band‎ But it 's not me at all
‎ I checked and I don 't have chlamydia
‎ I am no longer in counseling‎ but I also don 't think everyone has chlamydia
‎ - It 's just mass hysteria‎ - No, they 're really infected
‎ They went to check and got treatment‎ but they think it 's all my fault‎ Now the whole school thinks I am a source of active STDs
‎ I heard Fiona got chlamydia‎ because she played bukkake with five guys

‎ what a slut
‎ please, it 's a real shame, I 'm cornered
‎ Well, this is Eric, he 's scheduling appointments
‎ - He 'll help you schedule ‎ - I haven 't bought a notepad
‎ But I have organizational skills in my head
‎ thank you
‎ Is it true? Tim
‎ You really told Clara‎ you prefer dogs to be with you than her?
‎ is true
‎ Can you explain?
‎ dog‎ much quieter
‎ good
‎Why do you think it was Fiona‎ who got you chlamydia?
‎ She does 3P at music camp
‎ Also during Mozart 's Piano Concerto No. 21‎ helping Samuel Watson with a pistol
‎ and she is known to shove Jammer Jacob 's clarinet up her vagina
‎ Can we stop slut humiliation‎ Fiona?
‎ She had a full sexual health check, and she didn 't have an STD, and neither of you had sex with her, so I don 't understand why you think‎ she passed the chlamydia to you.
‎ Because our timpani‎ are all tainted by her lustful mouth
‎ - Yeah, that 's how we got it‎ - I don 't have chlamydia
‎ How many times do you want me to say this?
‎ - He also said it many times . . . ‎ - Shut up
‎ Shut up!
‎ Even if Fiona is infected with chlamydia‎ even though she doesn 't‎ sharing a pitch tube won 't cause STDs
‎ It 's too late, everyone thinks it 's me anyway
‎ You all have sex, right?
‎ - hmm‎ - multiple sex partners?
‎ - yes‎ - very good
‎ I want you to make a list‎ Write down who you have had sex with recently‎ so we can find the culprit
‎ Then I can tell you that the source is not Fiona
‎ first name
‎ Sober virgins love to read Tolstoy‎ and wait until marriage to fall in love
‎ Then he said ‎ 'Yes, Daddy, but I have to buy a horse'
‎ The cannabis group can 't even remember their own name‎ and also think that the climax of comedy is farting

‎ Tiancai Tuan dominates us with fear and cold blood
‎ - Suspenders look great‎ - Thanks
‎ - don 't look at them‎ - but he likes my suspenders
‎ He doesn 't like any suspenders

‎ - Which regiment is he from? ‎ - I don 't know
‎ But I just had a small orgasm‎ He 's French

‎ I heard he is the son of a Middle Eastern prince
‎ I heard he was the adopted son of Kinkadashia 's mother 's secret adoption
‎ He 's going to be my boyfriend, understand?

‎ get on me
‎ We talked to Luke Henrati and Neil Spencer‎ and they all checked and they were not infected

‎ Martha says she 's only kissed Tom Baker‎ so he can be ruled out
‎ OMG, Otis
‎ Otis . . .
‎ Otis!
‎ for what?
‎ The most handsome man I 've ever seen just passed by me ‎ You missed it because of chlamydia

‎ So there is only one name left on the list
‎ True or false?

‎ Xiaojie, I 'm Xiaoou
‎ It 's Otis
‎ - What do you want? ‎ - Well . . .
‎ We want to know if you gave chlamydia‎ to the vocal group
‎ - what? ‎ - We want to know . . .
‎ It seems. . . ‎ You were in a relationship with Martha and Kwan‎ and they both got chlamydia
‎ - So I just thought . . . ‎ - I 'll have sex with a condom
‎ I also checked, do you want to see the results?
‎ - not necessarily‎ - good
‎ That 's what we 're here for, Jackson Marchetti
‎ give it to me
‎ thank you
‎ - I believe in you‎ - yes, but you still have to see
‎ He is not infected, he is not recruited?
‎ Well, it 's alright
‎ Thank you for caring so much about my sex life
‎ By the way, say hi to Maeve for me

‎ I haven 't seen her yet
‎Why does Jackson hate you?
‎ shut up
‎ bro, you are hard again
‎ Did chlamydia or Jackson make you hard?

‎ - Your sister has grown up, right? ‎ - half sister
‎ You are all born to me, you are sisters
‎ So you brought her back?
‎ She was only staying at her grandma 's house for a while‎ that was temporary
‎ I suddenly appeared, you should be scared, right?
‎ hmm
‎ My Detox Anonymous is already step nine
‎ I want to make amends for those past . . .
‎ Those who have hurt, you have succumbed to, Erin
‎ Don 't call me Erin, I 'm your mom
‎ This time is different
‎ I have a very good partner‎ I have been detoxing for a year
‎ I want to wait until I really settle down and come back ‎ That 's why I show up
‎ Thank you so much for putting me in your itinerary
‎ Some things remain the same
‎ You should find that a lot has changed, Erin
‎ Eat without talking
‎ Did you know? ‎ I don 't think now is a good time to make amends
‎ You haven 't finished your hamburger yet

‎ Are you sure there is no one at home? ‎ OK

‎ Come on! ‎ - Is this possible? ‎ - can


‎ Is that possible?
‎ that can


‎ - Why is there no response? ‎ - Don 't know, just continue . . . ‎ Is it my relationship?



‎ No, not because of you, maybe just . . .

‎ - Why can 't you get hard? ‎ - don 't know
‎ - I 'm sorry, I can 't do it‎ - I 'm sorry, please come back


‎ Otis! Watch out for the stairs!
‎ - Are you okay? ‎ - damn
‎ - Otis! ‎ - Mom!
‎ What 's the situation?
‎ - Dad? ‎ - what?
‎ - sorry‎ - son
‎ What are you doing now?
‎ sorry
‎ sorry
‎ We don 't want our relationship to affect your relationship
‎ - Relationship? ‎ - Your mom is dating me
‎ My mom doesn 't have a boyfriend
‎ tell him, mom
‎ I 'm dating Jacob
‎ What does it mean? Is it a gun buddy?
‎ - Otis‎ - Son, this . . . ‎ is not a buddy relationship

‎ What do you want to say?
‎ It 's safe here‎ You can speak out any negative thoughts
‎ You are dating my girlfriend 's dad
‎ I 'm just starting to feel‎ as a normal teenager‎ and now you make me feel like a freak!
‎ - Otis‎ - It 's okay
‎ he will figure it out
‎ This is a good thing
‎ Can I block a cigarette with you?
‎ You should not smoke in front of your children
‎ I 'm doomed to ruin her anyway‎ What does a little secondhand smoke matter?
‎ I know you don 't believe me‎ but this time is really different
‎ That 's right
‎ I found this
‎ - You 've always liked shiny things‎ - Ugly to death
‎ please, this is for you
‎ I 'd dye my hair pink when I was your age
‎ How do you suddenly have money to buy gifts?
‎ I have a relationship
‎ His name is James‎ We met at Rehab Anonymous
‎He got off the drug and now he 's helping me get back on track
‎ He really understands how difficult it is to quit drugs
‎ You 're not going to bed with him, are you?
‎ - You are exaggerating‎ - He is no longer my partner
‎ I have a new partner
‎ This time I 'm really serious
‎ Mommy will come over later, my dear daughter
‎ He is also nice to Essie
‎ He likes children
‎ Does James know me and Sean?
‎ Of course he doesn 't know
‎ - So you always have to sell pretzels? ‎ - No, I 'm still studying
‎ - I won 't drop out of school like you ‎ - also
‎ You memorized the English alphabet when you were about one year old
‎ super scary
‎ I promise to tell him about you and Sean
‎ You can 't believe your promise, Erin
‎ I quit
‎ No, you are fired!
‎ Good night, Morday parents
‎ Our children are dying!

‎ no one dies
‎ How do you save them?

‎ We encourage all students to receive antibiotics‎ and will also re-educate them about safer sex
‎ everything will be fine
‎ Teenagers don 't listen to people!
‎ How will schools re-educate them?

‎ It 's safer to re-educate them . . .
‎ Say ah . . .
‎ Sexuality
‎ I believe the current situation‎ is a mass STD hysteria‎ not a chlamydia outbreak
‎ The disease is not airborne
‎ during unsafe sex‎ through genital fluid exchange
‎ But more serious is the misperception of the disease
‎ This misunderstanding‎ is also hidden under shame and misunderstanding
‎ This is the real reason why people are so hysterical
‎ That 's right
‎ So what will the principal do?

‎ We will go back to our school 's hardened ‎ sex education syllabus
‎ Principal, talk the ugly first ‎ Your syllabus is useless
‎ As a Sexual Health Professional‎ I recommend that you review the curriculum‎ and design a curriculum‎ to equip our teens with the right tools
‎ to make oneself immune to this baseless prejudice
‎ What tools are you talking about?
‎ Three points
‎ trust
‎ to talk
‎ follow the truth
‎ This is exactly what we need!
‎ That 's it

‎ That 's right. . . thank you all
‎ You 're so sexy when you 're passionate
‎ okay
‎ Of course he has a training plan, Rose
‎ The coach says he has to concentrate
‎ Since he broke up with the girl‎, he has been very inattentive
‎ This is his first breakup, and it 's normal
‎ I told you this long ago‎ We shouldn 't let them date
‎ like it was my fault
‎ What? Could this be on you too?
‎ - I live in this house too‎ - Who doesn 't know
‎ You 're right, Mom
‎ I have been unable to concentrate properly
‎ But I really want to keep trying‎ I 'll make you guys proud of me too
‎ both of you
‎ I promise
‎ so please‎ stop fighting
‎ (George Eliot, Weaver Manan, Virginia Woolf, Own Room)
‎ (We should all be feminists!)

‎ Otis, so. . .
‎ Remember the innate organizational skills in my head?
‎ Today you have three clinics
‎ But I don 't know where, when and who
‎ - What are you doing? ‎ - I 'm sorry, don 't blame me
‎ I will start writing
‎ - Who 's next on the chlamydia list? ‎ - each of us asked
‎ They all said they were not infected
‎ At least we tried
‎ Rumors will die down eventually
‎ - Who do you think passed it on to you? ‎ - Must be Fiona from that choir
‎ She has an affair with all the boys in the school
‎ she 's super dirty
‎ We have to talk to them again
‎ Speaking of sensational time‎ How were you and Euler yesterday?
‎ I don 't want to talk
‎ Why? What 's wrong?
‎ not good
‎ Something must have happened
‎ how 's it going?

‎ - Euler and I try to . . . ‎ - Love love?
‎ No, but we didn 't know what to do after we kissed‎ So she . . .
‎ - Help you shoot? ‎ - but I can 't . . .
‎ - hard up‎ - so I was thinking
‎Did I shoot too hard? That 's why my penis can 't get hard
‎ Eric, this is not funny
‎ Who is there?
‎ what you 're talking about is embarrassing‎ so I don 't want to bother you‎ it 's going to be embarrassing
‎ You gotta wash your hands, you dirty bastard
‎ I have no bowel movements
‎ I am crying

‎ Well, then I hope you feel better
‎ thank you
‎ This guy is weird
‎ practice well
‎ good
‎ come on
‎ very good
‎ Do! Damn it! Goddamn!
‎ go to the coach, who will call the ambulance

‎ No . . .
‎ Chlamydia
‎ Smallpox is gone, Mrs Gibbs
‎ Can I call you back again?
‎ - Willie, you are not allowed on campus‎ - Please listen to me
‎ I know you don 't think so‎ but I deserve a second chance
‎ You 're right about my family‎ I did screw it up, too, but I don 't want to be like them
‎ I know I can do better
‎ I believe I am also a very important asset to your school
‎ How to say?
‎ These student essays that dramatically boosted grade point averages
‎Every article is written by me
‎ leave my office now
‎ You will know when you read it
‎ If you let me go back to school, I will keep it a secret‎ I will not disclose the fact that your school is full of scammers
‎ If you don 't leave immediately‎ I will call the police
‎ What 's the matter?
‎ The president is here again, she wants to see the new gym
‎ Willie, get out
‎ - you are back‎ - just to meet someone
‎ - You dyed your hair‎ - You are very observant
‎ How are you? I
‎ miss you
‎ You hurry up and go to class
‎ yes
‎ good
‎ Have you switched to the Gothic route? bird biting girl
‎ You must be lost ‎ The pretzel shop is over there in the mall
‎ That is to say
‎ I just saw Carl Mason using your car as a skateboard ramp
The dead
‎ Take off your masks, guys, oh my god
‎ But teacher‎ Fiona will spread chlamydia to everyone
‎ Tell them it 's not true
‎ Aren 't you supposed to support me?
‎ to take care of her
‎ hurry up
‎ Well, who wants to know about molecules?
‎ Good afternoon, everyone from Morday
‎ I 'm your former classmate Maeve Willie
‎ I will read your excellent award-winning essays to you
‎ Let 's start with Ruby Matthews ' A 's essay on Shakespeare 's relationship to women 's empowerment
‎ A masterpiece, right? Ruby
‎ But you don 't know, because this is what I wrote
‎ - Okay, so . . . ‎ - Come on, teacher, they 're fighting
‎ Fight!
‎ Starting to examine these issues through the theme of marriage‎ is most effective‎ as this is the function that most of Shakespeare 's heroines are allowed to perform within this framework
‎ The women in Othello and Much Ado About Nothing‎ want to control who they marry‎ or whether they must marry
‎ Desdemona decides to marry Othello despite her father 's objections
‎ This example is so unique‎ that it is almost transcendent
‎ Maeve, what are you doing?
‎ - I have nothing to lose anyway‎ - Willie!
‎ What the hell is going on here?
‎ it 's fine
‎ Just reading some for fun‎ No plagiarism, excellent and high-scoring composition
‎ What does she mean?
‎ Are you going to tell her, or am I coming?
‎ Every year we read out the top-scoring student essays‎ to celebrate Morday 's achievements
‎ This is Maeve Willie‎ One of our brightest students
‎ She also recently joined our gifted class
‎ So you have students‎ read their essays aloud during class?
‎ That 's right
‎ This is . . . tradition
‎ This tradition is extremely unwise‎ We should stop now
‎ STD outbreaks disrupt classrooms
‎ Excuse me, what 's next?
‎ Not the teacher but the little monkey? Creationism?
‎ There are simply no school rules

‎ Maeve, you can go
‎ - Mr. Shanz . . . ‎ - I think President
‎ Must be very interested in how your son cheated to get the big prize‎ and you know it
‎ Maeve is going back to school, and that 's it

‎ This is so violent, I 'm going to find someone to help
‎ There 's nothing scarier than girls fighting
‎ - what? ‎ - I 'm looking for someone
‎ Otis! Let me . . . y 'all get out of the way, Otis
‎ we have to do something
‎ - Aren 't they going to kill each other? ‎ - No way
‎ When I said 'we' I actually meant you‎ Come on!
‎ Don 't! Why?
‎ Ladies and gentlemen, sorry to bother you, can you please stop calling?
‎ Eric!
‎ - What 's the situation now? ‎ - Guan and Martha
‎ Thought Fiona gave them the chlamydia‎ but it wasn 't her
‎ We asked the boys they slept with‎ and they were all fine, you see

‎ God bless him
‎ - Why isn 't Owen on this? ‎ - Who is Owen?
‎ - that guy‎ - what? The boring guy from the vocal band?
‎ Yes, Guan and Martha slept with him for years
‎He was always crying in the toilet‎ and they didn 't want to make it public
‎ - So how do you know? ‎ - because I know everything
‎ Gotta help Otis
‎ Omg, no more delays


‎ - you slut‎ - bitch
‎ slut
‎ You gave me chlamydia
‎ No. . .
‎ Otis!
‎ Otis?
‎ Yay!
‎ I 'm sorry. . .
‎ be louder
‎ Use the strength of Dantian
‎ go
‎ Owen has something to tell you, right? Owen
‎ What 's wrong?
‎ It was me who passed on chlamydia to Martha
‎ After I found out I had it, I went to treatment
‎ but I didn 't tell them‎ I may have passed it on to them

‎ - Why didn 't you say it? ‎ - Why didn 't you say it?
‎ They 've already been ashamed of having sex with me
‎ Obviously because I 'm boring and not cool
‎ Letting them know I have an STD will only make things worse
‎ There is nothing to be ashamed of with chlamydia
‎ - but it 's wrong to hide‎ - but it 's wrong to hide
‎ Everyone has flaws‎ Our bodies do uncontrollable things too
‎ But we can always choose to confess
‎ I think you deserve better than an underground lover, Owen
‎ But you have to be honest with your sexual partner later
‎ This is the most important
‎ I will
‎ Then. . . ‎ Maybe you should also tell your girlfriend that you are addicted to guns
‎ The truth will set you free
‎ I didn 't ask your opinion
‎ To be fair, I didn 't ask your opinion
‎ You 've had enough trouble today‎ You go

‎ Owen
‎ You don 't have to say that
‎ This school is so messed up‎ If you can 't fix it, you 're gone
‎ I will come to supervise every month‎ Hope things get better
‎ understand
‎ very good
‎ Hi, Principal Grove
‎ I just want to know when Adam will be back
‎ He 's not coming back
‎ - Oh‎ - Don 't worry, Eric
‎ My son won 't bully you again
‎ good
‎ thank you
‎ Why is he talking to her? ‎ Do French people like ugly noses?
‎ I like your shirt
‎ I like your shirt too, Eric
‎ Yes, it 's not really ugly
‎ - hi‎ - hey
‎ we have to talk
‎ Yes. . .

‎ sorry
‎ What happened to you?
‎ I must be too addicted to shooting
‎ Because I 'm just having fun‎ but I can 't stop‎ I probably broke my penis too‎ because I shoot too much
‎ That 's why we fail

‎ okay
‎ If you want to break up with me, I can understand
‎ You are really special, Otis‎ but I don 't want to break up with you
‎ It was a new experience for both of us
‎ Let 's find a way together
‎ okay?
‎ good
‎ Don 't kiss my daughter!

‎ Just kidding, I 'm coming to your mom
‎ sorry
‎ Jackson
‎ Your metacarpal is broken
‎ The cast will take about six weeks
‎ You can 't swim right now, sorry
‎ - Who can fill out some forms with me? ‎ - good
‎ What 's the matter?
‎ Mom, I 'm fine
‎ I 'm just distracted
‎ It was just a stupid accident
‎ okay
‎ silly kid
‎ (Feminist Defense, Mary Wollstonecraft)
‎ (until I tell him)
‎ So you want me to get the paint over there?
‎ yes
‎ hi
‎ Need help?
‎ I didn 't ask for your help again, no

‎ It looks like we are neighbors, I 'm Joe
‎ The ungrateful naive Isaac
‎ I 'm Maeve, I 'm afraid of noise
‎ good
‎ Otis, it 's been too long!
‎ I 'm afraid there is no hot water
‎ If you want, I 'll show you the water heater
‎ - Vegetable juice? ‎ - I don 't want
‎ gosh
‎ I 'm Jane Milburn
‎ Jane, I 'm President of Morday‎ Maxine Terrenton
‎ Sorry for calling so early, I also attended the parent-teacher conference
‎ I totally agree with you
‎ Sex education in our school sucks‎ needs a re-examination
‎ If you need, I can recommend a few candidates‎ to help revise the syllabus
‎ Or are you in charge?

‎ brother
‎ We cured the chlamydia

‎ Which group is Maeve from?
‎ She was a loner, but then she ran a sex therapy clinic with Otis‎ and they were tired of being together all day.
‎ Now she 's back‎ Don 't know if they 'll stay in business
‎ You know it 's hard to give counseling without Maeve, right?
‎ She is the key to your entire idiosyncratic clinic
‎ So it will end
‎I 've known you since you were nine‎ and talking to people about their genitals‎ is the happiest moment I 've ever seen you
‎ I thought you were there to improve your status
‎ I 'm pretty good on my own
‎ go talk to her
‎ go
‎ - hey‎ - hi
‎ Do you want to come back to work?
‎ Back to work?
‎ I created the outpatient clinic
‎ Now I 'm not interested
‎ I need you
‎ You didn 't want to join in the first place, Otis
‎ Why not just forget it?
‎ Because we are doing well
‎ and
‎ I also learned something‎ I know it sounds silly
Confidence
‎ I 'll let you smoke a little more, 5 5 %
‎ - 7 0   ‎ - 6 0
‎ deal
‎ - It 's all about making money‎ - That 's right
‎ It feels good to go back to your old business


‎ Subtitle translation: Lin Nianzhen
