





0 0 : 0 2 : 0 2 , 2 4 7 - -&gt; 0 0 : 0 2 : 0 3 , 9 1 5 ‎ Jimmy? ‎ hmm
‎ it 's me
‎ I 'm fine



‎ NETFLIX Original Series‎ (Angelo Gas Station)
‎ Are you sure?
‎ Well, then you stay where you are. If you have any questions, call me
‎ It seems that no one has been there. The government people must not have been there.

‎ A couple of flatbed trailers are on the way‎ and they 'll clean up there
‎ Like nothing ever happened ‎ Where 's the guy who 's stalking you?
‎ We 're lucky if we can find him
‎ You have to find him he is there

‎ don 't sleep yet
‎ We have to figure out what to say

‎ okay come on
‎ ( Bail Payment Office )



‎ De Guzman Jose


‎ - Seven million dollars? ‎ - yes


‎ I 'm fine
‎ seven million
‎ Your client took out $7 million‎ Where did the money come from? ‎ Where does the client 's money come from? This is not the question I should ask
‎ Who are your clients?
‎ Jose de Guzman


‎ hey come over
‎ This is extra

‎ How did Mr. Nad Guzman arrange it?
‎ ( Metropolitan Detention Center)

‎ You must have a say
‎ There is a problem with the car
‎ Broken about ten kilometers from the junction point
‎ Do you know where there is no cell phone signal?
‎ the car broke down
‎ For Sudden Breakdown‎ (District Corrections Center‎ 415 Ave. NW, Rome)
‎ So. . .
‎ How did it take so long? ‎ It 's not too far from the main road
‎ Can 't you just hitch a ride back?
‎ I thought about it but you know ‎ I brought seven million dollars in cash
‎ I 'm a little worried about being robbed
‎ I don 't think it 's worth the risk
‎ So I walked north
‎ It might not be the smartest way to do it ‎ But I spent a night in the desert and finally came out


‎ You did it right ‎ Hey you did well know what?

‎ Anyway, I wouldn 't be too happy to hear it.
‎ Seven million is really eye-watering
‎ they are investigating you
‎ I don 't know how long 'José de Guzmán' will last with this fake identity
‎Hey listen, wait for these idiots to find out‎ I 'm gone

‎ I would have been back in Mexico by then, you know?
‎ good
‎ Hey! hey but don 't worry you and me? Our cooperation is not over yet
‎ We want to do things together
‎ You are a friend of a drug cartel, right?
‎ - yes‎ - good


‎ Hey my two cousins ​​did they give you money?
‎ gave
‎ very good
‎ Be sure to buy your wife a present‎ God she 's so pretty, right? ‎ My . . . my what?
‎ Yes! she came to me
‎ hey, how many times are you
‎ I mean you got such a good wife . . .
‎ You 're amazing man
‎ I admire you, you know?



‎ let me come
‎ Okay
‎ God Jimmy you gotta go to the ER
‎ I 'm fine when I was at the truck stop‎ already cleaned
‎ Well, then you at least get some fluids, okay? ‎ You are dehydrated
‎ No I don 't need an infusion‎ I 've been pumping sports drinks non-stop
‎ - I 'm really fine‎ - ok
‎ go, you gotta take a bath‎ to soothe your skin



‎ What is this? Wheat cream?
‎ Oatmeal is an oatmeal bath with anti-inflammatory effects
‎ Also soothes your sunburn

‎ - Is the temperature okay? ‎ - Well yes
‎ Are you sure?
‎ OK
‎ Ok, would you like something to eat or drink?
‎ no need for nothing
‎ I just want to sit for a while








‎ I can 't believe you 're in the desert by yourself‎ walked 3 6 hours
‎ I . . . I can 't even think about it
‎ yes
‎ by myself


‎ So. . .
‎ Do you have anything to tell me?
‎ - About what? ‎ - Lalo
‎ You went to see Lalo? ‎ yes
‎ Jimmy I can 't call the police‎ So I have to ask Lalo. . . .
‎ Kim, you have to stay away from people like Lalo
‎ - Jimmy . . . ‎ - You can 't go to Lalo‎ Can only I go to Lalo?
‎ - I 'm on board but you haven 't‎ - What?
Shipboard?
‎ it 's safe to listen to me
‎ I went to the Metropolitan Detention Center surrounded by guards‎ Is it as good as other lawyers to see clients?
‎ but he is not your client
‎ He is my client‎ so you must stay away from him
‎ Jimmy I 'm so worried about you
‎ I 'm worried about you too
‎ Kim when I was in the desert. . . .

‎ I thought I couldn 't hold on
‎ I thought I was done
‎ I almost gave up
‎ The only thing that keeps me going. . .
‎ Just know you 're waiting for me
‎ so. . . ‎ good
‎ I will never see Lalo again‎ Okay
‎ good




‎ Been through this... . .
‎ Do you think it 's worth it?
‎ Go and see what 's in the bag‎ The bag in the living room
‎ on a chair‎ a grey bag



‎ Did you see it?
‎ Saw Jimmy
‎ I see
‎ All my hard work is worth it



‎ (Brother Fried Chicken)
‎ Six people and three vehicles fully armed
‎ I guess they followed Salamanca all the way. The two cousins ​​came from Chihuahua.
‎ They want to steal money but don 't want to fight the two brothers
‎ I 'm not an expert, but they have tattoos on them, the same ones I saw when I was on a mission to the east.
‎ A Colombian gangster‎ Draw me



‎ These people are employed
‎ Who is the employer?
‎ ( Hidalgo Golf Course)
(Player 1 Distance - Ball Speed ​​- Carry) ( Club - Smash Factor Launch Angle)

‎ You must have heard the good news
‎ What good news for Gustavo?
‎ Our colleague was released by the US government
‎ He 's free despite paying sky-high bail
‎ Someone told me he would go home and continue to run the group
‎ That 's good news but you 're coming south? ‎ That 's right
‎ Posting bail is the only way to keep him out of jail
‎ It 'll be back to normal
‎ I believe your bad luck is over
‎ Bad luck?
‎ Drug Enforcement Administration fire and arrests
‎ I wish it were all over
‎ Yes I believe the next few weeks‎ will be the best time for us
‎ Great I will share the good news with others

‎ Thank you and have a good evening


‎ I just spoke to the man behind this attack
‎ Do we need to watch out for that person?
‎ He just wanted to protect our business by
‎ protect his own business
‎ If he did it to help . . .
‎ He has no idea of ​​our goals
‎ When Salamanca is south of the border‎ Our actions must be blameless
‎ As long as it harms me, I will never be soft-hearted
‎ Okay, what 's the matter?
‎ One more thing we need to discuss

‎ Nachu Varga he doesn 't want to do it anymore
‎ He did everything we asked him to do ‎ He kept his promise
‎ Time to let him catch his breath
‎ I don 't think you can give up this pawn
‎ Until Salamanca 's problem is solved‎ Varga is useless
‎ He was their only agent in the North
‎If he disappears, nothing will happen to the Salamanca family

‎ Varga has to stay first
‎ It is best to control your opponents without their knowledge

‎ But you threatened his father with his life
‎ I disagree with this
‎ If you want to keep Varga for a long time
‎ I don 't think fear is a good motivation
‎ The dog that has bitten all its owners . . .
‎ Can only be restrained with an iron fist
‎ Otherwise, there is only one dead end

‎ He 's cooking business tonight
‎ Tomorrow morning he 'll go and say goodbye to Hector
‎ Then I would drive him to the south ‎ but he didn 't tell me where to go
‎ I only know that after I put him down
‎ There will be someone over there to pick him up ‎ Is that so?
‎ Yes hey . . .
‎ It 's all over when he gets there, right? ‎ Will he die?
‎ Just do what you are told, don 't worry about it






‎ hey
‎ Are you hungry?
‎ Is it okay to drink oatmeal? ‎ Or shall I make you an omelet?
‎ Oatmeal is probably the safest option for my stomach‎ - ok‎ - I 'll do it
‎ Don 't need me to come to you . . .
‎ you have a good rest




‎ Are you going to the law firm later today?
‎ I think it 's better to stay at home
‎ Kim I can take care of myself
‎ I 'm on sick leave‎ so you can just stay with me




‎ Damn it!
‎ bad
‎ - I 'm sorry‎ - it 's okay
‎ I guess my stomach is not ready to eat
‎ it 's fine

‎ it 's nothing





‎ Are you sure you don 't have to go to work?
‎ sure to me we all have to relax
‎ How about a peaceful day?
‎ Actually, that sounds like a good idea
‎ hey skinny
‎ - Hello Ruth‎ - Maisie is here‎ How are you? Tell me is the lord of the universe there?
‎ Well he is there but in a bad mood‎ Someone must have stole the crown jewel
‎ - Shall we help you spread the word? ‎ - I don 't have to do it myself
‎Bruce you better wait here‎ I 'll be back in ten minutes
‎ Ten minutes without seeing you is too long for me
‎ - What did you say? ‎ - what?
‎ - that . . . ‎ - say ah
‎ Say it
‎ I just said I won 't see you in ten minutes‎ It 's too long for me
‎I heard it the first time‎ but I liked it so let you say it again
‎ I can 't stand being spoiled‎ The gentleman I 'm going to see isn 't spoiled at all
‎ I want to spoil him once‎ Are you sure you don 't need me to accompany you?
‎ - I can do it myself‎ - If something goes wrong, I will support you



‎ Hi Hilda welcome back
‎ Saul Goodman Gets You Fast Justice

‎ sorry not today . . . not today‎ I can 't help you

‎ That 's right

‎ Wait what did they say?
‎ you are . . .
‎ You wait for me 4 5 minutes I can make it
‎ What? Jimmy can 't
‎ tell  'em I 'm on my way
‎ Jimmy‎ You can 't even walk, what are you doing?
‎ It 's my client who 's in big trouble

‎ They want to reject his plea deal‎ because his brother brought marijuana
‎ What? All right
‎ Then apply for an extension and you don 't have to do it today
‎ No, this guy is going to be scared to death
‎ I can 't wait to die

‎ Jimmy listen I know you 're lying
‎ I know you 've been through bad things in the desert


‎ This has nothing to do with our agreement‎ I am not insisting or forcing you to tell me
‎ I am... . .
‎ I hope you know I will support you
‎ Can you tell me please?
‎ I won 't judge you
‎ You don 't judge
‎ you 're right‎ something did happen

‎ When I was in the desert . . .
‎ Having to drink one 's own urine
‎ I ran out of water to survive‎ I had to drink urine
‎ that . . . ok that 's it so. . .
‎ Okay listen . . .
‎ I 'll recover‎ We don 't have to talk about it again‎ I 'll change my clothes and go out





‎ Kim, are you feeling better?
‎ It 's okay, it 's over
‎ I thought I should come over‎ Preparing for the Colorado conference
‎ They moved to this morning ‎ Stef has dealt with it
‎ Didn 't the Boulder City Commission hold back?
‎ Stef fixed the conditional use ‎ Everything continues
‎ wow this is so good

‎ great
‎ That . . .
‎ okay
‎ You want to write to the planning committee in Broomfield‎
‎ That 's right
‎ I 'll write it now‎ If you can give me the names of those people
‎ - the list is on your table‎ - no problem great


‎ First letter to Mr. Anad Bakaris‎ Chair of Planning Zoning Committee
‎ Also CC the Vice President
‎ Erin Perlman since she was about to write
‎ Dear Mr. Bakaris
‎ Mesa Verde Bank &amp; Trust‎ Submit the following request for your consideration
‎ About Resolutions . . .
‎ PZ 2 0 0 4 - 3 6 Change Application
‎ The request involves a depth of 1.98 meters. . .
‎ Drill down to post-blocking minimum. . . .
‎ The post-blocking minimum is . . .
‎ About drive-thru awnings . . . ‎ Don 't write this for convenience . . .
‎ Arrive at 841 North St. . . . ‎ Property‎ Can you call his assistant‎ and ask him what he is doing?

‎ Kim they told me you were sick today‎ right I . . . Richie can we talk? ‎ Are you all right?
‎ It 's okay, I 'll just say a few words to you‎ Okay

‎ What 's the matter?
‎ I . . .






‎ What?




‎ Marcy, can you do me a favor?
‎ Make copies of all public interest case materials‎ and send the originals to my office
‎ By the way, don 't worry about it, but put my degree certificate and photo in the box
‎ Are we moving the office?
‎ I don 't want you to worry that I talked to Richie ‎ You will be reassigned to other partners
‎ Wait to reassign?
‎ They will definitely want to take the keys back
‎ I parked the car in the old place
‎ If I drop something, put it in the box


‎ Thank you Marcy

‎ - Good luck‎ - Kim . . .





‎ listen
‎ The police will be looking for me for months
‎ maybe a year
‎ Then the limelight passed, and it was like this before
‎ before that
‎ Ignacio or others‎ they will help you with whatever you need
‎ Uncle please don 't do this
‎ We still have many ways to fight Flynn
‎ When I get home‎ I 'll blow Elidio 's ear every day
‎ I 'll make sure he hates that chicken guy
‎ by then
‎ Flynn no matter what . . .
‎ It 's all ours
‎ Took will be out of jail in 11 months ‎ He 'll take care of things here
‎ I know Touk he 's a grumpy
‎ Every time he takes medicine, he will... . .
‎ We 'll make sure someone is watching him
‎ He will quit his addiction
‎ hi hello
‎ We 're about to get Louis ' birthday cake out ‎ He 's one of our patients here
‎ Everybody sings Hecht don 't want to miss it
‎ Can we say a few more words?



‎ Family First

‎ Ok guys
‎ happy birthday to you
‎ happy birthday to you
‎ Happy birthday dear Louise
‎Happy birthday to you‎ Where are you going?
‎ Let 's go to the border
‎ ( Quiet Home Nursing Home)



‎ Hey, that 's rare. ‎ What 's the matter with you?
‎ hey listen don 't feel guilty‎ you can 't win every time
‎ But the case just now? ‎ God I thought I was going to lose
‎ I have no chance at all
‎ But the way you were just now
‎ The duck to the mouth just flew like that
‎ The ball is in your hand to the scoreline
‎ But you missed it!
‎ Law students will surely cite ‎ 'The Goodman Rout' as a classic case
‎ At least this is useful
‎ Think about how many children you will help realize‎ when there is little chance of success
‎ What not to do
‎It 's so embarrassing‎ You may have to change your name again

‎ Hey remember I don 't look down on you
‎ You are still a lawyer



‎ You can start talking anytime
‎ You said it would all pass so how long would it take?
‎ I guess it varies from person to person
‎ When will this end for me?
‎ It 's going to be like this
‎ One day . . .
‎ One day you wake up
‎ Eat breakfast, brush your teeth and go to work
‎ sooner or later
‎ you will realize
‎ You didn 't think about that anymore‎ You didn 't think about anything‎ It was then
‎ You will realize that you forget too‎ When you know you can forget, it will be much easier
‎ But what about you? But . . . ‎ didn 't the events of that day bother you?
‎ Those who want to steal seven million don 't matter to me
‎ Not to mention they want to shoot you in the head
‎ We are with them either you die or I live ‎ It 's that simple
‎ They also got on board
‎ What about Fred?
‎ The guy from the travel agency
‎ Is he on board too?

‎ no
‎ That thing with him really shouldn 't have happened
‎ Yeah Lalo
‎ Lalo killed him why did he do that?
‎ He killed the man and we helped him

‎ All this shit is for . . .
‎ Just to keep him out of jail‎ and get away with it?
‎ It 's not over yet
‎ What do you mean by that?
‎ 'It 's not over' What are you talking about? ‎ Am I getting it right? What will happen to Lalo? ‎ I didn 't say that
‎ God, why am I in this muddy water?
‎ - listen tell me what you mean . . . ‎ - listen

‎ We all make choices
‎ Those choices lead us down a certain path
‎ Sometimes those choices seem small‎ but they are enough to set you down a certain path
‎ you want to leave

‎ But in the end you 'll come back
‎ the road that took us out of the desert‎ everything that happened there
‎ all brought us here
‎ Nothing can . . .
‎ Nothing can change this fact
‎ you understand? ‎ It 's incredible. . . .
‎ It 's incredible that there are more than 1 billion people on earth
‎ I can only talk to you about this


‎ Use me to wait with you?
‎ no
‎ they 'll be there soon
‎ Really, let 's go
‎ Are you sure?
‎ OK
‎ listen I 'll keep in touch with you
‎ Hey that fire you set in the Fulin store . . .
‎ Well done man‎ We have more tricks
‎ you will know

‎ sounds good






‎ Take me back and slow down
‎ Why?
‎ Just listen to me‎ About 10 kilometers to 11 kilometers back


‎ What are we looking for?
‎ The lawyer said his car broke down
‎ What about the car about 10 kilometers away from the joint point?
‎ wow drop me off





‎ let 's go
‎ Back to Albuquerque
‎ What about Marco and Linel?
‎ What do they do? ‎ I will tell them to go






Good rice?
‎ Are you okay?
‎ What time is it?
‎ half past six
‎ Excuse me, do you want to sleep a little longer?
‎ No, I have to get up
‎ You can still see a doctor, you know? ‎ It 's okay to check it out
‎ I 'm fine
‎ I just want something to eat
‎ I haven 't eaten since. . .
‎ Since a long time ago
‎ good
‎ Maybe you have to take your time and drink some soup first
‎ I 'm okay, Kim is really okay
‎ I know
‎ that 's good‎ good
‎ How about you? How do you look . . . ‎ worried?

‎ Nothing is just... . .
‎ I have something to tell you but not in a hurry
‎ - I 'll go make you something to eat first ‎ - What?
‎ - What news? ‎ - not bad news
‎ So good news?
‎ to me
‎ great then let me hear



‎ I . . .
‎ I resigned from Schweickart &amp; Cockley
‎ I also gave up on Mesa Verde


‎ Why don 't we have something to eat
‎ wait a minute
‎ What 's going on? ‎ Is someone talking about what we do? ‎ - No‎ - Is that because of Richie?
‎ No one talks‎ I just feel like I should do that‎ 'Should do that' What? ‎ What does this say? ‎ I . . .
‎ I kept . . . I kept pushing Mesa Verde away for pro bono cases and . . .
‎ when you are gone
‎ I don 't know what happened I mean I . . .
‎ I thought you were dead so...


‎ These things . . . all helped me


‎ helped me get my point across
‎ So you 're giving up? ‎ You have worked hard to get to where you are today
‎ I didn 't give up on my achievements‎ I worked at Schweickart &amp; Cockley
‎ I also served Mesa Verde‎ I achieved my goals
‎ I 've been through that ‎ but I 'm not happy about it‎ Listening to the last few days has been tough
‎ So why don 't you think about it before making a decision?
‎ Call Richie and tell him you 're still thinking
‎ I already told Richie‎ I also called Peggy
‎ We chatted happily for a long time and agreed
‎ Then I spent all afternoon‎ in court with clients in pro bono cases‎ without having to worry about Mesa Verde all the time
‎ I haven 't had such a good afternoon in a long time‎ Well, it 's good to do public welfare cases‎ It 's really good, but public welfare cases don 't make much money

‎ So what are your plans?
‎ I don 't know but I 'll figure it out
‎ Well, I understand that I leave Schweickart Law Firm, there is a group of sanctimonious people
‎ But Mesa Verde?
‎ That would be like leaving the Yankees and playing with the amateurs
‎ No, no, I 'm here to help people who are really in trouble
‎ Leaving clients who are not important
‎ this is a bad idea
‎ What?
‎ Sounds like we all make decisions, right?
‎ Those decisions lead us down a certain path‎ We sometimes choose the right path and sometimes the wrong path

‎ This is the wrong way
‎ - What the hell are you talking about? ‎ - I . . .
‎ I 'm talking about the wrong choice‎ will lead us in the wrong path
‎ Finally leading us to a bad end
‎ When you decided to be Saul Goodman‎ I don 't understand at all
‎ I still don 't understand the truth
‎ but I supported your decision‎ and I didn 't change my name at all‎ I just quit a job
‎ You and I behave completely differently
‎ - What 's the difference? ‎ - Because I 'm going to ditch failure and go to success‎ It 's no different‎ You think that 's the right thing to do
‎ Please respect me for believing that my choice is right
‎I 'm reminding you‎ You 're doing it too quickly
‎ Then I also remind you that this is none of your business





‎ - Hello? ‎ - listen to me
‎ Put the phone down so I can hear it
‎ Can you hear . . . hear what?
‎ Do what I say right now
‎ keep it hidden
Good rice







‎ hey hello
‎ Can I come in?
‎ Lalo
‎ I thought you were already south
‎ Are you enjoying freedom?
‎ Yes but . . .
‎ I have to do something first
‎ I told you he 'd be back
‎ very good i like it
‎ Hey listen do you want a drink? ‎ Beer in the fridge
‎ Unless you 're not going to stay very long . . .
‎ You can 't . . . sorry
‎ sorry you can 't make the fish unhappy









‎ Listen, if you want to talk, let 's talk
‎ But Kong was going to go out so...
‎ It doesn 't have to be that she can stay
‎ I mean she 's also on the legal team, right?
‎ Hey relax, sit down, we 're just talking
‎ sit down‎ all right



‎ So. . .

‎ tell me what happened
‎ What happened?
‎ when you go to get money
‎ Tell me carefully what happened
‎ Say what I already told you?
‎ yes
‎ Well I took the money from your two cousins
‎ right where you told me
‎ Then on the way back the car broke down
‎ That 's about 10km to 11km from the junction
‎ there is no cell phone signal
‎ So I kept going north
‎ Walk all night in the desert
‎ I fell asleep for a while
‎ But in the morning I kept walking‎ until I got to a truck stop
‎ I went to the bathroom to wash up‎ I bought clothes and called a taxi
‎ and took the money to court‎ and they took hours to count‎ and then went through the paperwork and finally saw you



‎ tell me again

‎ What?
‎ tell me again
‎ Those two handsome gentlemen gave me money

‎ My car broke down in about ten minutes
‎ there is no cell phone signal
‎ I 'm also afraid to hitch a ride because there 's too much money
‎ Then I ran out of water‎ so I had to drink my own urine
‎ I drank a lot, don 't you want to know the details? ‎ I 'll tell you all
‎ I finally got to a truck stop
‎ I called a taxi and waited there‎ and the driver took me straight to court
‎ I put you on bail to get you out
‎ I don 't know what you want to know but . . .

‎ That 's it

‎ I just want to hear what you have to say

‎ Lalo that 's what he told me‎ So can you . . .
‎ I want to hear what he has to say

‎ I mean . . .
‎ After all, I spent a lot of money on his rhetoric
‎ So I want to be as detailed as possible



‎ So. . .
‎ tell me again

‎ I got those two big bags of money
‎ $7 million
‎ You paid me to get those two heavy bags of money‎ I put the money in the trunk
‎ in about ten minutes
‎ The engine stalled‎ I tried to fix it myself but it seems the temperature is too high
‎ So I headed north through the desert‎ I walked and walked
‎ with those two big bags of money
‎ I kept walking and I kept walking‎ until I got to the truck stop‎ and I went to the bathroom
‎ Put your head under the faucet
‎ I also bought two big boxes of energy drinks‎ and I called a taxi and waited there
‎ I don 't know what 's wrong but . . .
‎ Can you let her go? ‎ she doesn 't have to be here
‎ She has nothing to do with this. It 's all my doing. It 's all my doing. It 's all your doing? ‎ - yes

‎ What did you do Saul? ‎ I do what you think I do
‎ - I really didn 't know I was . . . ‎ - I saw your car


‎ - All right‎ - did you push the car into the ditch?
‎ What am I?
‎ Did you push the car into the ditch? ‎ - I shouldn 't have ‎ - shouldn 't you?
‎ Push is push, no push is no push
‎ Did you push down?

‎ I don 't know what you want‎ Are you trying to get the money back?
‎ Because the money is in the bag in the other room‎ You can take the money
‎ I just want to know what happened
‎ - I already told you‎ - did I?
‎ Listen well . . .
‎ You . . . are you kidding me?
‎ - Kim . . . ‎ - Do you know what he did for you? ‎ your seven million dollars
‎ He dragged the two packs of money across the desert‎ without losing a penny
‎ He fished you out of jail on murder charges
‎ Let 's get it straight, you must be guilty
‎ He did everything you asked
‎ and far beyond what any other lawyer can offer.

‎ So what are you thinking? ‎ What do you want?

‎ I found his car in a ditch
‎ Bullet holes on the sides
‎ So I just wanted to wait for him to tell the truth

‎ bullet hole
‎ For this?
‎ Listen I don 't know what 's going on over there
‎ But in New Mexico
‎ If you leave a soda can outside, someone will shoot it
‎ This . . . is this what you can 't figure out?
‎ You don 't think it 's possible that some rough guys with guns could shoot at a broken car and push it into a ditch?
‎ Is that so?
‎ What kind of business are you doing? ‎ tell me‎ because I know why you sent him to get the money

‎ obviously
‎ No one you trust except him, right? ‎ So you sent a lawyer across the desert to get you seven million dollars?
‎ This is . . . I. . . pardon me‎ but I think you need to clean up the house
‎ - Is it? ‎ - yes yes
‎ If you are worried about letting your people take the money
‎ That 's a bigger problem than whether you believe Saul Goodman‎
‎ To remind you that he never lied
‎ never lied to me or to a client‎ he told you the truth
‎ But the next time you need to withdraw a lot of money‎ and no one to trust
‎ Don 't come to him, okay? ‎ Try wire transfer
‎ Or shell companies or . . . ‎ Have you heard of the Garman Islands? ‎ God take care of your housework first
‎ Stop torturing this guy who almost took his life in to save you‎







‎ Where are you going now?
‎ Mexico
‎ Still going to the same place?
‎ No plans to change
‎ Let 's go, Ignacio, let 's go
‎ far away






‎ Subtitle translation: ‎ Wu Chunyan
