Sherlock Holmes Season 1 Episode 5
Mrs. Buckley, here 's your tea
your lady tea
i hate you i hate you
i hate you i hate you
David
- Your Mrs Tea - David, you betrayed him
Mrs Finning
what happened kid
Something bad happened to the wife and the colonel and the door won 't open
I 'll try
You two, stop him
Mrs. Buckley, Mrs. Buckley, open the door
Open the door, Mrs. Buckley
The door is locked from the inside and there is no key
I 'm going to get the doctor and the police
hunchback
There are several people in the regiment . . . in the Indian counterinsurgency

Great performance when I happened to be sent home with an injury
You won 't regret taking this case
ah sentry
Dr. Watson, a former military doctor with the Royal Berkshires, now practises his own medicine
I 'm Deputy Commander Murphy because of the tragic death of the Colonel and I 'm now the interim commander of the Royal Marlos Corps.
This is Mr. Holmes
please sit
It 's so nice of you to arrive so soon
You 're welcome, I have explained to Mr. Holmes that you must be very concerned about possible scandals.
thanks
The honor of the corps is now tied to me
But the newspapers say
There must be a scandal in here
Certainly no I have tried my best
It 's true that the reporters were driven far away, which made them more suspicious.
Even if they know very little, they must have sniffed out the mystery.
oh but can 't do it again . . .
call their attention back . . . yes
You see how much we need your help
What do you say? Sherlock Holmes
what can i say
Captain Murphy, you didn 't tell me anything!
I came to Aldersort only by Watson 's persuasion that he was far more interested in military affairs than I was
Now that I 'm here, you should tell me the truth!
commander of this regiment
Colonel James Buckley was found dead in his apartment at around ten o 'clock last night
The body was taken by Private Colonel Bates ' messenger.
Found a two-inch wound on the back of the colonel 's head in the living room in the early morning, apparently a blunt weapon. . .
. . . caused by slamming
There is a very special hand-carved wooden stick on the floor next to the body
while on the sofa
Lying down and passed out Nancy. Bar. . . is Mrs. Buckley.
Please go on to Captain Murphy
The servants only noticed the tragic quarrel when they heard the quarrel. It was Colonel Buckley and his wife.
The servants tried to enter the living room in the early morning but found the door locked
Bates went around the garden and entered through the floor-to-ceiling windows.
Are you suspecting Mrs. Buckley now?
Yes, but she 's clearly not the type to do such a thing
I was in the Corps of the late Colonel Buckley
Been his deputy for many years so I know Mrs Buckley very well
Of course
Tell me about Colonel Buckley, he is well respected by his men?
Considering his background, he 's quite respected
His background? Does he have any stains?
No, but outsiders don 't know that James Barkley was originally just a private in the Marlowes Corps.
Really ?
It is indeed a rare achievement to go from private to commander in the same regiment
He was promoted because of his bravery in the Indian counter-insurgency and he has grown steadily over the years
Much faster than me is really impressive
Was the unfortunate Mrs. Buckley in custody?
not exactly
She 's in the hospital now with someone looking after her
There 's also a police officer there
Nancy Buckley is a dignified woman now but you should see how she looked when she was young in India that was thirty years ago
She 's the regiment 's daughter
Her dad is the corps ' sergeant major, Warrant Lieutenant Devoy, so he 's an awesome prospective father-in-law for any soldier
I remember when my mates thought she was the prettiest girl in the station
As a junior officer I had no dealings with her but I noticed she was such a charming and brave girl
So of course Barkley isn 't the only one in the corps.
The person who pursues her, but he is her final choice
They got married in Porty, not far from Campbell, in the summer of 1858, a few months before that.
General Neal 's troops have just taken our regiment
rescued from the siege
Soon after marriage, as expected
Sergeant Barkley was promoted
Early marriage may be tough for the Buckleys
Low-born sergeant married the corps sergeant major 's daughter
Yes, there should be some social friction
But it was resolved by Nancy with her charm
They were quickly accepted. Barkley 's career was booming when the Corps returned from India five years ago.
Buckley was promoted to corps commander
Has their marriage been happy all along?
looks yes
Looks? Most people think the marriage is a happy and harmonious marriage
What do you think of Captain Murphy
because i 'm a lieutenant
So being able to visit the Barkleys often and I saw the other side of their marriage
More important than the truth about your loyalty to the late commander
I finished dinner at Barkley 's one night
At the end of the driveway did I remember that I left the humidor in the dining room
I walked back and the front door was still open
Jane is the maid still in the hall.
It 's great that you 're still here
I left the humidor on the table I think both Colonel Buckley and Mrs. are asleep Mr.
James for God 's sake
Tell the truth who is who? Let me go, you hurt me
Then you tell me you love me
only love me and no one else
Do you hear me? Will I marry you if I don 't love you?
I don 't know sometimes I really want to know
This jealous quarrel
Happened to Captain Murphy shortly after you left
Tell me about Barkley, is he a violent person?
sometimes yes
He is very caring about his young subordinates
But to climb all the way up must be cruel to do it.
Surely he wouldn 't feel uncomfortable being a commander, would he?
Will not
But sometimes he 'll suddenly get very dark and pay homage to the Queen
Tribute to the Queen
Sometimes when we talk about some of the previous battles, the Premiere battle, the counterinsurgency, the Afghanistan war, and the smile suddenly disappears from the corner of his mouth
as if taken away by an invisible hand
yes serving in india for so long does it matter how much
I 've also seen in Berkshire where you mentioned a hand-carved stick next to the corpse.
Is it a souvenir the Colonel brought back from India? The servants say
Never seen this stick before
I haven 't seen in all my visits
It 's a long one, did the police take it away?
Checked?
Yes
They think it 's the murder weapon
Well, I think we should start by visiting the Colonel 's apartment.
But it would be better if I could see Mrs. Buckley first, I 'm afraid she 's still in a coma.
I think too
David . . . David . . .
Will Mrs Holmes Buckley have a lover and Colonel Buckley knows again?
Captain Murphy seems to be very close to her, you know that kind of ambiguous relationship
Between officers and wives serving in the tropics
It 's a common thing. Thank you Watson for teaching me about military ethics.
If Murphy and Mrs. Buckley were having an affair, would he still bring up the episode of forgetting the humidor?

It 's about half past seven sir
I 'm serving dinner
One night a month Mrs Buckley goes to Aldersort to do a good deed

where are you going in such a hurry
The distribution of old clothes starts at eight o 'clock
I promised Ann Morrison
I 'll be in the distribution hall on time for those fleas hopping up and down in old clothes
If you get any nasty disease, it 's your own business.
I think we should give back what we get, we 've been lucky enough

Others weren 't so lucky
don 't come back too late won 't


Mrs. Buckley is supposed to be back at a quarter past nine.
I 'm in the kitchen helping the cook wash the dishes I heard a thunder in the distance
I was saying to Mrs. Finning 'Looks like a storm is coming' when the living room bell rang early in the morning
I got there and found Mrs Buckley back and she was pacing back and forth in the room
pale and restless
she looks terrible sir
did you ring the bell, ma 'am
yes, bring me some tea, madam


is that you jane
yes sir i think i heard my wife come back
yes sir she was in the living room in the early morning
Early morning living room? Yes sir, I was about to serve my wife a pot of tea
Tea? What tea are you drinking at this time?


So it seems
Was that Mr. Buckley 's last appearance?
Yes, sir
As you guess you know why
Will your mistress go to the drawing-room in the morning?
It was very late and the fire was not lit. I don 't know if she is often, sir.
Deliberately avoiding the colonel?

Have you ever heard them fight before?
As far as I know there is no gentleman waiting for you to come back from the kitchen with your wife 's tea
you found the door locked
Heard them up the tune and tell me what you heard exactly, they 're arguing, Mr.
The wife said the colonel was a coward
She said my life has been ruined by you all these years
The wife called out the name 'David'
said twice
David? Can you swear on that? Mr. True
But the colonel 's name is James.
have you ever
I heard my wife mention a guy named David?
Without the Colonel and his wife, I don 't know anyone named David.
Captain Murphy 's Christian name is Patrick
They recently . . .
Is there a guest named David? No Mr.
Next to Colonel Buckley 's body
Found a stick. Have you seen it before?
No colonel has some booty from India but none of the sticks
Are you sure, Miss Stewart?
yes sir i don 't know where that came from

Thanks for being here today
oh no there 's one last thing
Captain Murphy once dropped a humidor
did you find it, sir


the colonel lies here
Head next to the stove fence ?
Yes, sir
You can also see blood stains

But the scariest thing is his face
his face ?
I almost fainted when I turned him over and saw his face
A twisted expression
full of fear
Like seeing the god of death?
probably yes sir thanks bates
what a ghost
Can you scare the colonel like that?
Certainly not Nancy. Buckley door is locked sir
And the key is gone
Gone? Yes, in the end, we still called the locksmith to open the door. Have you thoroughly searched for the key?
Searched up and down
Mrs. Buckley did not have it nor was it in Colonel Buckley 's pocket.
Thank you Mrs Finning

Watson, if the key is not in the door
It 's not what the Barkleys took... Then there should be a third person.
that person either enters through this window or exits through it
These are the footprints of Bates
But these are for someone else who just walked across this grass not long ago
The footprints are still clearly visible

he was Watson through the window
we got it right

Watson look at this
- What is this? - Is this outsider an unusual companion a dog? Whose dog is it?
Who heard a dog pounce on the curtain?
Or is it a cat? These paw prints are not cat 's
Not a monkey 's paw print, not any creature we 're familiar with
At least 15 inches from hind paw to fore paw
Add in the length of the neck and head and the animal is at least two feet long if it has a tail
It also has a strange stride length. The stride length suggests that this animal has a long body and short legs.
Something like a stoat or a weasel? We also know it 's a carnivore. How do you know that?
It can be seen from the paw prints that it bit the curtain
want to eat canary
That 's right, what the hell is this beast?



I can 't betray my friends
don 't push me

Miss Morrison
Mrs. Buckley was happy and content when she left home the night before, but she came home two hours later.
It 's like a completely changed person
Now the police suspect she is the murderer
It 's your responsibility to clear her name
You have to tell me what happened that night that changed her so much
Well if I can really help her
I 'm willing to break my promise to keep secret
Here we see all kinds of people
But the night before I saw the weirdest person I 've ever seen
Not only is he hunchbacked
also lame a leg
I walk with my knees bent and my skin dark and wrinkled like a shriveled apple
I thought to myself that there are really some people in the world who suffer far more than they should.
The man was wearing oriental clothes which made him even more unusual
I pointed the man to Nancy and thought he deserved special attention from us.
Nancy was in good spirits that night. I saw her walking up to the man.
asked him if he needed help and that 's when her whole person changed and she started talking to this man and then suddenly
become bloodless
She looked like she had seen a ghost, and the man was extremely surprised to see her
I saw him gesturing fiercely
Later, Nancy and the man walked to a quiet corner and talked for a while.
I just heard the man scream angrily and then he ran out and threw his fists what happened to Nancy
are you OK ?
who is that poor guy
Promise me Annie will keep me secret
Don 't tell anyone about this, okay?
Of course, if you want me to keep it a secret, I promise you
Who is that guy? I knew you were going to ask this
Nancy left after that encounter
I naturally asked a few of the regulars there about this man
this strange looking man
Of course there will be some concern. It seems that he is a soldier returning from India. No one else knows about his origins.
All I know is that he earns a living by performing magic tricks in the entertainment force. Did you tell the police about this guy?
Of course no promise is a promise
of course thank you miss morrison


That 's our intruder 's four-legged companion
a meerkat
I think we 've found what we 're looking for


Mr Henry Wood has just come from India
can i have a word with you
about what
Colonel Buckley 's death



she 's innocent i promise you
You are the one to blame
no i am innocent
Who was that who brought down Colonel Buckley?
It was providence that killed him
his own guilty conscience
you better explain
God if I really smashed his head
Actually, I 've always wanted to do this
That 's what he deserves
But I haven 't touched a finger of him.
Someone saved me the trouble

Let me tell my story I have nothing to be ashamed of

In front of you is a man with a hump
All the ribs are crooked
But I, Corporal Henry Wood, used to be the most handsome of the Royal Marlos Corps.
Are you in the same regiment as Colonel Buckley? Yes, but he was just a private at the time. We were in the same regiment.
And there is one thing in common
just fell in love
Same Woman: Nancy Devoy She is the daughter of the Sergeant Major
Two people love her but she only loves one

She . . . you see me curled up in front of the fire and hear me say Nancy loves my handsomeness
You 'll be laughing, I 'm the one she 's always loved, but I 've won her heart
Her father disagreed
I 'm a reckless bastard
But I 'm also honest
Nancy 's father wants her to marry Barkley
He 's careful not to get into trouble and can 't do anything wrong
Not like I used to take Nancy to places her father didn 't like
And Barkley is educated he has a bright future (will be given a saber)
Warrant Officer Devoy naturally thinks Barkley is a better fit for his daughter, but she 's been loyal to me and we 'd have been married if it wasn 't for the rebellion.
Then why didn 't Nancy marry the one she loved?
It was the rainy season of 1857 when the Indian soldiers suddenly mutiny
The corps is surrounded by 10,000 rebels in Porti and we are surrounded
Like a pack of dogs in a rat cage, we 're running out of ammunition and food
We can only be rescued if we manage to get in touch with General Neal 's forces advancing inward.

The commander of our team began to select volunteers, and the volunteers had to be lean and strong.
Can sneak out of the garrison late at night and get in touch with reinforcements on the plains I volunteered to sign up, foolishly
That 's a dangerous mission
A thousand brothers are in danger
But I had only one person on my mind at the time, Nancy Devoy

my love the most beautiful girl
Her lips are full of life
Saying goodbye to her is the hardest thing in the world
We exchanged farewell tokens
At that time, where did I think that this parting was thirty years. That night my rival in love saw that I was going to leave
Through the enemy 's blockade, Sergeant Barkley said no one knew better than him
The landscape around the station, I volunteered to deliver the letter, and he volunteered
Help me point out the best way to break out
So after listening to him
I set off under the cover of fire from my comrades

Buckley told me to walk down a creek and then to a valley
He said it was the best way to go down the mountain
His guidance is perfect
Soon I was trekking in the icy stream These were the snow from the previous day in the Himalayas

I can see the lights and fires of the rebel camp
But I 'm still going down
Avoiding their posts, I went to the valley thinking I was safe
All of a sudden I was attacked
Something hit me hard on the head and I just woke up like a chicken

He was tied up and hung from a tree
arm feels sore
It 's like being twisted into a twist, I don 't care about this pain, what makes me sad is
My mission fails and what will happen to the people I 'm trying to save?

But the biggest blow is yet to come
I understand the conversation of a rebel
I realized I was betrayed
And the one who betrayed me was
the one who showed me the way
Barkley betrayed me to have the girl I love
You now know what James Barkley is best at
Unexpectedly, General Neil 's troops
Already on his way to rescue Porti
The rebels retreat
but took me
I was tortured, I tried to escape, and I was tortured again
I haven 't seen a white man in years
My captors fled north and into the mountains
Treat me like a slave, not even a dog
They 've broken every bone of mine Sometimes I wish they killed me
But my hatred for the man who ruined my life
Aroused my will to live I dreamed of revenge on Barkley

Someday an Afghan tribe
Killed the rebels who caught me I was left there to die
But I miraculously survived
I want to avenge my suffering
But I don 't have Barkley and Nancy.
I don 't know if she 's dead or alive
I wandered back to Punjab
live with the locals
Learned from street magicians to make a living by magic I 've become a poor cripple
Then take a boat back to England to meet the original companions
What 's the point?
Even the thought of revenge didn 't make me determined to come back I 'll be honest
I 'd rather Nancy and my mates at Marlos
All think . . . Henry Wood died heroically and stood up like a hero
I don 't want them to see me still living in the world
crawled back to them like an orangutan
But you still came back to Aldershot. Back to where your regiment was. Why? I just want to see my country again before I die.
I saved every penny and bought the ferry ticket back
I didn 't know the corps was stationed at Aldershot
I only think of places where there is an army
I make three meals a day by doing tricks and magic in diners I don 't want to kill Barkley anymore
After so many years, the flame of revenge is gradually extinguished
until i saw her
I think I still have to wear British clothes all the time I look funny in this foreign clothes at first I was just looking for a thick coat
Didn 't even look at the ladies handing out clothes
Then someone came over
I recognized her right away
She hasn 't changed at all and she 's still beautiful
Even more amazing is that she . . .
She seems to know me
good evening do you want me to help you did you find any of you . . .
sorry i thought . . .
Nancy is me, I am Henry
Do not be afraid
For the past 30 years I thought you were gone, I was dead . . .
I never thought I 'd see you again


we talked for a while
told her my story
I shouldn 't have told her her husband was a traitor but I couldn 't help it
Thirty years of hatred burst out
She was shocked by what she said to me
I can 't bear to watch it
So I left and then I saw her come out in a hurry and I followed her to her house
I saw her enter the house and the lights were on
I saw her sitting on a chair
Then he came in
James, I need to talk to you - why lock the door - I said I told you not to come back too late, didn 't I?
Are you with someone - no. . . - you must be with someone!
no
who is it ?
you ruined my life
so many years
how can you do this
- You devil - Mrs Buckley your tea
i hate you hate you hate you hate you
Do not
I saw him grab her body I was so mad I couldn 't control my feelings
David your Mrs Tea David you betrayed him
No, he 's still alive, I tell you I 've seen him
you are lying you are crazy






I 've never seen anyone look at me like he does
I saw death clearly in his face
I came alive like a bullet
penetrated his guilty heart
Mrs. Buckley, Mrs. Buckley, open the door, he fell on the fence
I was out of breath before I fell


Mrs. Buckley, Mrs. Buckley, open the door.
I took the key from Nancy 's hand
I was going to open the door for help
But I think I better hurry up
Otherwise things will turn out badly for me I hurriedly throw the keys in my pocket
go after teddy
It ran out of the cage and bit the curtain
Teddy
So after the Colonel died
Just fell and hit the fence? Probably got a shock and had a stroke
Mr Wood if the coroner concluded the same
mrs buckley not nancy
will be acquitted, I don 't think you would object if necessary
Retell your story to the police?
how is mr holmes nancy
She will make a full recovery soon in the hospital
Thank God




hello Ann it 's great to see you
Is it better?
yes much better
There 's something about Sherlock Holmes that I don 't quite understand.
the colonel is james
And Wood 's name is Henry or Harry, and who 's called David, my good Watson?
If I had been careful enough, I should have found out
The name David already tells the whole story
Don 't you always think I 'm awesome?
But this time my reasoning ability failed.
In this case the name David
Actually a word of rebuke? Do you remember King David of Judea-Israel?
He fell in love with Uriah 's wife, Bathsheba, and sent Uriah to the front to die so he could take Bathsheba for himself.
this story
My knowledge of the Old Testament can be found in book 1 or 2 of Samuel I 'm afraid I 've long since forgotten

you 're right sherlock holmes
Samuel Book 2, Chapter 11, Pages 14 to 17 Obviously you 've checked it first
After returning from Aldersort
How did you know ?
The bill you used for our meal at Waterloo
It was inserted into the book as a bookmark, wasn 't it? Great Watson
Just getting started, dear Holmes, good night, old friend.





