
I miss you too, sweetheart
Okay, I have to hang up. See you tonight?
Bye-Bye
don 't you hang up
Hello? Man, I 'm glad you finally got a girlfriend, but do you have to say such a nasty thing in front of us bachelors?

In fact, it may be necessary. There is an economic concept called status commodity, which means that an item can only be appreciated by the owner.
Because it belongs to no one else the term was coined in 1976 by the economist Fred Hirsch to replace
The more accessible but less precise neener - neener (a child 's nasal murmur)
It 's not that my happiness is not built on the misery and loneliness of my best friend
thank you
Although I want to tell you that I don 't mean to show off at all, that 's impossible
Who is miserably lonely?
I
i used to be like you
Then I have a girlfriend
neener - neener in pre-1976 terms
Hey, how are you and Bernadette going to spend your first Valentine 's Day?
I 'm going to bring out all my housekeeping skills P.F.
Cang 's has a special set for couples at 39.95 (a famous American chain of Chinese restaurants) with egg roll wontons and bottomless casserole and a photo with the marble horse at the front door
Another origin of Valentine 's Day in the West. Given that San Valentino was a Roman priest in the third century and was beheaded by a sinking stone, the more appropriate way to celebrate it should not be that night.
Take your girlfriend to see a brutal murder?
I understand what you mean, but since there are other options
Jews always choose their meal
Uh does anyone want to know this year 's Valentine 's Day
I 'm going to go to the supermarket to buy a roast chicken, take it home, stand by the sink and swallow it whole
I have to gnaw with my claws like a beast, so that sums up the opinion of a marble horse and an idiot.
A lonely man and his lonely cock
Okay, any more?
Oh yeah, and me too

Did no one ask me?
Okay we know you 're going to say love love to P enny
I didn 't want to tell you this
It 's okay, I don 't mind hearing about your love life
The one that blows my mind is his Guess who the school is sending to Switzerland to visit the supercollider at the CERN workshop on February 14th?
Professor Norton, God knows how it could be him
He hasn 't published anything since he won the Nobel Prize
Actually, Professor Norton can 't go. He hurt his back while climbing.
I heard he got hurt while climbing on his new girlfriend
Just the big girl from the channel 2 weather forecast, right?
- It 's that - so what?
They let me go in his place
Go to Switzerland or go to the big sister of the weather forecast?
Go to Switzerland and bring someone with you!
- Oh my god! - No way man! - So cool!
I 'm so happy I don 't want to ask them why they chose you
I 'll run home now and pack my things
Why didn 't you take Penny with you?
I just want to take Penny there
Oh, then there will be a good show when you get home
Season 3 Episode 15
Does S heldon have time?
Of course my good friend please come in
Do yourself a favor which ski hat looks like the Super Collider?
S heldon I didn 't plan to take you to Switzerland
You must have taken me there, or who else?
- Penny - What? It 's ridiculous
P enny has no interest in subatomic particle research
Yes, but that 's Valentine 's Day too.
We can go sightseeing and skiing and lie down in the snow-capped Alps in front of a roaring bonfire
But Penny has no interest in subatomic particle research.
I 'm sorry Sheldon I 'm sorry ?
I 've dreamed of going to see the Large Hadron Collider since I was nine years old
Well, I 've dreamed of spending Valentine 's Day with my girlfriend since I was six years old.
I 'm so ashamed of you!
That 's not a scientist 's dream at all!
Well, what 's the big surprise for me?
coming soon
This tray contains clues to how we 're going to spend Valentine 's Day
oh wow let me guess
Here 's Milk Chocolate Cheese Fondue
My lactose intolerant boyfriend is going to eat all of this
Then I climbed on his back and lifted off to the moon ?
no
But it 's a plane
ok umm . . .
let me use this swiss army knife to cut a slice of swiss cheese and you can eat it with the swiss miss cocoa powder
ok i think switzerland should be the focus
Are we going to Disneyland for a Matterhorn sleigh ride?
( roller coaster )
Is this going by plane?
Are we going to Disney World for a Matterhorn sleigh ride? ( Florida )
no
ok dear at first i thought it was a bit interesting not now
We 're going to Switzerland to see CERN 's supercollider!
And skiing, we can also ski
We 're going skiing in Switzerland?!
Uh you can slide and I 'll fall but yeah we can spend Valentine 's Day in Switzerland
Oh my goodness Leonard! That 's great!
Don 't be in such a hurry
You slow down the lights of Rabeliechtli P enny
Ribby what?
Rabeliechtli means
Refers to the traditional lights carved by hand from root vegetables to celebrate certain festivals in Switzerland
And you can 't make it for two reasons: these festivals are in autumn Two: you can 't make it to Switzerland
S heldon I didn 't tell you I took P enny
I 'm afraid not, do you recognize this?
Don 't take roommate agreements
roommate agreement
I draw your attention to Appendix III of the Friendship Clause
Forward Commitment Article 37 'If one person is invited to visit
The  'Large Hadron Collider ' is now under construction in Switzerland
He should invite another friend with him'
Oh my god
Did you really write it in the agreement?
Yes, we also made a pact if one of us won a MacArthur Award.
Or what if someone gains superpowers or even gets bitten by a zombie?
Even if I do become a zombie he can 't kill me
Is there anything to do with your girlfriend?
That seems a bit far-fetched.
S heldon are you really going to force me?
My daily life is strictly according to the protocol
Even if I don 't care at all, I 'll still greet you every day
I don 't practice biochemical warfare on a whim after 10 p.m.
I also gave up my goal of mastering pan-singing techniques
I know I shouldn 't ask but is that . . ?
If I can practice it should be much stronger than now
S heldon I know there is an appointment
If you really become a zombie, I promise I won 't kill you, I 'll even let you eat my head
But I just want to take Penny to Switzerland
- Are you determined? - Exactly.
very good

It 's not over yet, is it?
what you think ?

It 's quite busy this morning, huh?
Will it rain?
How do I feel about using potato salad as panties today?
Well I know you 'll be happy only by playing your driving games so come on
yes
the game is called traitor
Let me tell you three historical figures, you rank them in order of the severity of their betrayal
Benedict Arnold (joined the British Army during the Revolutionary War) Judas and Dr. Leonard Hofstadter
Do you think me and Arnold and Judas have a fight?
Well, Judas at least knew about hanging himself
S heldon let me go can 't you think how important this is to me?
second round :
Leonard H ofstadter Darth Vader (Anakin Skywalker) Rupert Murdoch
Murdoch?
Fox chopped  'Firefly ' he was Fox 's boss
Hint: He and Darth Vader
Sorry I couldn 't be with you last night. I had a date with Bernadette.
I know my brother is also on Twitter
What did you do later?
Why did you nuke a taco?
Pray to the Hindu god U rvashi that you have a bad stomach
Your little general is as limp as wicker
Did you see Sheldon?
Wasn 't he still mad at you about the supercollider?
He thinks I betrayed him
Instead, what would you do?
I will take Sheldon to Switzerland
- Seriously? - Absolutely
and leave him there alone
What came from here?
i see
30 pieces of silverware
good morning dude
what happened ?
I made love breakfast for you
Juice coffee and some pancakes in the shape of your favorite fictional characters
lo and behold this is Frodo ('The Lord of the Rings')
Did you make Frodo pancakes ?
yeah i used coconut shavings for his legs
If you need to empty your bladder before eating
I can temporarily requisition this washed beret to keep your food warm
What is your intention?
Apologies for my recent rude behavior
I calmed down and thought about it, and then I began to gradually understand that friendship is not a contract in black and white
It is the result of two people respecting and caring for each other
Salted Butter Bread ?
Thanks
taste good
What you eat is respect and love
And about a pound of fat butter
We can watch after you finish your breakfast
Final Season of  'Babylon 5 ' with Guided Soundtrack You Don 't Like  'Babylon 5 '
It really sucks as both a drama and a sci-fi movie, and it 's hopeless to imitate it so deliberately
But you like it, you are my friend
ok great
I still won 't take you to Switzerland

don 't give you Frodo
ok ok ok no you 're welcome
I think you know what I 'm here for
I always feel like we 're here to study our alien leader who finds human flaws and reports to you
so funny
Extraordinary intellect, in your opinion, is likely to come from an alien planet, so I 'll make it clear
I think you know the purpose of coming to the laundry room
Is it better to practice guttural sounds?
not bad
But my real purpose will be shown in this short PPT
turn off the lights
Why Dr. Sheldon Cooper should visit CERN and the Collider in Switzerland: Slideshow by Dr. Sheldon Cooper
Oh my god
Standing here is a gifted particle physics researcher whose research has allowed him to perfect our understanding of the ever-changing universe.
referring to me
And here 's a waitress brushing her teeth with her fingers
referring to you
I 'm sorry, is this trying to please me?
Please ask questions after presentation
This is the product of decades of planning and construction for the supercollider at CERN in Switzerland
It is a mecca for physicists all over the world
This is a bath shop on Colorado Avenue
They sell scented soaps and body washes some of which contain glitter
Now let 's compare who is more suitable to go
Okay, the speech is over
no not yet
I have five more slides
S heldon this is Leonard 's decision
He invited me to Switzerland and I plan to go
very good
have fun
You 're about to experience what I 've been dreaming of for ten years
I just hope you can appreciate its importance and appreciate its extraordinary significance
I 'm going to talk to Leonard
really? really
If it 's that important to you, you should go
Oh P enny thank you
You 're welcome
Since I rarely hug I rely on you for expert advice on how long to hug
- I think that 's about it. - Great
Bye-Bye
do you know ?
Although I don 't have a girlfriend, I can still have a wonderful Valentine 's Day
Believe me I can 't I tried it earlier
No no I want to live my own day
First, I will go to a spa in Koreatown to have a steam and then massage
Then I stopped at a pet store and let the puppies lick me
S heldon I want to talk to you ok my friend
Would you like some C holermus crepes?
- What would you like? - C holermus
A traditional Swiss breakfast
I 'm tuning my gastrointestinal system for exotic Swiss dishes
you don 't go to switzerland! oh i will go
Didn 't Penny tell you the good news?
She told me you were behind my back and fooled her so that you could go with me instead of her
Yeah, that 's the good news
Come on, it 's me who was invited
I decide who I take I choose P enny not you
Howard please dim the lights I have a short slide presentation
I don 't need to see what your statement is. The discussion is over.
Your answer is a bit ambiguous, should I go or not?
S heldon tell you I won 't take you even if I go by myself
really? yeah really
you left me with no choice
From now on you 'll be my roommate instead of my friend
I 'm sorry you think so
I don 't think you realize the seriousness of the consequences Leonardo
Then can you give me some hints?
With the expiry of our unanimously friendly ordinance
If I 'm invited, you 're no longer eligible to accompany me to go swimming at Bill Gates ' house.
wow this is not good
Just think this time tomorrow we will be spending our first Valentine 's Day in Geneva, Switzerland! Yeah!
For this reason, I also went shopping and bought special underwear.
Got thermal underwear? Because it 's going to be cold there
Think again about Leonard



Take care (German often used for sneezing)
Or take care as the Swiss say (Switzerland also speaks German)
you caught a cold ?
Probably an allergy
Do you want to take allergy medicine? I have a full range here
Prescription Drugs Over-the-Counter Drugs Foreign Products Domestic Products Experimental Drugs
Is there any one that works? No, I 'll be enthusiastic


Penny?
How are you ?
Do I sound like 'all right'?
Don 't come in!
What 's wrong with you ?
I 'm having a 'tea party', what else would I do?
I think I might have the flu
or the plague
We have a nine o 'clock flight tomorrow. Do you think you 'll be better by then?
Because I was already dead by then!
Hey S heldon ?
Listen, Penny is too sick to go to Switzerland.
If you are still interested, please come with me
Great! I 'll pack my bags right now
immediately
Yo, isn 't that a cholermus pancake?

Brought you soup - chicken? - yes
- The one with the 'little star'? - Yes
Is it heated to 180 degrees?
I 'll fall on your lap and you 'll be able to answer me
You don 't have to be so mean, I 'm sick
I 'm sick too
It 's not my business
I just don 't understand how I got sick I 've always been very health conscious
I sanitize my hands frequently and generally avoid contact with others
S heldon I don 't know what to say to you
Oh Penny thank you !
You 're welcome
It 's you !
I have touched you!
happy Valentine 's day
Oh god, look at this room!
Champagne !
Rose! And little chocolate!
This will be the best Valentine 's Day ever!
hmmm . . . i forgot about these things
But I will never forget
Season 3 Episode 15 Ended
