 My brothers and I are the first vampires .
 In all of history ... The Originals .
 300 years ago , we helped build New Orleans .
 Now we 've returned to find a city at war .
 The vampire Marcel leads an army against a coven of desperate witches .
 My brother Klaus is playing against both sides , hungry for power and hoping to protect the werewolf carrying his child , but Marcel has an advantage .
 He holds our brother Elijah captive with the aid of a secret weapon .
 Now in order to get back the brother I love ,
 I have no choice but to side with the one I cannot trust .
 August 1359 .
 I have noticed a difference in my siblings .
 Our bond strains beneath the pressure of our life as vampires .
 Each day removes them further from the humanity they once possessed .
 My sweet sister Rebekah has grown quite indifferent to brutality .
 However , the true problem remains by brother Niklaus .
 He continues to hide his loneliness with cruelty .
 Still , I cling to the hope that I , as their eldest brother , can lead them down the correct path , a path charged with the power of a family united ...
 For if I fail , our family 's legacy will end in darkness .
 I cannot believe you disposed of those vampires without me .
 You know how I love to set things on fire .
 Was I supposed to leave them in the front yard to rot ?
 Besides , they were my responsibility .
 They attacked the helpless , pregnant girl who 's carrying my child .
 Oh , I am so moved by your newfound sense of fatherly duty towards the werewolf carrying your hybrid bun in her oven .
 Ha !
 The werewolf would like to know what the plan is .
 Well , that depends what plan you mean , luv ...
 My plan for global domination or Rebekah 's plan to find love in a cruel , cruel world .
 The plan to rescue Elijah , you know ...
 The good brother , the one who is now in the possession of your mortal enemy after you stabbed him in the back .
 In the front , if we 're being specific .
 You two said that you would get him back .
 So is there a plan , or what ?
 Ok .
 Well , firstly , Marcel is not my mortal enemy .
 He 's my friend , albeit one who is unaware that I am trying to sabotage his hold over the supernatural community of the French quarter , but a friend nonetheless ,
 and secondly , I daggered Elijah in order to gain Marcel 's trust .
 If I had known he would place my brother in the hands of a particularly nasty teenage witch ,
 I certainly would have weighed my options a bit differently , and thirdly , sister , please .
 And thirdly , the plan , as you have demanded , is for Niklaus to simply asks Marcel for Elijah back .
 That 's not the whole plan , is it ?
 Oh , please .
 Klaus may be a miserable excuse for a sibling , but there is none more diabolical .
 That 's only the plan " a , " luv .
 There 's always a plan " B. "
 And what 's plan " B " ?
 Damn , I do look good in a suit .
 Joshua Rosen , 18 , had recently arrived in New Orleans as part of ...
 My guy and the docks is gonna come forward as an eyewitness , say he saw those two drunkenly fall into the Mississippi .
 They 'll be dredging for weeks .
 No one will come looking around here .
 That 's good , considering one is dead in a dumpster behind the county morgue and the other one is a vampire now .
 Anything else ?
 Allow me , darling .
 One thing .
 I sent 4 nightwalkers to look into a werewolf sighting in the quarter .
 I haven 't heard from them since .
 That makes 10 dead nightwalkers in the last week .
 You think the werewolves are back in town trying to start some trouble ?
 Look . I know you and Klaus are friends , but the fact is , since the Originals showed up ...
 Oh , come now , Thierry .
 You 're not still upset about that little , toxic werewolf bite I gave you , are you ?
 I thought we were at by
 I see you 've given him free rein of your compound now , too . Yes .
 Well , seeing as my family and I
 lived here , built the place , in fact ...
 All right . Come on .
 You both know the drill .
 Thierry is my guy , inner circle .
 Klaus is my old- time friend and sire .
 He 's also a guest here .
 Peace , all right ? All right ?
 What you need , my brother ?
 I 'm afraid my sister Rebekah is insisting I demand Elijah 's return .
 She 's quite worked up about it .
 I 'll say .
 We 're not gonna have 3 Originals walking around town , are we ?
 Half our guys think the sister killed the nightwalkers .
 Is that an accusation against an original ?
 What did I say about peace ?
 Come on .
 Walk with me .
 Your inner circle man lacks a sense of humor .
 He 's a little overprotective , but loyal to a fault .
 I saved his life back in the forties , found him dying of a war wound outside a VA hospital .
 He 'd kill for me and die for me .
 Plus , that boy can play the trumpet like you would not believe .
 Maybe I 'll see if he can play a little tonight at the party .
 You 're coming , right ?
 How can I miss my chance to meet the city councilman as he accepts your gigantic charitable donation ?
 Oh , he 's a schmuck , but he lets us do our thing in exchange for certain community services ,
 like keeping our fangs out of the locals .
 Listen . About your brother ,
 I would love to help you out , but Thierry is right .
 My guys are on edge .
 They see the original family moving in , vampires dying , it makes them nervous .
 If I hand Elijah back now , it might give the wrong impression about who 's really in charge here .
 You know what I mean ?
 You understand I had to ask .
 Hey , Klaus , for the love of Mary Magdalene , how long does it take to ask a simple question ?
 Much longer than you 'd think , considering the answer was , as expected , no .
 Marcel 's man Thierry is suspicious .
 He thinks you killed 10 nightwalkers .
 Well , that 's a lie . I only killed 8 .
 Should I make Thierry the ninth ?
 Marcel is playing friendly .
 We can 't kill the favorite son , or he 'll catch onto us .
 So war it is , then . Indeed .
 Do you know what to do with the witch ?
 I believe I do . Good .
 You manage Sophie Deveraux .
 I 'll take care of the next step .
 I ordered you to drain him of blood .
 What 's taking so long ?
 Sorry . I 'm not medieval torture expert guy .
 What did he do to you , anyway ?
 It 's not about what he did .
 It 's about what he 's going to do when we 're done here , which is whatever I want him to , just like you .
 For example , drive this through his torso .
 That is crazy .
 I didn 't want to do it , but I did it , anyway .
 It 's called mind compulsion .
 Vampires can compel humans .
 Originals like my siblings and I can also compel vampires , and no one can compel Originals .
 You following ? Good .
 That is how a brand- new nightwalker such as yourself is here doing my bidding with no one the wiser .
 But I never had my guts drained out of me . Yes .
 That , young Joshua , is because I got to you before you had even a drop of herbal vervain in your system .
 You see , it prevents compulsion .
 Marcel has had his whole crew taking it since I returned to town , 
 and that is why our friend here needs to be bled dry of it so I can compel him to follow my every command , 
 and with my brother currently in captivity awaiting rescue , 
 we can 't afford to be gentle about it .
 Come here . Yah !
 Oh , so glad you could make it .
 Elijah only lies daggered and rotting whilst you dillydally .
 You 're lucky I came at all .
 What do you want ?
 Hayley was attacked last night by Marcel 's crew because somebody told him there was a werewolf in the quarter .
 She only made one stop .
 Whoever saw her here ratted her out .
 Watch and learn .
 Hey , Soph . Hey , Katie .
 That 's filled with marigold , great for attracting the opposite sex , would look awesome on you .
 I very seriously doubt that .
 Do you have any others , one with , say ...
 I don 't know ... Wolfsbane , perhaps ?
 Wolfsbane ? Why would you want that ?
 Please do not play dumb with me .
 Rebekah !
 I just sold the werewolf some herbs . That 's all .
 Are you lying to me , Katie ?
 I suggest you answer my question honestly .
 Just answer the question , Katie , please .
 Yes .
 I told someone , but you don 't understand . I ...
 I love him .
 Then tell me , who is this vampire Romeo of yours ?
 Shall I count to 3 ?
 Be quick about it .
 I have an army to build , and one compelled minion does not an army make .
 Well ?
 You were right about the traitor .
 Luckily , she 's just a kid and she doesn 't know anything about us and what we 're up to .
 Do you want to hear the part that 's gonna please you the most ?
 Oh , do tell .
 She 's in love with someone in Marcel 's inner circle .
 Guess who it is .
 Right- hand- man type , favors silly caps ?
 Two points for you .
 Thierry is fraternizing with the enemy .
 Well , that means he just unwittingly became the key to our entire plan .
 I told you you 'd be pleased .
 Oh , to be young and in love in a city where witches and vampires are at war .
 How very tragic .
 Are you out of your mind ?
 No way . It 's very simple .
 We need you to perform a teeny , tiny locator spell to help us find our brother .
 Witches who practice magic in this town get caught , and they get killed .
 Yes .
 About that , it seems you left out a crucial detail when we made our deal ...
 Marcel 's secret weapon , the way he knows when a witch is using magic .
 Girl about yay high , cute as a button , anger issues .
 Davina ?
 Where have you seen her ?
 I don 't know .
 The little brat erased my memory right after she threw me out a window with her bloody mind .
 Let me cut to the chase .
 Davina has Elijah .
 You witches , I assume , want to get Davina away from Marcel .
 We don 't know where she is .
 Ergo , we need magic .
 Davina would sense it .
 Unless , of course , another witch ...
 Say , a traitor to the cause ,
 Katie , for example ...
 Was to perform much more powerful magic at the same time .
 That would create a smokescreen concealing your very small spell from Davina .
 Katie doesn 't deserve to die .
 Sophie Deveraux ...
 You 're in no position to be so principled .
 You can 't win a war without a few strategic losses , no matter how regrettable they may be .
 How many times have the vampires been one step ahead , known something they shouldn 't ,
 your sister executed in the public square for practicing magic who knew she 'd be caught ?
 Did she even attempt to flee ?
 She was caught hiding in a cargo hold of a freighter before it set sail down the Mississippi .
 And who , pray tell , in Marcel 's valued inner circle manages his business at the docks ?
 Katie 's boyfriend Thierry .
 You 're right . He 's good .
 Right ? Music man I call him .
 Ladies love him , but he 's spoken for .
 He knocks around with this pretty , little witch , says he loves her , but I don 't know .
 Yo brightest soldier is fraternizing with your enemy , and you don 't care .
 Well , of course I care , but Thierry is a grown man .
 He makes his own choices , and I get some good intel .
 Besides , he 's not gonna do anything to jeopardize what we 're doing here .
 I mean , check this out , a vampire hosting a ritzy charity event .
 We have a community here . No one is gonna mess that up .
 Still ...
 You don 't want the witches to get too bold , given that a witch 's tip about a werewolf in town
 led to the disappearance of your nightwalkers .
 I 'm sure you 've considered the possibility that it could 've been a trap .
 Maybe I 'll send a little message .
 Thierry ...
 Take a team of nightwalkers to the cauldron tonight , do a little rousting ...
 Oh , and , Thierry , make it nasty .
 And so with that , I moved back here to be closer to my brothers because ... let 's face it ...
 Family is important , right , Camille ?
 Cami . I have to change this name tag .
 Drunk guys keep hitting on me in French .
 You sure you haven 't been in here before ?
 Your face looks so familiar .
 You must have seen me out and about .
 Aren 't you dating Marcel Gerard ?
 He 's a pal of mine ... Sort of .
 I heard he had a crush on the blond bartender at Rousseau 's .
 I would hardly call it dating .
 He 's wooing me ... Sort of .
 I don 't know .
 He 's very charming , which probably means
 I should run for the hills .
 I 'm kind of in an on- again/ off- again thing myself at the moment .
 Those are the worst , aren 't they , 
 the ones you can 't shake , even though you know better , and you always know better ?
 I like you , Cami .
 Most girls have the unfortunate tendency of being whiny , little twits .
 Thanks ... I think .
 Hey , I 'm supposed to go to this posh charity thing thrown by this philanthropist tonight .
 He 's a bit of a Gatsby , throws a mean party .
 Any interest ?
 Little sister .
 Well , brother , I believe I 've made certain
 Marcel will be properly distracted tonight .
 Dare I ask ?
 Let 's just say his attention will not be on us .
 I did my bit .
 What are you doing to ensure Elijah 's safe return ?
 Currently , I 'm preparing insurance against the tender- hearted .
 Meaning ?
 We need proper motivation for Katie to cast a powerful spell tonight .
 I 'm creating that motivation .
 Marcel has ordered a rousting of the witches .
 No !
 I , in turn , have arranged for things to go tragically wrong .
 You understand what you 're to do ?
 Good .
 What 's happening out there ?
 Oh , it 's Klaus .
 He 's convinced Marcel that the witches are planning to make a move against him .
 Marcel wants us to send a message , and if he thought I was playing favorites just because I 'm in love with a witch ...
 Say that again .
 I love you , Katie , and all this is gonna be ok , promise .
 Marcel may not be concerned with Thierry 's romantic entanglements ...
 I already got that one .
 But there are other crimes which he 'll be
 less inclined to so easily forgive ...
 Aah ! Thierry !
 Aah ! Leave her alone . Get off .
 Killing a vampire , for example .
 That would be unforgivable .
 If Katie hopes to save her one true love from Marcel 's punishment , well , a rescue mission
 like that will require something positively magical , but then ...
 What 's worth dying for if not love ?
 Well , this certainly is a fitting backdrop for tonight 's events , I must say .
 Hey What 's she doing here ?
 What better way to distract Marcel than to put his very human , new girl in a room chock full of vampires ?
 Hello , darling . You look precious .
 This party is ridiculous , but I think I could get to enjoy this place .
 Is he the infamous on- again/ off- again ?
 He 's the brother , actually , and my sister is right .
 You do look stunning .
 You clean up pretty well yourself .
 Well , don 't be fooled , luv .
 I 'm the devil in disguise .
 You two chitchat . I need booze .
 Shall we ?
 Ok .
 Scotch , please .
 You trying to be cute inviting her here ?
 I think she 's darling .
 I can tell you fancy her pure heart .
 Perhaps I 'll feed it to you .
 Hmm , jealousy looks good on you , Bekah .
 The guy of hers Rebekah was talking about ...
 I 'm sensing that would be Marcel .
 I wouldn 't worry about it .
 Ancient history .
 I 'm beginning to think your sister is a bit of a bitch .
 It 's as though she invented the term .
 Listen .
 Pardon me for a moment .
 Cami .
 Hey , killer party .
 Oh , it 's more of a work thing .
 I would 've invited you ...
 Oh , no . We 've been on one date .
 No explanation necessary .
 You do your thing . I 'll entertain myself .
 What , leave you alone ,
 looking the way you do ?
 Hell with that .
 You 're not supposed to be out here .
 Who are you ?
 Sorry . I didn 't mean to scare you .
 I 'm Sabine . We met .
 I 'm one of Sophie 's friends .
 You 're one of the witches .
 Sophie just asked me to come keep you company while everyone is out .
 You know , it 's drawn to you .
 The child you 're carrying is part vampire , part werewolf .
 You and Klaus made something special .
 You sound like Elijah .
 He thinks this baby is gonna make us one big , happy family , but now he 's gone , 
 and I don 't even know what ...
 It is .
 You know , I can do something about that if you want ,
 I mean , find out if it 's a boy or girl .
 I thought you couldn 't do witchy stuff around here .
 It 's not magic , just an old trick my grandmother taught me .
 Come on .
 You have to be a little curious .
 I thought you said you were in community work .
 Community fundraising .
 Throw a party , folks open their wallets .
 It 's kind of my thing .
 Guess I 'm what you call a necessary evil .
 And Rebekah , she 's one of your donors ?
 She 's an old friend .
 Can 't be that old .
 She looks younger than me .
 You 'd be surprised .
 I was a kid when I met her .
 Enough about her .
 I just want to be right here with you .
 You really are a hideously evil little thing , aren 't you ?
 Nonsense . They 're perfect for each other .
 You wanted Marcel distracted .
 My cue to leave .
 Excuse me .
 What the hell did you do ?
 Not here .
 No , not here . 
 I know you think he 's a monster .
 It doesn 't matter what I think .
 Thierry killed another vampire .
 He broke Marcel 's biggest rule .
 You 'll never see him again ...
 Unless we do something .
 " We " ?
 I want to save our people .
 You want to save Thierry ?
 There 's only one way we can do both .
 You ready ?
 Marcel . Something is coming .
 Magic .
 I want to hear your side of it .
 Hey , Marcel , come on .
 Your version . Go .
 We were tossing the cauldron .
 This guy , some nightwalker , he attacked Katie for no reason .
 His name was Max . I turned him .
 As far as reasons go , he doesn 't need one .
 She was a witch . He was a vampire .
 Now he 's dead .
 I didn 't mean for it to happen .
 You broke my most important rule .
 Damn it , T. How long we been friends , 70 years ?
 Yeah .
 I turned you into something that would never die .
 I gave you a gift .
 And I have been loyal to you all this time , and I still am .
 I 'm still your friend , Marcel .
 I swear , that hasn 't changed .
 You were right , luv .
 He 's got a temper , doesn 't he ?
 I guess this is the moment I remember I know better .
 We found this at his girl 's place .
 Still my friend , huh ?
 That 's funny because it looks to me
 like that little witch of yours got her hands on a spell that I keep locked away .
 Marcel , I have never seen that .
 Shut up .
 I see on your hand , you still have the daylight ring I gave you .
 So what would you need with the recipe for making new ones unless maybe you and Katie were gonna go off and start a little kingdom of your own ?
 Marcel , no .
 Here 's a lesson in friendship .
 Friends don 't lie to me , they don 't break my rules , and they do not steal what is mine .
 For the crime of murdering one of his own ,
 I sentence Thierry Vanchure to 100 years in the garden .
 And it begins .
 You 're doing the right thing .
 It 's the only way to find Elijah .
 I 'm doing what I have to do .
 Katie , no !
 Like clockwork .
 Hurry .
 No !
 You 're here to save your man .
 Well , come on , little girl .
 Die , you son of a bitch .
 No ! Katie !
 Something is wrong .
 Katie 's magic stopped .
 I can keep going .
 You can 't . She 'll sense it .
 No . I can find Davina . I just need another moment .
 You may be willing to die to get your witch back , but Hayley and the baby will die with you .
 Elijah will never forgive us , and rescuing him will be for nothing .
 It 's over . We failed .
 No . Katie . No , no , no , no .
 No .
 Just tell me this .
 Was she worth it ?
 I loved her .
 Seal him up and let him rot .
 How much did Cami see ?
 She just saw an argument , mate .
 It 's nothing you can 't fix .
 You really like her , don 't you ?
 I like that she 's not a part of any of this .
 Sometimes it 's good to see the world the way the humans do .
 I am sorry about Thierry , you know ?
 I can tell he was a good friend .
 I made him what he was .
 Obviously , my trust was misplaced .
 Doesn 't make it easier .
 You saved me tonight . I guess I owe you one .
 You asked for your brother back .
 Seems like the least I can do .
 Cami ...
 Don 't even try it .
 I get the bro code .
 You 're here to smooth things over for your friend .
 It 's very nice of you , but ...
 But you 've been hurt before , and you aren 't taking any more chances .
 Something like that .
 The guy I saw tonight , not the guy I thought he was , and if he can turn on a dime like that ...
 Sounds like more than just a broken heart .
 Someone broke your trust ...
 Camille , the brave bartender .
 I 'm sorry ...
 But I need you to give Marcel another chance .
 Wow . I totally misread that .
 You read it quite well , but we all have our roles to play .
 You went to Marcel 's . You danced .
 You feel badly hat he had a row with his friend , but otherwise , all you remember is that it was perfect .
 Well , tonight was an epic failure .
 On the contrary , sister .
 Tonight was a masterpiece .
 Are you mad ?
 Katie died before Sophie could complete the spell .
 Oh , I 'm well aware . I killed Katie .
 You what ?
 There 's no way our little suicide witch wasn 't gonna try and take out
 Marcel with her .
 I saved his life , and in doing so ,
 I now have him exactly where I want him .
 Sophie trusted you .
 I trusted you against all my better instincts .
 Wake up , Rebekah .
 The witches are on no one 's side but their own .
 This girl Davina , that 's all they want , and when they have her , what do you think happens then , a truce ?
 Of course not .
 They will use Davina 's power against all of us .
 Even if you 're right , the plan was to find Elijah , and you failed us .
 You always did lack faith .
 By protecting Marcel , I 've cemented his trust , so much so that he 's agreed to return Elijah to us , and when the time is right , when he has told me everything
 I need to know about Davina ,
 I will have her for myself .
 I have all the faith in the world that you 'll get what you want , Nik .
 You always do , no matter what it costs the rest of us .
 You disgust me .
 Are you ok ? I was so worried .
 Thank you .
 Whatever you did , I felt it .
 You helped me .
 It was the old ones , wasn 't it ?
 Actually , Klaus is the one that saved me tonight .
 I 'm gonna make things right , starting off by giving him his brother back .
 No .
 What ?
 Davina ...
 No .
 You said the old ones were dangerous .
 I won 't give him back until I know how to kill them .
 I thought you might like to know ,
 Elijah is returning to us .
 Congratulations .
 I guess being diabolical has its perks .
 You hardly know him , and yet you miss him .
 What is it about my brother that always inspires such instant admiration ?
 He was kind to me .
 There are moments when I doubt if my family is capable of redemption ...
 Hey , I learned something today .
 I think it 's a girl .
 Elijah , voice- over yet each time that I am tempted to surrender , I see it , the glimmer of goodness that allows me to believe .
 You 're following me .
 Maybe you 're just in my way .
 I told you no good would come from this unholy alliance of yours .
 At least I 'm doing something .
 What about you ?
 Sabine , tell them what you saw .
 It 's the girl , the wolf .
 I think it 's a girl .
 No .
 Wait .
 Wait what ?
 Please tell me I 'm not having a mini Klaus .