


















0 0 : 0 1 : 0 4 , 5 6 4 - -&gt; 0 0 : 0 1 : 0 6 , 4 8 3 ‎ Hey did you hear that? ‎ Enough to know that she saved you
‎ So. . .
‎ What 's next?
‎ later



‎ Who is that person?

‎ This person is . . .

‎ is the one who saved my life
‎ Kim I got the money and went back
‎ I thought it was all done
‎ Then I suddenly . . . ‎ was taken by a gangster . . .
‎ ambushed
‎ A drug cartel gangster
‎ They took the money
‎ Then one of them . . . ‎ put a gun to my head
‎ Then the guy on the phone showed up
‎ He killed them all with a sniper rifle ‎ He killed them all
‎ but only missed one
‎ someone escaped
‎ Then I helped him kill that man too
‎ Kim I. . . ‎ Jimmy
‎ God‎ God

‎ Let 's get out of here







‎ I thought we were going to a motel or a nail salon
‎ Best to stay in crowded places






‎ How is your shoulder?
‎Should I put something on you‎ or does that just make you more painful?
‎ I think . . .
‎ I . . .

‎ Am I dragging you down?

‎ Are you dragging me down?
‎ I got you involved
‎ What Happened Tonight
‎ If you hadn 't been with me, none of this would have happened





‎ You do cross the line
‎ But you won 't do it again next time
‎ not anymore

‎ I am very tired today
‎ get out of the way to make room for me




‎ good night


‎ NETFLIX Original Series
‎ ( cordon )


‎ how?
‎ He crossed the border and continued south
‎ Looks like he 's heading home to Chihuahua
‎ He should be there in a few hours
‎ - ok‎ - a little problem
‎ He took Varga with him. ‎ Why?
‎ If he thought Varga was doing something for you‎ he would have killed him long ago
‎ If I had to guess, Varga got a promotion

‎ Can you get in touch with Varga?
‎ Salamanca 's house is where birds don 't poop
‎ Landline and satellite phones only
‎ This is a technical problem
‎ According to the current situation, he will definitely be affected by the firefight
‎ I think we should find a way to get him out of there

‎ Exposing our purpose?
‎ He deserves our consideration


‎ Did Varga know there was going to be an assassination attempt?
‎ No one ever told him, but he should be able to guess
‎ Maybe. . .
‎ We can take advantage of the current situation
‎ The assassins I picked are well-trained‎ They are the best in the industry
‎ But there is one condition they don 't have. . .
‎ is no internal response




‎ Someone came and drove an off-road vehicle
‎ I don 't know this car



















‎ ( no service)


‎ Naqiu, come here, don 't be shy


‎ Let me introduce you to Inacio
‎ He 'll be with us for a while ‎ He 's my friend
‎ They are all mine
‎ Yolanda she is the best chef in Chihuahua
‎ You will eat the best food in your life
‎ He is in charge of the Celicio Gardens
‎ He grows the best tomatoes
‎ They are Tito, Miguel, Gerardo, Raul‎ and everyone else is idiots
‎ They were supposed to be security guards
‎ But I keep them around‎ because they are so handsome, right? ‎ What are you doing? ‎ Do I have to carry my own luggage?
‎ I 'm sorry. . .
‎ Go, bastard!

‎ hey listen welcome you
‎ lol you 're at my house ‎ dude walk us in













‎ Hey do you have anything with aloe vera?
‎ good morning
‎ good morning
‎ I didn 't wake you up, did I?
‎ Aren 't you going to court?
‎ Have a hearing on me at 10 o 'clock
‎ I want to see if I can meet Oakley before I go to court‎

‎ You look sleepless
‎ yes



‎ Hey I might have a better idea‎ Why don 't we just hang out here for a day
‎ Everything here‎ Heated pool, poolside bar, hot tub‎ but I didn 't bring a swimsuit
‎ I also don 't have a shop downstairs‎ We can go to the spa
‎ go for that couples massage
‎ You have a sunburn and still go for a massage? ‎ yes


‎ Or try a seaweed wrap
‎ Then we can go to the ‎ co-ed sauna

‎ Sweat to detox and then . . .
‎ And 24 hours room service‎ Hey what 's life‎ to relax more comfortably than during the day
‎ Then a cheeseburger in the middle of the night is more comfortable?
‎ please hey shouldn 't we enjoy it?
‎ Jimmy I have a client ‎ Um‎ You just resigned from Schweickart ‎ Take a day off

‎ The clerks like you a lot‎ They will definitely agree to your extension
‎ Hey Kim
‎ We stay in the hotel like John and Yoko
‎ You don 't think it 's safe for me to go out

‎ Maybe but. . .
‎ There is someone under Lalo, right? ‎ So it doesn 't matter where he is
‎Once he found something wrong‎ We were all dead with a phone call.
‎ Is there anything else you are hiding from me?
‎ No, but it 's okay to be cautious, right?
‎ What about tomorrow? ‎ What about the day after tomorrow?

‎ Where 's Jimmy next week?
‎ I don 't know

‎ okay
‎ In my opinion‎ We 'll just have to be careful in the future
‎ Kim listens. . .
‎ Courthouse . . . just three blocks from here‎ It 's all police The police headquarters is next door

Yoshimai ...
‎ it 'll be alright‎ we 'll see you later







‎ Hey it 's me I want to know what 's going on
‎ Bullshit I wonder what 's going on
‎ It 's not good enough
‎ so you . . . let 's talk face to face
‎ You tell me where you are and I will find you . . .
‎ Hello?







‎ This means we won the state government dropped the case
‎ No you don 't have to come to court
‎ Now we have free time in the morning




‎ Sorry Mary, I have to hang up
‎ but if you have any questions feel free to call me ok ok bye
‎ Hey Grant? Do you have the time?

‎ How are you? ‎ let me think
‎ I had half an hour for four graffiti artists‎ and one trying at the rupee tuesday restaurant
‎ Homeless man who stuffed 1 or 2 overcooked eggs in his pants ‎ files plea deal
‎ This is the daily life of the prosecutor‎ How are you today?
‎ I have some free time and want to find something to do‎ Free time? ‎ You mean you charge $250 an hour‎ and then have free time?
‎ If I were you, I would have my daily schedule full
‎ I want to pick up some more cases that the prosecutor 's office can 't solve
‎ Then you go to the contract contact person‎ Gloria will arrange it for you
‎ Grant 's problem is ‎ I know I can 't pick a case
‎ But I want to take a more specific case
‎ A specific case? For example?
‎ I just want to make sure my time is getting the most out of me
‎ I understand
‎ So taking the case of the common poor‎ is not good enough for you
‎ You want the kind of client who can help you get into the prosecutor 's office. Grant just give me some difficult cases.
‎ Think about how much extra time you 're going to spend on the guy who stuffed the eggs
‎ If I promise you, you 'll have to take a repeat case
‎ No problem‎ I 'm talking about a trial case
‎ Not the kind of case where you and a friendly assistant district attorney can reach a plea deal in three minutes.
‎ I pick 2 0 today
‎ 20? Is this your proposal?
‎ 20 felons? ‎ yes
‎ to hold

‎ you come with me
‎ Hey Dana, can you tell the judge‎ Can I be 15 minutes late?
‎ ( Public Prosecutor Archives)
‎ I have to warn you it 's as clogged as ‎ the outdoor toilets at Woodstock




‎ This is a drug possession case
‎ This is a case of intentional possession of drugs
‎ These are personal attacks
‎Wait a minute‎ No personal assault cases are on the other side of the shelf
‎ Are these cases unsolved?
‎ almost
‎ There are more drug cases in the last quarter of this year than in previous years‎ Handling drug cases is like working as a private lawyer‎ As soon as the luxury official car drives
‎ Run away in a flash
‎ These are public drinking cases‎ Minor burglary cases
‎ Destruction of property cases
‎ DUI cases
‎ trespassing
‎ Manslaughter Cases‎ Immigration Cases‎ Domestic Violence Cases
‎ Or if you really want to. . . ‎ Juvenile delinquency cases‎ Go see for yourself
‎ Tell me what cases you want to do‎ I can hand it over to you‎ I 'll get you a case






‎ give me a flashlight
‎ When talking to the big boss, remember to call him Mr.
‎Speak the truth no matter what he asks you
‎ The simpler the answer, the better
‎ If he likes you he will promote you ‎ hey
‎ Don 't think I can 't read your mind, okay? ‎ I can see it is true
‎ But now we ask for stability, shall we?
‎ What if he doesn 't like me?


‎ you 'll be fine
‎ Pass me the socket wrench



‎ - I have to go to the bathroom‎ - No problem‎ Go straight back on the left
‎ Hey don 't get my sink dirty, you know?




‎ (Missed Calls)
‎ ( unknown number)
‎ Hello?
‎ Salamanca house has a back door tonight at 3am
‎ open the door and get out of there
‎ Who are you?

‎ 3 AM Got it?
‎ Do you want to kill all the absolutes?
‎He has seven people here‎ but a few older ones
‎ They never hurt anyone
‎ ( no service)


‎ Then I want you both to think hard about how to analyze our findings, there will definitely be a lot of documents, so we have to learn resource management
‎ Howard
‎ - Kim‎ - nice to meet you
‎ Where are you going?
‎ Please help me press three layers
‎ Have you seen my paralegal? ‎ Paul Shepard and Michelle Avila‎ Seem not as good as you are
‎ - hello‎ - nice to meet you

‎ Hey two this is Kim Wexler ‎ She used to work at Hamlyn McGill
‎ Now Head of Banking at Schweickart &amp; Cockley LLP
‎ Nice to meet you both



‎ Actually I don 't work at Schweickart anymore‎ and I don 't do banking.
‎ Is it?
‎ I resigned yesterday
‎ Take Care Howard
‎ Gold! Wait a moment
‎ I 'm a little curious, where have you been? ‎ Rivers &amp; Green?
‎ I 'm now solo again
‎ Richie let you go?
‎ It wasn 't him who left me voluntarily
‎ What about Mesa Verde?
‎ I suggest they continue working with Schweickart
‎ I know it 's personal money‎ but can you tell me why?
‎ - It 's a private matter and I have to . . . ‎ - I 'll delay you for a minute
‎ Please is the important thing


‎ What 's wrong?



‎ I was going to say nothing

‎ Last time I confessed that my heart didn 't end well
‎ I just think . . .
‎ Before you make any important life decisions... . .
‎ Something you need to know about Jimmy
‎ good
‎ I invited him to work at my law firm a while ago‎ I guess he didn 't tell you
‎ He said he had to think about it
‎ But the next night‎ he threw a bowling ball through my front door
‎ Bowling? ‎ he might hit someone
‎ He smashed my car and a few weeks later‎ I had lunch with Cliff Mayne
‎ Ended up being entangled with two prostitutes
‎ real whore
‎ Jimmy sent them over to make a fool of me
‎ I questioned him face to face
‎ He was vague at first . . . ‎ and finally admitted


‎ That 's it? ‎ Sorry. . .
‎ Howard
‎ You are so funny‎ You can laugh

‎ But a sane person would never do things like Jimmy
‎ Jimmy can 't control himself
‎ You and I both know it makes no sense to give up on clients like Mesa Verde
‎ I have to think Jimmy has something to do with it
‎ You know how insulting you are when you say that?
‎ I made this decision myself‎ I have my own reasons‎ You have to listen to me when he needs help
‎ Howard, I understand Jimmy, you 're wrong
‎ Do you know who really knows Jimmy?
‎ Chuck




‎ Open the door bastard!
‎ Open the door! I want to talk to you!



‎ how?
‎ You thought I couldn 't find‎ your super secret hiding place?
‎ Useless, you miscalculated this time‎ I am your lawyer and you have to let me in!




‎ I 'm not going anywhere I 'm telling the truth
‎ I have nowhere to go anyway
‎ Open the door! ‎ Hey!
‎ Do you know what you are doing?
‎ You finally showed up
‎ Looks like you don 't like people dropping by suddenly, right?
‎ I can 't imagine why
‎ - Keep your voice down and there are neighbors around you‎ - I won 't be quiet
‎ I want to know the answer, okay?
‎ You have to tell me the truth‎ or I won 't leave
‎ you come in
‎ Okay listen to me
‎ good

‎ you saved my life

‎ I thank you for this
‎ but from now on‎ you have to tell me buddy
‎ It wasn 't my fault I was ambushed‎ Why should I lie to Salamanca?
‎ Who am I lying for?
‎ You gotta tell me what 's going on hurry up!
‎ Don 't worry about it
‎ please
‎ listen to me
‎ You are not allowed to use 'this is not over' to kill me‎ Tell me the specific situation!
‎ You 're asking something you shouldn 't know



‎ If anything happens to her . . .


‎ I can 't hurt her I can 't



‎ okay
‎ okay
‎ listen carefully and keep your mouth shut
‎ This guy is planning something else ‎ He doesn 't even care about you

‎ La Roma Salamanca Tonight. . .
‎ will be dead‎ tonight?
‎ By this time tomorrow it will all be over
‎ okay

‎ Listen up . . .
‎ leave quickly
‎ My family is coming







‎ very good

‎ Is the money a little less this time? ‎ We haven 't had much luck lately
‎ Luck?
‎ Mr. Elidio‎ Gustavo assured me it was over



‎ Look who 's here!
‎ Mr. Elidio!

‎ I knew the Americans couldn 't hold you!
‎ Bolsa
‎ You must have spent a lot of money to get out, right?
‎ You gave the Yankees money?
‎ I thought you would . . .
‎ You also know the rules over there
‎ But don 't worry, I didn 't come home empty-handed either
‎ What is this?
‎ It was Bolsa who brought it back to me from Forint
‎ Is it?
‎ Of course!
‎ Hey right. . .
‎ I found a key‎ but not sure if it 's yours
‎ probably not
‎ Weird but. . .
‎ Let 's see what it opens


‎ Hawaiian Detective
‎ So beautiful!
‎ it 's beautiful
‎ Bolsa? ‎ good car

‎ Maybe in the trunk. . .
‎ Got something?
‎ let 's see
‎ Sir‎ The trunk of this car is in the front


‎ So. . .
‎ Should be called 'front trunk'

‎ show me
‎ ' front trunk '
‎ Gifts!
‎ What is it?
‎ He 's awesome
‎ Right, Bolsa?
‎ It 's called 'acting'!
‎ Mr. Elio
‎ I would like to introduce you to Inacio Varga
‎ He 's our new head of Northside
‎ Isn 't he from your Salamanca family?
‎ Hector has been running the business since he fell ill
‎ He is a friend of Tucker
‎ Is Tucker for real?
‎ Are you okay with your brain?
‎ I 'm kidding you
‎ Let 's have a good chat, we have to get to know each other

‎ Such words
‎ How are you going to make money for me?





‎ I will sell as much as you give me
‎ I will break new ground
‎ Take out other competitors
‎ New territory?
‎ Who are you going to take this territory from?
‎ First. . .
‎ motorcycle gang
‎ Motorcycle gang?
‎ Those who ride motorcycles?
‎ So you 're going to be with that group of motorcyclists
‎ The Yankees go to war?
‎ This is your plan

‎ Mr. Elio
‎ These gangs are torn apart
‎ We let them fight
‎ and annihilate them in one fell swoop
‎ Looks like you are a businessman
‎ Inacio Varga
‎ What do you want? ‎ - What do I want? ‎ - yes

Respect
‎ I want to make my own decisions and do things my own way
‎ I don 't allow other people to play with my thoughts
‎ I don 't want to live in fear every day
‎ You don 't want to live in fear?
‎ My friend, you are in the wrong business
‎ you 'll be fine





‎ Really? ‎ really

‎ How do you know?
‎ I talked to my people
‎ - Laro is in Mexico and he will stay there‎ - but you said he might call someone . . .

‎ he wouldn 't do that
‎ - Your people? How could he be sure? ‎ - He won 't tell me but he just knows
‎ - You believe him? ‎ - believe in me
‎ So we are safe?
‎ yes

‎ God
‎ God
‎ That 's great
‎ That 's great, right?
‎ This . . . what happened to you? it 's over


‎ This time it 's over
‎ There will be no next time





‎ Gold . . .
‎ We 've been having a rough time lately
‎ I think a lot . . .
‎ Let 's check out and go home
‎ I packed all my things‎ and yours, but you take another look

‎ But we paid for tonight 's room
‎ Don 't you mean going to the spa?
‎ We haven 't tried room service yet
‎ Kim, don 't you want to go home?

‎ ' Grated Angus Beef Patties with a Layer of Choda
‎ Homegrown Chili‎ Home Baked Sesame Seed Buns
‎ Plus golden brown fries sprinkled with truffle salt'
‎ Truffle Salt
‎ I 'm hungry Jimmy‎ I don 't have anything to eat at home anyway so . . . ‎ Why don 't you eat here

‎ I saw Howard in court today
‎ Is it? ‎ He told me . . . ‎ someone smashed his car with a bowling ball
‎ and prostitutes harassing him at lunch

‎ Anyway those are in our . . .
‎ Before we got married? ‎ yes

‎ Do you know why Hamlin told me?

‎ for my own good

‎ It 's like I 'm waiting for him to ride a white horse to the rescue
‎ This. . . ‎ He never thinks only of himself
‎ He never thought of anyone else
‎ That guy is so narcissistic
‎ He needs to be fixed
‎ So. . .
‎ Then what?

‎ You attacked his car‎ You ruined his reputation so . . .
‎ I think the next target could be . . .
‎ his hair
‎ Right? if . . .
‎ I 'm brainstorming‎ If we trick him into drinking a bottle of Mickey
‎ When he faints, we take out the old clippers and shave him bald
‎ Neil Hair Removal Cream‎ What? ‎ This is a bad street prank

‎ But we can sneak into his country club‎ and put a depilatory cream on his champagne bottle
‎ Then he went to take a shower and . . .
‎ - It 's good to fall out‎ - Yes
‎ or. . .
‎ We poured a bucket of chlorine in his pool‎ - and . . . ‎ - bleached his hair and eyebrows
‎ Yes and eyebrows


‎ Or again. . .
‎ We broke into his house
‎ Replace all his multi-layer toilet paper rolls with single-layer ones
‎ Really ruthless to start with his daily necessities
‎ or whatever tanner he 's using‎ we switch to sunscreen
‎ He goes to the tanning bed every day . . . ‎ and it turns out to be a waste of time‎ or . . .

‎ or. . .

‎ Or what?
‎ We would never do it but . . .
‎ What will never do?

‎ If . . .

‎ What if Howard did something bad?
‎ Like killing the waiter because the cauliflower had butter in it?
‎ No I mean very bad behavior
‎ such as misbehaving
‎ For example, embezzlement of public funds . . .
‎ bribing witnesses
‎ Do you know what this means for the case of Sembord‎?
‎ Such a large class action case? ‎ it could ruin everything

‎ Cliff Mayne will be mad ‎ He will surely reconcile
‎ And a quick reconciliation

‎ Will he?
‎ To think about their involvement in the case

‎ About two years of work, right?
‎ If this case falls, they 'll get nothing so that 's right
‎ Cliff Mayne will accept any offer from Sembard
‎ I 've tried my best to get the Senbaide case settled
‎ Yes, but you 're wrong
‎ I 'm sorry but this is the way to go

‎ Those old people won 't get a penny
‎ If Sembord settles now‎ they will each get 15 to 20 bucks
‎ But they get money when they can afford it
‎ Lawyers Get Paid too‎ Lawyers Get Paid Too
‎ How Much Mutual Fund Can You Take? ‎ we can take 20%
‎ I am. . . I am. . .
‎ - Or forget it? ‎ - good
















‎ hey‎ hey
‎ Sit



‎ Hey you 're doing well today you know?
‎ I 'll show you around tomorrow‎ When you go back north . . .
‎ You are half of the Salamanca family, you know?
‎ thank you


‎ Are you a night owl too? Still not going to sleep?
‎ No, I can 't sleep tonight
‎ Well, I have very little sleep
‎ Only sleep for one or two hours
‎ That 's enough

‎ Only when . . .
‎ I can think well
‎ My best ideas are‎ when other people are asleep

‎ Some call it a curse‎ but I like it
‎ I can 't speak well
‎ I 'd rather sleep‎ but we can 't sleep right now



‎ Are there any stronger wines?
‎ That 's right‎ In the decanter at the bottom of the bar 's shelf








‎ You finally came back I thought you were lost
‎ Have you ever drunk Louis XIII Cognac? ‎ No‎ Then I 'll treat you to a drink




‎ Respect for sleep and those who need it
‎ Respect for sleep

‎ What 's going on?
‎ These idiots don 't know how to respect people!
West back!
‎ What 's up with that bastard?






‎ He 's inside the kitchen


West back!
‎ Always!
‎ Theo! come on in! ‎ Theo
‎ What 's the boss?
‎ - What did you do? Are you smoking again? ‎ - Boss, I really didn 't smoke
West Oku
‎ Don 't lie to me, don 't blame Miguel‎ I 've had enough of lies
‎ Boss I swear to God I have a lighter‎ See? really not me






























‎ Go in and see where the exit is

‎ What did you see?
‎ Below is a straight line about 100 meters long
‎ I can see his blood and he 's nearby‎ What 's wrong?
‎ Is that him?






‎ What do you want to eat? ‎ Give me everything
‎ Don 't give me mint chips
‎ I set my alarm for 6 o 'clock‎ because we have to check out and go home before work

‎ That 's two and a half hours and that sounds pretty good


‎ So what would you do?
‎ I don 't know about you?
‎ I 'll dig Stef from Schweickart
‎ I 'll poach Bruce from Hamlyn McGill
‎ I will dig Verla
‎ I will rent the smallest and worst office in the courthouse
‎ Then handle public interest cases
‎ Let ordinary people enjoy the services that only millionaires can enjoy
‎ I actually wanted to say we bought a house just now
‎ sorry of course
‎ We can do both
‎ As far as I know, Shengbaide is willing to pay 26 million
‎ Wow that third is 8.5 million
‎ - then multiply by 2 0 % and that 's . . . ‎ - about two million



‎ but impossible
‎ OK Kim
‎ We 're not talking about the tricks in the bar‎, but the mass destruction


‎ We have to hurt him
‎ hurt him badly
‎ To get a lot of lawyers to rush out of the relationship‎ Howard had to do one thing . . . ‎ The unforgivable thing
‎ In the end he may never be able to practice again
‎He didn 't deserve this ending‎ And who knows if we 'll make it?

‎ Okay maybe we can make it ‎ but we won 't do that

‎ We 're talking about career setbacks
‎ Just a setback in a lawyer 's career
‎ Well I know you can help a lot‎ I get it but . . .
‎ Kim does this kind of thing . . . ‎ not your style
‎ okay? you won 't allow this to happen
‎ You wouldn 't do that anyway
‎ Is it?





‎ I 'm going to take a shower so I don 't have to wash in the morning
‎ Kim, are you kidding me?















‎ There is a middleman
‎ I don 't know who hired us‎ It doesn 't matter
‎ I know


‎ You call them‎ You tell them though the process is difficult . . .
‎ But you got the job done
‎ I will help you











‎ Subtitle translation: ‎ Wu Chunyan
