 Previously on " The Originals " ...
 This town was my home once .
 Our community is under attack .
 They 're declaring war on us .
 I die , all because of your vow , always and forever .
 If you have come here seeking revenge , don 't ...
 Oh , I 'll have my revenge .
 I 'm Jackson .
 You 're the wolf who 's been watching me .
 Jackson :
 Marcel had us cursed by a witch . You and I are gonna have a little chat .
 You 're my family .
 My brother expects my loyalty as he has for 1, 000 years . Rebekah :

 Marcel :
 Klaus will never stop trying to control you .
 All his life , there 's only ever been one man he has truly feared ... My father Mikael .
 All we need is a witch who can help us find him .
 That 's how I 'm going to have my revenge , by showing you her betrayal .
 It was my idea to summon Mikael .
 Uhhaah !
 Both of you , run as far and as fast as you can .
 [ Music ]

 Well , this is a first ...
 Werewolves , vampires , witches , and dirty cops , all happy as clams and drunk as stoats .
 You got to love this city .
 To a new era of collaboration in the face of prohibition .
 To your docks , their booze , and our theaters to hide it under .
 You 're welcome , boys .
 Now I shall have to think of a way to thank you personally in a manner befitting a werewolf queen .
 Catch you on the dance floor .
 Who would have thought it possible ...
 The unification of New Orleans ?
 We did it , brother .
 Oh , certainly , we worked together , Niklaus , but this vision ...

 This was all you .
 This was all you .
 Camille ... Please .
 Why did you call me ?
 Have you found a way to help my uncle ?
 I can try , but first , I need your help .
 I don 't have time for games , Elijah .
 The hex on him is getting worse by the day .
 My brother has a mystical torture device buried in his chest , and the mother of his child is inexplicably missing .
 So , I can assure you , I have no time to play any games , either .
 What do you need me to do ?
 Cami :
 The dagger the witch gave me is inside of him ?
 And every second it remains causes Niklaus untold suffering . Who stabbed him ?
 I did , and now I intend to remove it .
 You might want to take a step back .
 Why am I here ?
 Because of all the people that could be here , you 're probably the only one he wouldn 't immediately slaughter .
 Mm ...
 Also , he speaks of you with what is a rare degree ...
 For him , at least ... Of respect .
 I can see you challenge him to see himself and others in a new light ...
 Ugh ...
 Ahh ...
 A wonderful skill that I shall be counting on very shortly .
 You see , Niklaus will be weak as he recovers .
 So watch over him and feed him if you would but slowly , please , and from your wrist .
 Don 't you guys have bags of blood in storage ?
 We do , but your blood is laced with vervain . So it will burn him .
 He 'll ingest it slower .
 Perhaps you could use the time constructively , persuade him not to murder his baby sister .
 Niklaus ...
 It was not my desire to bring you pain , but I will not see you hurt Rebekah .
 Now , I fear Sabine may be making a final move against us .
 I intend to find her and to end this .
 Elijah ...

 You will pay for this .
 Sabine :
 So what 's this , payback ? Look .
 I 'm sorry I tricked you . I wasn 't after you . Eve :
 What , and we were just collateral damage ?
 You almost burned her and Jackson alive in that plantation fire .
 [ Gunshot ]
 Careful , Sabine , or Celeste or whatever you like to call yourself .
 Sudden moves make me jumpy and homicidal .
 What , you 're gonna kill me , honey ? No . I know better .
 See , I know all about you .
 I know that you like to off yourself and then jump into other people 's bodies .
 Well , that 's not gonna happen here .
 I know I can 't kill you , but try hexing me , and my friend Eve here will kneecap you .
 Go for her , and then , well , I 'll really make it hurt .
 So what do you want ?
 Back in the nineties , you inhabited a witch named Brynne Deveraux , remember ?
 Marcel had her , you , put a curse on a lot of werewolves so they 'd only turn human on a full moon .
 I see .
 Yes .
 That was me . Let me guess .
 You want revenge .
 I want you to undo the curse .
 Wow , things I never thought I 'd be doing ...
 Feeding a vampire . My 16- year- old self would think
 I 'm really cool right now .
 Mm .
 Ah !
 Slow down .
 Ok . Doesn 't the vervain burn ?
 Ah ... ah ...
 As you may have yet to realize , Cami , the line between what brings us pain and what sustains us is far thinner than one imagines .
 You talking about my blood or your need to hunt down the people you love most ?
 I 'm too weak for one of your talks right now .
 She 's your sister .
 How can you hate her ?
 Because she has done what no one else has managed to do to me for 1, 000 years ...
 Rip my heart out . [ Music ]
 Look at these two pretending to be apart while so clearly a pair .
 Niklaus , not now .
 Why must you cause ...
 [ Clinking ]
 [ Music stops ]
 I 'd like to take this opportunity to draw attention to two people who have been sneaking around behind my back together .
 As we move into a new era , we require more progressive attitudes to match .
 So ... to my loving sister and my right- hand man and best friend Marcel , may they find joy in each other .


 Enough talk . Music .
 [ Music ]
 Over the years , I 've thwarted your loves simply to protect you .
 I knew if we had to run again , your heart would be broken , but we don 't have to run anymore .
 We 've found a home .
 [ Kiss ]
 Be happy , my sister .
 I 'd let my guard down and given in to happiness , more fool , I.
 Klaus , voice- over :
 Turns out , they 'd already betrayed me ...
 And brought to town the one thing I 'd been running from for centuries ...
 My father . Oh .
 Yes . Oh .
 So you 're consumed by revenge you 'll never achieve .
 Elijah implied Rebekah and Marcel could be anywhere in the world by now .
 Oh , I 'm not so sure about that .
 Can you believe we 're sitting out here in the open bold as brass ?
 Rebekah :
 No .
 Ah , it feels like heaven .
 You know , it 's been over 6 months since Genevieve summoned my father , and nothing .
 Her spell must have failed .
 Hey , if so , we dodged a bullet .
 Right .
 I am off to speak at the women 's temperance society meeting to make sure the wives of this city urge their husbands not to drink .
 Aren 't you all in the booze biz now ?
 Yes , but the more one tells you you can 't have something , the more you crave it at all costs .
 Ha ha ha !
 He 'll chase us to the ends of the earth , and he 'll find us .
 No one can hide forever , especially not from an angry Mikaelson .
 Then we go through with the plan .
 There 's only one way that we 'll truly be able to hide from Klaus forever .
 They 'll need a cloaking spell , and for that , they 'll need a witch .
 Davina is our one shot .
 If we go back and get her ...
 It 's a suicide mission .
 It 's our only hope .
 We resurrect her , take her with us , and get out of town .
 Then she can hide us from Klaus so he 'll never find us .
 We don 't even know the right witch to kill to bring her back . Then we 'll kill them all .
 Just kill the 3 witches that brought the mighty Klaus Mikaelson to his knees , no big deal .
 Look .
 Unless you want to spend eternity
 looking over your shoulder , there 's only one thing that we can do .
 There 's only one place they can go ...
 Home .
 [ Chanting in foreign language ]
 [ Footsteps ] When order is restored , your kind won 't be allowed in here .
 Well , fortunately , that day has not yet come .
 I need to find Sabine . I believe she 's taken someone very important to me .
 And you thought I 'd help you ?
 Sabine is one of us , committed to the rise of the witches .
 The only thing Sabine is committed to is the destruction of my family .
 And that would be a bad thing why ?
 Like your mother , my mother was also a witch , a very powerful witch .
 In fact , because of my family , her power now flows through your veins .
 Now , once Sabine manipulates those around her , she will do what she has always done .
 She will jump into another body and disappear ,
 leaving your witches powerless .
 No .
 She has the faith . She will see our power restored .
 There 's a way of guaranteeing this .
 I 'll also secure the safety of yourself and your kind .
 Here . This is from my mother 's grimoire .
 Celeste used a similar spell to body jump .
 If what Sabine says is true , when she sacrifices herself , all of her power will flow back into the earth .
 However , if she has lied and tries to take another body , this spell will deliver her to a very different destination .
 Now please locate Sabine .
 Rebekah :
 Papa Tunde is dead . That leaves Sabine ,
 Bastianna , and Genevieve .
 We want to kill them all , and as soon as Davina rises , we take her with us .
 Look .
 We have one shot at this , and I know our chances of success are sweet bugger all , but we 've got to do it .
 So please , one stray dog to another , help us .
 Not many go up against those odds and live to tell the story .
 Have you ?
 I 'm still standing here , aren 't I ?
 I 've gone up against the worst of them all .

 You 're a lucky man .
 Men search the world over for a woman like her .
 Well , she 's taken , friend .
 Oh , I can see that .
 It 's just that she reminds me so much of my departed wife as a girl .
 See , I 've been traveling for such a long time that it 's a blessing to see a familiar soul so far from home .
 I 'm sorry for your loss .
 Here 's to old faces in new places .
 I 've been in New Orleans for a day , and I find it to be quite surprising .
 Had I known of its charm and fascinating denizens ,
 I would have come ages ago . Don 't supposed I have to thank you for extending this invitation .
 Who are oh , you 're a smart man .
 I think you know .

 I 'm an intelligent man myself , so have a seat .
 Let me tell you what I learned about you this afternoon , Marcel Gerard .
 You chafe under the control of my son Niklaus and would do just about anything to get rid if him , even call the one man on this earth who hates him more than you do , but I couldn 't understand what you hoped to gain ...

 Rule of this city ?
 Well , as I said , New Orleans has its charms , but to call me ...
 The one they call the destroyer , the one who 's burnt cities far more charming to the ground in pursuit of his children ...
 But now I see .
 You did it for love , the love of my daughter .
 Don 't you dare touch her .
 Mm , so I 'm going to make you a promise .
 I won 't hurt Rebekah ...
 Truth be told , she was always my favorite ...
 And this city , you can have it , but first , you must tell me where to find my son .
 Uh ...
 You 're still weak .
 I 'm still hungry .
 There 's a fresh blood supply in the kitchen .
 You won 't make it that far .
 So be a good little boy and get back into bed .
 If I had a quid for every time a woman has tried that line on me ...
 You 'd have , like , no money .
 I beg to differ . Some women actually find me quite charming .
 Uh !
 Ha ha ha !
 Ha ha ha ! Sleeping with the enemy , I see .
 I 'm the ally now , darling .
 Well , indeed .
 Klaus : Oh , and as a gesture of goodwill from our old enemy , tickets to tonight 's opera ...
 " Les huguenots . "
 They have a soprano to die for . I 'll introduce you if you promise not to eat her .
 Oh , Lana , a good soprano is never dinner .
 Tell Rebekah to bring Marcel .
 Feel free to tell her now , big brother .
 I have some business I need to discuss with our new ally .
 Why am I not surprised you like opera ?
 I always had a particular soft spot for " les huguenots . "
 I like the story .
 It was a tale of forbidden love , a " Romeo and Juliet " of sorts .
 On the day they are to marry , family and long- festering hatred intervene .
 Thousands are massacred . A father even kills his own child in the final act .
 I can almost appreciate the irony .
 Here .
 It 's herbs ground into paste .
 It 'll act as a conduit for the spell .
 On the next full moon , your people become human .
 Feed it to them , the curse will be broken . Great way to poison us all at once .
 I know you have no reason to trust me , but , Hayley ,
 Look .
 I actually like you .
 I was you , caring for Elijah when he cared more for his brother , and I ended up dead .
 So did a lot of others . This , call it a chance for me to give you what I was too in love to give myself .
 It 's a chance to free yourself from The Originals .
 You believe her ?
 [ Growls ] Elijah :
 Whatever she 's promised you , it 's a lie .
 Elijah , it 's ok .
 I 'm ok .
 She cannot be trusted . She 's the only one that can help my pack .
 Do you have any idea what she has done to our family ?
 I know you want revenge , and come the next full moon , when I 'm sure her cure works , she 's all yours .
 Are you suggesting that we hold her , her , captive for an entire month ?
 It would take an army .
 And I 've got one .
 [ Howls ]
 [ Distant howling ]
 So help me or get out of my way .

 You tricked her .
 It 's no trick . You 're holding the cure for Hayley 's clan in your hand .
 If her wolves take that elixir , the curse is no more .
 They 're free .
 You condemned her people to decades of agony , and now you just break the curse without so much as a whimper .
 Why ?
 Because it 's the best thing I could do for her and it 's the worst possible thing
 I could do to you . What are you saying ?
 That , no matter what happens now , you 've lost her .
 You destroy that jar , you kill me ,
 Hayley will hate you for snatching her family from her .
 Now , if you give her the jar , we both know that she 'll leave you in the end to be with them , and I know that as long as she 's alive and happy and fulfilled in ways that you can 't even imagine , then I get my revenge .


 Give her everything she ever wanted and lose her or deny it , see what happens then . So you decide ...

 Where 's the third one ...
 Sabine ?
 I asked to meet with all 3 of you .
 Our meeting you at all is a courtesy for your being a friend to witches in the past , but courtesy has its limits .
 Now , you said you had information of interest to us .
 Rebekah and Marcel are back .
 They came for Davina , and they think that they can get her if they kill all 3 of you .
 Now look .
 I can lead you straight to them , but there 's something I want in return .
 And what 's that ?
 Your life .
 [ Chanting ]
 [ Chanting ]
 Follow me , and I 'll turn you both into ash .

 Forget her .
 We 'll get her later .
 Marcel , all we have is the element of surprise , and we have lost it .
 If we don 't leave now , there will be no one to save us .
 I already failed Davina once .
 I 'm not leaving her behind .

 Not sure that helps .
 Not sure it doesn 't .
 You want to self- medicate your self- pity , fine .
 Better scotch than my blood , no matter what Elijah says .
 Don 't speak to me of Elijah .
 He loves you . Yes .
 He does , and he proves it time and again , even when my father enlisted him to kill me .
 " Uguenots " .
 Saw it in venice , marvelous production .

 You .
 It 's all right , son . I just want to talk .
 You mercilessly hunt us for centuries . You laid waste to half of Europe .
 Now you simply wish to talk ?
 It was your bastard brother I hunted , not you , never you .
 You 're my blood , one that I 'd be proud to call son .
 So I came here to give you a chance to help me put down that whelp for good .
 Waah !
 Aah !

 Do you really not know me ?
 Do you think I could or would believe in anything that you say ?
 If you honestly believe that I would betray my own brother for you , you 're a fool without equal .
 I 'll forgive you your sentimental affections for the thing you call brother , but you need to realize , as I did when I learned his mother had lain with a beast to beget him ,
 Niklaus is an abomination .
 You do not talk to abominations . You do not reason with them .
 Do not try to change them .
 You erase them .
 So , yes , I am asking you to help me kill your brother .

 You keep saying kill , but you 're immortal .
 You can 't be killed .
 Oh , but we can , luv , and my father was the only one with the means to do it ...
 A white oak stake fashioned by my father to take from us the very thing he forced upon us all ...
 Our immortality .
 Stand with me or fall with him .
 Choose , son .
 I will always ...
 Choose him .
 Fine .
 Elijah has always carried guilt for that night for not stopping our father . Klaus , voice- over :


 I told him not to blame himself .
 When your father wants to kill you , he wants to kill you , nothing you can do about it .
 [ Cell phone vibrates ]
 Oh , I hate to be a know- it- all .
 My sister and her lover have been spotted in town .
 So story time endeth here , I 'm afraid .

 What is that ?
 A white oak stake , my own special version , and , unlike my father 's , this one cannot be destroyed .


 What are you doing ?
 Well , if you have to ask , you obviously haven 't been paying attention .
 I 'm going to kill my sister , but first , I needed some sustenance with a little less vervain in it , no offense .
 When Davina showed me all you did to me , all you took from me , I wanted to kill you .
 I even thought about burying that blade in you
 like the witches asked me to , but I didn 't . I stopped .
 I thought . I weighed the good I see in you versus the horrible things I know you 've done , and I realized if I hurt you ,

 I 'd be filled with a terrible regret . You will , too , if you hurt your sister , your sister , Klaus .
 As a person who has lost a sibling , who has felt that pain , you won 't survive if you 're the one who kills her .
 I 'll tell you what I almost didn 't survive , luv ...
 My sister bringing the most vile creature ever to have walked the earth down upon me .
 Yes , your father , but by hunting Rebekah and Marcel down to the ends of the earth , by terrorizing them the way you yourself were terrorized ...
 Don 't become your father .
 I 've been called every shade of monster , but that 's new .
 My father ?
 Mikael was the monster monsters were afraid of .
 Come .
 Let me show you .


 You came back . I 'll always come back .
 Take it .
 It will work .

 Eve and I will round up as many of our people as we can .
 Come full moon , I can finally free my family .

 Hayley ...

 I wonder if they have any idea how lucky they are to have you .
 Mm .

 That was touching , such a chaste , little kiss .
 The Elijah I knew was never so meek .
 Well , the Celeste I knew was never so cruel .
 What is it that you want ? What 's your endgame ?
 Oh , this game never ends , Elijah .
 We 're both immortal , you know .
 Then what 's the point if you can 't possibly win ?
 But I have .
 You just lost the girl , the girl you never made a move on because you were so desperate to save your family , and now your family lies in ruins .

 My family , despite all that you have done , will heal in time .
 If you had the time , maybe , but you really think Rebekah ran far and fast from here ?
 I bet she didn 't . She 's long gone .
 Is she ?
 She 's with Marcel .
 Now , Marcel loves Davina .
 Davina is dead , but she could come back under the right circumstances .
 You wouldn 't dare .
 If you hadn 't been so worried about Hayley , you might have figured it out sooner , but you know who did have the time to think about it ?
 Your brother .
 I wonder what he 'll do .
 Heh .
 Do it .


 You know your city 's history , that night in 1919 when the opera house burned down on this very spot ?
 That was my father at his worst .

 Klaus :
 Well , this is off to a bad start .
 Your first big date together in public after I gave you my blessing , and he stood you up .
 Something must have delayed him .
 Or , now that your elicit affair is out in the open , he finds the whole relationship a tad lackluster and has run off to havana with a showgirl .
 Don 't be such a toerag .
 I 'm going to check the lobby . See if you can 't find our brother while you 're there .
 The curtain is about to go up .
 I would advise against trying to flee , boy .
 I can drive this into your heart before you can even think of getting to your feet , and I don 't want you to die ... yet .

 Father ...
 " Father " ? Ha ha !
 Still clinging to that word after all these years , a bastard desperate for a daddy ?
 I wonder if your real father would be as embarrassed as I was of you before I discovered you were not mine .
 Most likely .
 Oh , oh . Uh- uh .
 Easy now , boy .
 Don 't worry .
 Death will come , but we need to have a little chat before you shuffle off your immortal coil .
 Any words we have for each other have been spoken long ago , but know this .
 I am no longer the animal begging for scraps of your affection .
 I will die knowing my hatred for you was just .
 I will fall proud of all I have achieved here .
 So ... Mikael ...
 If you 're going to kill me , then get on with it .
 Au contraire , Niklaus .
 Some things remain unsaid . For instance , you were right to be proud of your achievement here .
 As I walked the streets , your name was spoken of in reverent tones by the city 's finest .
 So after I kill you ,
 I will remain here in New Orleans until every last person who remembers you is dead .
 The deeds of the mighty Klaus will be remembered by no one ...
 And you , boy , will simply never have existed .
 [ Orchestra tuning ]
 Ah . The grand show .
 Oh , I made some alterations in your honor .
 You 'll love it .
 [ Baton taps ]


 Klaus , voice- over :
 And what a show it was .

 Mikael compelled the audience to watch it all , applaud as if it were the drollest of comedies and then to leave celebrating a terrific night at the opera .
 I tried to save Marcel .
 [ Spike clatters ]
 My father had other ideas .
 Rebekah attempted to intervene .
 Yaah !
 [ Applause ]
 All these years , I actually believed she was trying to save me ...
 Klaus :
 Agh !
 [ Laughter and applause ]

 But then big brother swooped in ...
 There 's no helping Marcel .
 Just when we thought all was lost .
 We must run . Klaus , voice- over :
 And so I ran , beaten like the dog my father believed me to be ...
 Agh !
 Klaus , voice- over :
 And as we fled for our lives , he burnt it all to the ground and with it , he assumed , Marcel .

 I lived , but all that we had built died , as did the last shred of me that felt human .
 That is what my father took from me that night .
 I assure you , Camille , I will not terrorize my sister and her lover for centuries .
 Nor will I humiliate and torment or dehumanize them .
 No , none of that .
 I will simply and quickly end them .
 Klaus , wait .

 Now , you didn 't have to bite me to get me here .
 I wanted front- row seats to this show .
 And what show would that be ?
 The one where you see your " always and forever " pact come crashing down around you .
 It 's a myth , Elijah , a myth I died for .
 And yet here you stand alive ...
 For now .
 Is that a threat ?
 Oh , there 's always another pretty , young body for me to jump into .
 From now on , every time you feel a connection to a woman , you 'll be forced to wonder if it 's me .
 You 'll trust no one and spend the rest of eternity alone .

 Ha ha ha !
 Ha ha ha !
 I 'm afraid you 're trapped . Boundary spell .
 The Originals can enter , but they can 't leave .
 You wouldn 't .
 I would , and I did .


 I got you , D. I got you .



 It 's a trap .
 Run . Get Davina out of here .
 I 'm not leaving you behind .
 You must .
 I will not leave you behind .
 I swear I will join you .
 Go .
 Get Davina someplace safe .



 Sabine : Don 't worry . It 's a lunar spell .
 You 'll be free by the next moonrise .
 My guess is , your sister won 't last that long .

 Ah , while this body has been a hell of a lot of fun , I do think it 's time
 I find someone else to play in , don 't you ?
 [ Coughing ]
 [ Coughing stops ]

 You were right .

 [ Speaking foreign language ]
 [ Gasps ]


 Hello , Celeste .
 How is this possible ?
 Monique Deveraux and I had a little wager regarding your ability to keep a promise .
 It appears I won .
 You were so consumed with my downfall , that you lost the trust of one of your own .
 Non .
 Mon cheri , non .
 Tout est possible .
 Ce n 'est pas fini .
 Aah !
 Desole .
 Aah !




 [ Moaning ]
 Davina , you 're ok .
 You 're safe now .
 You hear me ?
 You 're safe .
 I won 't let anyone hurt you , ok ?


 Rebekah !
 Rebekah !
 Cherish the breath in your lungs !
 It 'll be your last .
 The final act of le grand guignol is upon us !
 Where are my players ?
 Enough running , children !
 Step out of the shadows so we can finish this tale of sorrows .
 He 's coming .
 All right .
 Come on , sister .
 Marcel .



 He 's gone , sister .
 No . No .
 Elijah : Both of you must flee the city .
 I 'll hold him off , Niklaus .
 No .
 We fight him together .
 Elijah : We cannot fight him . All we can do is do what we 've done .
 We deceive him .
 We lead him astray .
 Now , I can do that as well as anyone .
 You take her far away from here .
 I 'll follow you .
 No , Elijah . You can 't . You can 't , Elijah .
 This is just ...
 This is my fault .
 No .
 This is my fault , Rebekah .
 I am so sorry .
 I 'm sorry . Marcel ... [ Alarm bell ringing ]
 I thought we 'd found a home here .

 Niklaus , please .
 Sister , come .

 You must leave .
 Go .
 Leave !


 Elijah ?
 What are you doing here ?
 Rebekah , you should be on the other side of the world by now .
 You and I both know that wouldn 't have been far enough .
 Get away from her !
 She 's mine .
