What kind of cruise are you going on this time Sowhatkindofcruiseisth isyou  ' regoingon ?
This trip on the water is called 'The Journey of Rebirth' I t  ' scalled the Born A gain B oat R ide .
Christian Quarterly gave this trip the highest rating Christian Q uarterlygaveittheirhi ghestrating - - five crowns of thorns fivethornycrowns .
I really wish you could come with me to Sheldon I dowishyou  ' dcomewithme , S heldon .
Mom, if I go, it will directly prove Well, M om, if I did, itwouldbeconclusivepr oof Your God can really do miracles thatyour Godcanworkmiracles.
You are wrong about this You  ' remissingout .
Joy will surely be everywhere by then I t  ' sgonnabewall - to - wallfun .
All have themes I t  ' sallthemed .
' Jonah and the Whale ' [Bible Story] T here  ' s Jonahandthe W halewatching .
You can also eat a buffet called 'The Last Supper' All - you - can - eat Last S upper Buffet .
And my own favorite 'God 's Forgiveness' A ndmypersonalfavorite , G unningwith God .
I take the liberty to ask what is 'God 's Forgiveness' What  's G unningwith God ?
I  ' mafraidtoask . Very interesting to say Oh , itisahootandahalf .
First write your sins on a clay flying target Youwriteyoursinsonacla ypigeon , then use the machine to shoot the target bullets out theyfire  ' emupintheair , then you blast it with a 1 2 round shotgun andyoupulverizethemwi tha 1 2 - gaugeshotgun
Full of God 's forgiveness ah fullofour Lord  ' sforgiveness . Honestly Mom I 'm glad to see Frankly , M om , I  ' mencouragedtosee howadvancedyourgrouph asbecome your catholic group thought progressed - -
敢 于 出 海   y o u   a r e   w i l l i n g   t o   s a i l   o u t   i n t o   t h e   o c e a n
Stop worrying that the earth is flat and the ship will fall without fearoffallingo fftheedge .
Insinuates that the earth is a flat plate in many places in the Bible
For example, if Shelly was on board he should if Shellywasaboard, he  ' dwrite,
Write ' Sharp Mouth Sharp ' ' Smart Mouth ' onhispigeon on the flying target , and then come with a thunder and thenbam !
The L ordgivethand the L ordblowethaway .
Mom Well , Mom , according to our previous weekend arrangements Well , M om , according totomyitinerar yforourweekendtogethe r , - the fun should start with fried chicken - sounds delicious - thefunbeginswithfried chicken .
-   S o u n d s   d e l i c i o u s .
It 's good because I have prepared all the materials for you G ood ,  ' cause I gotyoueverythingyoune edtomakeit .
You are in for a treat. Youareinforatreat .
My dad 's coffin, M ymother  ' sfriedchicken, became a plus size because my mom 's fried chicken was delicious iswhywehadtobuymydadt heextralargecoffin .
Sheldon She just got off the plane S heldon , she just got off the plane .
She doesn 't want to cook Shedoesn ' twanttocook. Of course she wants to make Ofcourseshedoes.
Cooking for me is her way of saying 'I love you' to me
Make M akingmefood when she  ' stootiredtocook when she 's exhausted is her way of saying ' I really love you ' isherway of saying ' I really love you . '
Actually I don 't mind going out to eat Sheldon Actually, I wouldn 'tmindgoing outforabite, S heldon.
Eating those whole grains W on  ' tthatspoilourappetite s will ruin the good appetite for fried chicken forthechickenyou  ' regoingtomakeme ?
All right, that 's it. We go out to eat A llright , thatsettlesit , we  ' regoingout .
Do you like sushi? There is a nice little shop on the street. D oyoulikesushi ? T here  ' sagreatlittleplacedow nthestreet .
I 've never had sushi I ' veneverhadit, but there 's no harm in trying something new but there ' snoharmintryingsometh ingnew.
Trying something new is much worse. T here  ' salotofharmintryingso methingnew .
So use rabbits to test the safety of drugs and cosmetics T hat  ' swhywetestoutdrugsand cosmeticsonbunnyrabbi ts .
Sheldon , you  ' retalking like acrazype rson .
Actually I took him to check Actually, I hadhimtestedasachild when he was a kid.
The doctor said he was normal Doctorsayshe  ' sfine .
I told you T oldyou long ago. Although I regret not going on to find A lthough , I doregret not following the expert in Houston withthatspecialistinH ouston .
■ This subtitle is produced by YY e T s Renren Film and Television. For more original translations of American TV series, please visit www . YY e T s . net ■
Translation: Mi Xiaole Heinrich Tina Xiaoman Waist Late stage: Fishbones Timeline: YY
■
Proofreading: Joanna YY Director: YY
Lively Great Explosion Explosion Fifth Season Sixth Collection
Stop talking about S topyling!
I 'm not happy to be here I 'mnothappyaboutthis.
Have you ever been happy in your life What  ' sthelastthingyouweree verhappyabout ?
While waiting for the fried chicken Theprospectoffriedchic ken.
Really exciting T hisisexciting .
The restaurant on our highway 4 line also sells sushi B ackhome , thedineron R oute F ourservessushi , but they just chop up the fish steak butit  ' sjustcutupfishsticks and serve it with 'Uncle Ben' brand instant rice andsideof Uncle Ben  ' s.
Even if they use 'Kung Fu Wen' to write the menu Theyputitonthemenuinth osekungfuletters , but the fakes are fakes butthatdon 'tmakeitsushi.
Uh , kungfuletters might not bepolitically correct .
chingchong : Foreigners imitate Chinese pronunciation and become racially defamatory words for Asians. I thought only 'chingchong' could not be said. Oh , I thoughttheonewecouldn  ' tsaywas ' chingchong '
Uh, can 't say Y eah , yeah , that , too .
Shelly S o , S helly , how are you and your friend Amy going what  ' supwithyou and your frie nd A my , if you don 't mind mom snooping a little bit of privacy ifyoudon  ' tmindamotherpryingabi t ?
Amy has really made big progress Well , there  ' sactually big newson the A myfront . She was recently researching S he  ' sbeenstudying
The neurobiology of addiction in lower animals.
She was so close to getting a starfish hooked on cocaine S he  ' sthisclosetogettingas tarfishhookedoncocain e .
Do you know how the two of them developed Doyouhaveanyideawhat  ' sgoingonwiththosetwo ?
Their relationship is like the Loch Ness monster It  's skindoflike the L och N essmonster . Maybe it exists or maybe it doesn 't exist Maybethere  ' ssomethingthere , maybethereisn  ' t .
The truth may be hidden forever in the lake We  'll probably never know .
It 's interesting to think about this question to scare yourself But sometimesit  ' sfuntocreepyourselfou tthinkingaboutit .
How do you get along with young girls H owareyoudoingontheyou ngladyfront ?
I hear you 're troubled by long distance relationships I hearyou  ' reinsomesortofalongdi stancesituation ?
Yeah Raj 's sister Y eah , it  ' s R aj  ' ssister . The situation is trickier she is far away in India I t  ' skindoftough .
S h e ' s   i n   I n d i a .
Her parents also didn 't want her to associate with white people. Also , herparentsaren  ' thappyshe  ' sdatingsomeonewhite
That was an interesting turn, wasn 't it Oh , that  ' safunnyturn , isn  ' tit ?
Why didn 't you think about it before dating You ouneverthinkaboutitgo ingtheotherway .
Some things you can 't force Well, you can 't force things.
You should think about whether you are really dating You ouneed to figureoutifyo u  ' reinarelationship or if you are just orifyou  ' rejustcallingitone in name
It doesn 't mean that rice will be cooked but thatdon  ' tmake  ' embiscuits . This reminds me of another saying A ndthatremindsmeofanot hersaying .
You can abduct the chicken to jump into the fryer You canleadachickento C risco ,
But that doesn 't mean you can kidnap your mom to fry chicken but you can ' tmakeyourmotherfryit .
Sheldon , you pestermeonemoretim eaboutchicken ,
I 'll push you to my knee and spank you in public
Please annoy her as P leasepesterher for me.
P l e a s e ,   f o r   m e .
Mrs Cooper, what do you think of sushi S o , Mr rs .
C o o p e r ,   w h a t   d i d   y o u   t h i n k   o f   t h e   s u s h i ?   很 不 错   I t   w a s   g o o d .
The only fly in the ointment is Theonlythingthatwouldh avemadeitbetter
It would be better if it was cooked isifitwascooked and even better if it was stuffed with beef andifitwasbeef .
Sheldon, when is your landlordgoi ngtofixtheelevator?
I don 't know I don  ' tknow . Recently we have been discussing L atelywe  ' vebetalkingabout
Turn the elevator into a missile silo convertingitintoamiss ilesilo . Your son seems to think Yoursonseemstothink
We have to attack Burbank first weneedtolaunchapreemp tivestrikeon B urbank .
Go first to be strong and then to suffer. Get thembeforetheygetus .
to see who is coming to Hey , lookwhodecidedtoshowup .
Raj what are you doing Raj , whatareyoudoing ?
I couldn 't find you guys so I bought six new friends I couldn  ' tfindyouguysso I boughtsixnewfriends .
It 's a pity that three have been killed Three , sadly , aredead .
Mom, do you remember Raj M om , youremember Rajesh ?
- Raj this is my mother - remember Mrs Cooper of course - Rajesh , mymother . - Ofcourse . M rs .
C o o p e r .
Nice to see you again S onicetoseeyouagain .
Me too Well , it  ' ssonicetoseyou , too .
Indians and Indians are called Indians. I thought Indians had occasional alcohol problems. I thought itwasour I ndians. I didn 't expect Indians to have that hadtheoccasionala lcoholproblem.
It 's also discriminatory and can 't say Wedon  ' tsay that , either .
I 'll go back and make a list for you I 'llmakeyoualist. You 're so nice as you are white Oh, thatwouldbemightywhit eofyou.

Raj, what are you doing to coverupwithalcohol? So, Raj, whatpainareyoutrying to coverupwithalcohol? Nothing I 'm fine Nothing, I 'mfine.
- is it - no I 'm not good - A reya ?
- No o. This is so much better T hat  ' sbetter .
Tell me what bothers you No owtellmewhat  ' sbotheringyou .
I 'm so lonely I 'msolonely.
Of course a lonely birth and a lonely death Oh , yes , bornalone , diealone .
Human beings are so tragic I t  ' satragichuman conditio n .
stop bothering my mom ifyou  ' llexcusemother , she 's going to make me walnut pie she  ' sabouttomakeapecanpie if it 's good that  ' llbesogood
I 'll ignore the fried chicken for now. I 'llalmostforgethowsheb lewitwiththefriedchic ken.
Sheldon your friend is sad S heldon , yourfriendishurtin  ' .
What should we do at this time Whatdowedowwhensomeone  ' shurtin  ' ?
Pour them a hot drink Offerthemahotbeverage . And if they drink like a ghost A ndwhenthey  ' redrunkasaskunk ,
What drink should we give them whatbeveragedoweoffer ?
Coffee C offee .
What else to do A ndwhatdowedoitwith ?
Now you listen to me now No owyoulistentome .
I know you feel like you 're doomed I knowyoufeellikeyoucan 'tfindsomeone, but every problem has a solution butthere 'salockforeverykey.
There used to be a girl who worked at Walmart Backhome , there  ' sagirlworksat the W al - M art .
She looks too tall T all , tallgirl .
She knocked the geese out of the air with a rake W omancouldhuntgeesewit harake .
She thinks she can 't find a manThoughtshe  ' dneverfindaman , but one day who knows thenoneday , wouldn  ' tyaknow ,
Harlem G lobetrotters The Harlem Globetrotters basketball team The Harlem basketball team came to town Harlem G lobetrotterscometotow n .
Long story short Long storyshort , now this woman travels the world with a todaythatwomantravels theworld semi-professional basketball player travels the world withasemi - professionalbasketbal lplayer
Also gave birth to two beautiful mixed-race babies andtwobeautifulmixed-racebabies.
Although I didn 't understand much because of your accent I didn  ' tgetalotofthatbecause ofyouraccent , but your tone was soothing butthegeneraltonewass oothing andsomehow I feelbetter .
I can 't eat walnut pie can I  'mnotgoingtogetmypecan pie , am I ? Would you like some Oreos? Y ouwantsome O reos ?
- Mixed Sandwich - Not Regular - Double Stuf ?
-   N o ,   r e g u l a r .
Yes, it will really put salt on the wound. N ice.
K i c k   a   m a n   w h e n   h e ' s   d o w n .
Glad we can finally do something together I  ' mgladwe  ' refinally gettingtodos omethingtogether , - just the two of us - of course - justthetwoofus. - Sure .
It 's a pleasure to go on vacation and have clothes to wash O nethingyoureallymissw henyou  ' reonvacationislaundry .

Be careful that you put too much softener. C areful , you  ' reusingtoomuch Donney .
If my clothes are too soft I will sleep in Youknowifmyclothesgett oosoftitmakesmesleepy .
This reminds me of the old days Well, thistakesmeback.
I help you do the laundry while you are beside me chanting M edoingyourlaundry , younexttomecriticizing . I tisnice , isn  ' tit ?

Mrs Cooper Mrs. Cooper.
hello dear Oh , hello , darlin  ' .
Sheldon you didn 't tell me your mother was coming to S heldon , youdidn  ' ttellmeyourmomwascomi ng .
I twasinmyweeklye - mailblast , which I wrote in my weekly mail roundup.
Just as 'beet season is finally here' R ightbetween 'Beetseasonisfinallyher e'
And 'Shenma beetroot causes cancer' in the middle and 'U h-oh, redstoolfrombeetslead stocancerscare.'
How are you S o , how  ' veyoubeen ? Good , good .
I heard Leonard has a new girlfriend I hearthat L eonardhasanewgirlfrie nd .
How do you feel H owareyoudoingwithallt hat ?
Fortunately, it 's been a while. Oh, fine.
Y o u   k n o w ,   i t ' s   b e e n   a   w h i l e .
I 've started scouting again I 'mgettingbackoutthere.
Let me ask you one more question when you look for someone, let measkyou, whenyougetbackoutther e, won 't you be wearing this, areyouwearingthis?
This suspender is super nice Well , it  ' ssupercuteon . It 's because of it that someone can buy me a drink for free T hattophaspaidforitsel finfreedrinks
The money saved is enough to buy ten liketentimeswhatitcos t .
Yes , P ennyhasalotofhermoney tiedupinpromiscuityfutures .
Honey you should probably know H on , youthinkmaybethereaso n You never found a suitable man
without letting them pay a penny withoutbuyingaticket ?
Not everyone is blessed to 'get on' the roller coaster Oh, theydon ' talwaysgettoridethero llercoaster.
Those who have no luck can only play with coffee 'cups' S ometimestheyonlygetto spintheteacups .
I 'm going out tonight No ow I  ' mgoingouttonight . W oulditbecrazytoaskyou
Wouldn 't it be too crazy tolookattheoutfit I  ' mgoingtowear ?
Not stupid at all Oh, notcrazyatall. Don 't despise yourself Anddon  ' tbeatyourselfup.
When I was your age when I was your age , you could havemeforacar ride
A bottle of strawberry wine can fool me out for a ride andabottleofstrawberr ywine .
I 'm not going to put this in this week 's mail round T hatwillnotbeinthisweek  'se - mailblast .
This spring So , this spring , I am going to the International Space Station I gettogoto the International S pace Station .
Oh god to heaven Oh , myword , atriptotheheavens .
If you want to settle there I fyoueverwanttolivethe reeternally ,
I have a good book here you can check out I  'vegotagoodbookyoucoul dread .
I get it but I watch the Charlie Brown Christmas special every yearT hanks , but I watch the Charlie Brown C hristmasspecialeveryy ear , Charlie Brown: the owner of Snoopy so I won 't be bored so I getthegist .
- your mother must be very proud of you - no - I betyourmomisreallypro udofyou . - No ope .
She said if I don 't quit S hesays if I don  ' tbackout
She is about to go on a hunger strike to protest she  ' sgoingtogoonahungerst rike .
It will take several years but I still can 't bear it she  ' dbeinanykindofdanger , butstill .
Let 's go have a good day tomorrow Mom I 'vegotatreatforustomor row, M om. I 'm taking you I 'mtakingyou
Saul Perlmutter 2011 Nobel physicist to see Saul Perlmutter give a lecture tosee Saul Perlmuttergivealecture about his Nobel Prize winning cosmology research abouthis Nobel Priize - winning work in cosmolog y .
But the best part is A ndthebestpartis , at the Q and A afterward ,
I 've prepared a few questions I 'veworkedupacoupleof 'Q 's' that will definitely ask him to cry thatwillstumphissorry'A.'
I 'm not sure Shelly I don  ' tknow , Shelly .
I think we can go sightseeing I thoughtwecoulddoalitt lesightseeing .
What scenery could compare to your son, Whatsightis betterthany ourlittleboy, who disgraced a Nobel laureate embarrassinga No obellaureate?
Don 't do it Sheldon we can take your mom C omeon , S heldon , we  'lltakeyourmom to see the Hollywood sign , visit the wax museum , thewaxmuseum , the Walk of Fame .
You can also go to Rodeo Drive [brand-name shopping street] O oh , maybealittle R odeo D rive .
I can 't afford 12,000 handbags Well , I can  ' tspend $ 1 2 , 0 0 0 onahandbag , but condemn those who can afford it butit  ' sfreetolookuponthose with a righteous eye This is a whodowithrighteouscon demnation without spending money.
What do you think of Whatdoyousay ?
What do I think What do I say ?
I really think it 's none of your business for my mom to visit me
Stop it S topit .
He 's not saying you your clothes are airtight He  ' snottalking about your hirt .
Y o u r   s h i r t   i s   f i n e .
This is delicious. Thesearedelicious.
The secret to pancakes is to use T hetricktopancakesisba congrease .
I put this oil in everything I cookeverythinginit. Are you not afraid of harming your health? E verything?
A r e n ' t   y o u   w o r r i e d   a b o u t   y o u r   h e a l t h ?
Doctors speak contradictory Oh, doctors are always changing ing their mind.
This week says you can 't eat bacon oil O neweekbacongreaseisba dforyou .
Say next week that you 're not eating enough T henextweekwe  ' renotgettingenoughofi t .
Good morning Shelly G oodmorning , Shelly .
Mom I want to apologize for my actions last night M om , I wanttoapologizeformyb ehaviorlastnight .
- Accept your apology - Great - A pologyaccepted . - Great .
You 'll love Now, you 'regoingtolovetheP erlmutterlecture of Perlmutter 's speech.
He will say that the universe is now over six thousand years old Look , hewillbestatingthatth euniverseisolderthan 6 , 0 0 0 years ,
I think you could plug your fingers in your ears at this point but I thought you could sticky our fingersin yourears and hummed 'Amazing Grace' [Christian hymn] andhum 'A mazing G race' during thoseparts. I am still going out with your friends I amstillgoingoutwithyo urfriends.
But I have apologized But I apologized .
Am I easy? I didn 't do anything wrong. A ndthatwashardformebec ause I didn  ' tdoanythingwrong .
Shelly grew up with those dull speeches S helly , I hungoutwithyouinenough hdustylecturehalls
I 've listened to you enough while you were growingup . I 'm going sightseeing now I wanttogosightseeing . Why don 't you eat some pancakes S owhydon  ' tyouhavesomepancakes ,
Get dressed and come with us. Getdressedandcomewith us.
I don 't go you can 't force me I 'mnotgoing, andyoucan 'tmakeme.
You 're right I can 't force you to have fun yourself You  ' reright , I can  ' t .
H a v e   a   n i c e   d a y .
Then I 'll be standing here until you change your mind
Then you stand there for a day Well , then you aregoingtostan dthereallday .
I 'll still take my bacon grease and slide over the re .
I didn 't expect my mother to abandon me I can  ' tbelievemyownmotheris abandoningme . I didn 't want to abandon you I amnotabandoningyou .
Sheldon is going to abandon you I already put you in the basket
I 'm going to Hollywood and say I amgoingto H ollywoodandthankawax Ronald Reagan to the wax figure of President Reagan
Thanks for his contribution to the country forhisservicetoourcou ntry . It seems that our mother-son relationship is at a crossroads Mama Weappeartobeatacrossro adsinourrelationship , M other .
Seems so Well, I guessweare. Sorry I forgot to get the syrup S orry.
S y r u p .
Okay Mom Allright , Mom .
When you enter the 'Ripley 's Believe It or Not' museum When you  ' reatthe R ipley  ' s Be elieve I t O r Not M useum ,
Memorial to Robert Ripley in Tennessee, USA
If there is a mother tospendthedaywiththew orld  ' smostwonderfulson who is willing to throw away great opportunities iftheyhaveanexhibitab outamotherwhothrewawa yachance nor play with her gifted son for a day,you have to believe because there is such a motherbelieveit,becauseit 'strue.
I have not. . .
I   h a d n ' t . . .
What a waste of time listening to this talk T hatlecturewasawasteof time .
I mademoreaccuratediagrams when I was still in diapers
Drawing oftheexpansionoftheea rlyuniverseonthenurse rywall on the kindergarten wall with diaper objects is more accurate than his withthecontentsofmydi aper. Are you sick A reyougettingsick?
Not just for those No , I  ' mjustallergictopeople
People who won the Nobel Prize for no reason have allergies whoget Nobel P rizesfornogoodreason . Sheldon you are in a bad mood S heldon , isitpossiblethatyourf oulmood - -
Or in clinical terms, tousetheclinicalterm, bitchiness -- because your mother didn 't put you in the first place isbecauseyourmotheris n 'tmakingyouapriority? Not or in clinical terms I bahN o.
O r   t o   u s e   t h e   c l i n i c a l   t e r m ,   " n u h - u h "
A reyousure ? T heinfant - motherpair - bond
is the basis of primate psychology is the building block of p rimatepsychology .
Oh again, thereitis. Anything in your mouth wraps around the monkey I talwayscomesbacktomon keyswithyou.
Aside from a monkey or a monkey Justmonkeys , monkeys , monkeys .
Sheldon Humans are also animals S heldon , we  ' reallanimals .
Although you have some great things A ndgranted, thereareaspectsofyout hatareextraordinary,
But when it comes to emotions and relationships butwhen itcomestoemoti onsandrelationships ,you are no different from ordinary people you  ' rejustlikeeverybodyel se .You mean my emotional problemsA reyoutryingtosuggestt hatmyemotionalproblem s
Is it the same as those idiots arenodifferentthantho seofastupidperson? Actually some research shows that actually, some researchindicates that by notoverthinking,
People with lower IQs have better emotional control thelessintelligenthan dleemotionsbetter . Are you sure you 're not having a cold S ureyou  ' renotcoming downwithac old ?
yeah yeah just like everyone else Oh , yes , thecommoncold .
Got that common cold Justlikeeveryoneelse . Then you 'd be cool, right? You  ' dlovethat , wouldn  ' tyou ?

Oh, this one is beautiful. Oh, thisone  ' ssweet .
Not bad for those of you who are chanting with rosary beads Youknow , foryourrosaryrattlers . Refers to a string of rosary beads used in Catholic prayers
mrs. cooper those who are catholics are not 'men with rosary beads' mrs.
Cooper, wesay 'Catholics' not 'rosaryrattlers'. God, how can California be so boxed in M ​​ygoodness, it 'sawonderyoupeoplein California cantalkatall.
This is really the worst Hollywood tour ever. This is like theworst Hollywood tourever.
What can we do? Who told her to go to the church? Whatarewegonnado? S hewantedtoseechurches.
Hey, they havewinehere, don  ' tthey , right?
Our Indian gods do not have such strong abs No oneofourgodshaveabsli kethat .
Yep, that 's the last Jew who insisted on doing crunches Y ep , that  ' sthelast J ewwhodidsit - ups .
But you see what happened to him Andlookwhereitgothim .
Since we 're all here, why don 't we pray together Hey, while we  ' rehere , whydon  ' twealldosomepraying ?
Give this church a little more church vibe L et  ' sputalittlechurchinth ischurch . I don 't think we . . .
Oh , I  'mnotsureweshould . . . very simple I teach you I t  ' seasy .
I  'llshowyouhow . Lord Mary Cooper here Lord , Mary Cooperhere .

I came from Gomorrah, California to worship Comingtoyou from Gomorrah, California.
Gomorrah is the biblical city of sin I want to thank you I wanttothankyou
Bless my little darling Shelly for theblessingthatism ylittle S helly . I also want to thank you for the strength of tolerance you have given me
I didn 't use the Bible to stun him nottocoldcockhimwithm y Bible . Alright Penny to you A llright , P enny , yourturn .
ok Okay , um . . . ok god Hey , God .
How are you doing recently What  ' sup ?
I 'm fine but U m , I  ' mgood , but , uh , if you can stop my brother from making meth itwouldbeabighelptomy family
That is helping our family a lot ifyoucouldgetmybrothe rtostopcookingmeth . But don 't alert the police to solve it in private B utnocops .
B e   c o o l .
She still loves her neighbor a little too much S healsogoesalittleover board
Both fell in love with bed on the ' lovethyneighbor ' . Maybe help her like Mary Magdalene did
Leonard , you  ' reup . Leonard , you  ' reup . Get ready for that W asserman , you  ' reondeck .
Okay what to say O kay .
I   d o n ' t   k n o w . . .
It 's probably a little too late to ask you to make me taller now it 's sprobablyalittlelatet oaskyoutomakemetaller.

By the way maybe you can help me and my girlfriend Oh , um . . . ifyoucould helpoutwith meandmygirlfriend . She is far away in India now if you could help us out S he  ' salltheway in I ndia . T hatwouldbegreat .
Heard no romance troubles H earthat ?
G i r l   t r o u b l e .
It seems that none of us expected Leonard to have a girlfriend Turnsoutwewerebothwron gonthatfront .

- how about you - me - how about you ?
-   O h ,   m e ?
No need I have no wish No o .
T h a n k s ,   I ' m   g o o d .
I just hope the spaceship doesn 't explode suddenly I 'mreallyjusttryingnott oburstintoflames.

What about Rajesh?
He said his last five pounds Hesayshe  ' shavingtrouble
I can 't lose droppingthoselastfive pounds . If I were to ask the Lord to solve my problem of not being able to talk to girls Huh , I might havegonewiththet talking -to - girlsthing .
No you can only make one wish at a time No o , you only getonewish .

American actor Martin Sheen
Look at us L ookatthetwoofus . One of my respected physicists, Me , a highlyregardedphysic ist .
Thekindofmindthatcomes alongonce only happens one in a generation or two,
Super high IQ maybetwiceinagenerati on . You are just an ordinary person You , thecommonman ,
A stockbroker is either a vacuum cleaner salesman tiredfromyourlaborsas astockbroker , or a shoe shiner who is half-tired from get off work orvacuumcleanersalesman , orbootblack . But deep down Butdeepdowninside . . .
We are the same raccoon dog apparently we  ' rejusttwopeasinapod . But you are an ordinary raccoon dog A regularpea ,
And I am a andthekindofpeathatco mesalongonce , a higher raccoon dog maybetwiceinagenerati on . It rained rain .
Another sign that symbolizes equality for all, A nothergreatequalizer .
Rain falls on my genius head F allingontheheadoftheb rilliant and you mortal headandtheunremarkableali ke.

Really prescient S marty - pants .

Mrs Cooper, your food is delicious. Oh, Mrs.
C o o p e r ,   i t   s m e l l s   s o   g o o d .
Remember my words dear Y outakenotes , darlin ' . The real secret to tethering a man is to do him T herealwaytogetamanisw ithmeltedcheese
Melted cheese and cream of mushroom soup and creamofmushroomsou p.
Although he died at fifty, he will love you with all his heart until then He  ' lldieat 5 0 buthislovewillbetrue .

Give me a paper towel this one is wet I needatissue .
T h i s   o n e   g o t   w e t .


Here you are.
Thank you I learned something today Thankyou .
Y e a h ,   I ' v e   l e a r n e d   s o m e t h i n g   t o d a y .
You and I in many ways Youand I , insomanyways ,
Apart from IQ and other important aspects otherthanintelligence and whatcounts , it 's really no different we  ' rethesame - dear are you sick - hope so - S weetheart , areyousick ?
-   I   h o p e   s o .
If it 's not sick then what 's the point of living because if thisiswell , lifeisn  ' tworthliving .
Baby you have a fever Oh , sugarpie , you are burningup .
- hurry up and go to bed - okay - We  ' vegottogetyoutobed ​​. - O kay .
M a m a ' s   h e r e   t o   t a k e   c a r e   o f   h e r   b a b y .
Let 's make it clear that you only take care of your own baby A ndjusttobeclear , only herbaby
Not all these darlings right and nottheseotherpeopl e . Of course Of course . I want honey tea C an I haveteawithhoney
Is it ok to have a sandwich without the sides and toastwiththecrustc utoff ?
You can eat whatever you want. You can have whatever you want.
Thank you mom you are the best Thanks , M om . You  ' rethebest .


God, last time I put V apo R ubonyou, last time I put ointment on you,
You haven 't grown chest hair yet youdidn  ' thavehaironyourchest . Yeah I know , itfilledinlastyear .
I didn 't stay with you long this time I didn  ' tgettospendalotoftime withyouonthisvisit .
Whose fault is this? A ndwhosefault was that? Your fault Yours.
Shelly , you  ' renoteightyearsoldany more .
The relationship between us cannot be the same as before. We have to have a different relationship.
No No , wedon  ' t .
We were fine as we were before Theonewehaveworksgreat .
Dear you are an adult S weetheart , youareagrownman .
Maybe I 'm an O rmaybe I  ' mpartofanewspecies ,
What about new species that live for hundreds of years, thatlivesforhundredso fyears,
That means I 'm still a two or three year old child which means I  ' mstillbasicallyatoddl er . I should have taken you to Houston Oh , I soshouldhavetakenyout o Houston .
That is to say, you can 't sing 'Good Cat' to me?
No, I will always sing 'Good Cat' to you No, I will alwayssing you 'S oft Kitty'.
Good cat, warm cat, Softkitty, warmkitty
Littleballoffur . . . Mrs. Cooper
- out of the oven - rolling - outoftheoven ?
-   G e t   o u t !
It 's too rude. Well, thatwasrude.
Yeah but he didn 't mean it Well, I know, buthemeanswell.
Continue to sing S ing .
H appykitty , sleepykitty
Are you trying to be lazy, Mom Whatareyoutryingtopull , M om ? Sing F romthetop from scratch.
I 'll say he deserves a beating. T hisiswhat I  ' mtalkingabout .
Good cat, warm cat, Softkitty, warmkitty, Littleballoffur . . .
