

Progress has been uncharacteristically smooth. A ndagainstalllogic, itwasactuallygoingwell.
But why is this Butwhy ?
Why am I always looking for reasons to make myself unhappy Why - whyam I constantly lookingforr easonsnottobehappy ?
Maybe it 's because the happy ending Maybebecausetheideaoff inallybeinghappy . . . instead terrifies you.
Dude, what you said is a classic Bro, youarekillingittoday.

Really curative We egotsomethinggoodhere .
I can definitely get over my fear of being abandoned Wearetotesgonnaconquer myfearofabandonment !
I can 't see you anymore I can  ' tseeyouanymore .
Well said N ice .
' No you are going to abandon me ' ' Oh , no ! You  ' reabandoningme ! '

No way you 're going to abandon me Oh , no . You  ' reabandoningme
I 'm sorry I 'm moving to Alaska I 'msorry.
I ' m   m o v i n g   t o   A l a s k a .


Kevin Kevin?!
What are you doing here What are youdoing here ?
Actually moving to Alaska is lying to you O kay , look , I liedtoyouaboutmovingt o A laska .
I have to avoid you I - I hadtostopseeingyou .
why ?
Because I think you are very loving ' C ause I thinkyou  ' recute .
Occupational Rules If I feel A ndethically for you, I can  ' tbeyourtherapist can 't be your psychiatrist if I  ' mattractedtoyou .

I understand you abandoned me this patient Oh , I getit . Youdumpmeasapatient to date me justsoyoucanaskmeout ?
I 'm not going to date you I 'mnotgonnaaskyouout.
Wouldn 't you You  ' renot ?
No, we met No. Wemetintherapy during therapy.
I t  ' sinappropriateformeto dateapatient .
Anyway, nice to meet you A nyway, itwasniceseeingyou.
Wait Hey, wait.
What counts as 'Dating' Howdoyoudefine 'Date' ?
Two people eating together Two people havingamealto gether , sitting at both ends of a table sitting across the table
Makegooglyeyesateac hother . . . what if two people eat alone What abouttwopeopleeati ngalone, sittingsidebyside, and makegooglyeyesatthe coffeemaker?
Okay then it 's not datingO kay , it  ' snotadate .
That 's right not dating Exactly .
N o t   a   d a t e .




Sorry for not being able to catch a taxi Sorry .
N ocabs . I ran 40 blocks over to R an 40 blocksallthewayhere .
Maybe I bumped into an old lady Mayhaveknockedanoldlad yintothestreet on the way, I don 't know I don 't have time to look back don  ' tknow , I didn  ' tlookback .
Let 's have a real date L et  ' sjustgoonarealdate .
Well that 's a good idea Yeah, thatmightbeagoodidea.
Wet wood finally ignites the fire of loveF inally!
YY e T s Renren Film and Television Subtitle Group produces more original subtitle translations, please visit www . YY e T s . com ■ Timeline: godwuwen Late stage: Fishbone Subtitle Director: YY
■
Translation: vero one piece two aheng aheng alone drunk late stage: fish bone subtitle director: YY
■
Proofreading: YY Post-production: Fishbones Subtitles Supervisor: YY
■
How I Met Your Mother Season 7 Episode 5
I can 't wait to see that movie Oh, I can 'twaittoseethatmovie.
- looks good- cool- I sitgood ?
- A wesome.
Wait for an analogy Wait , totallyhypothetically ,
you 'll love that subversive ending doyoulikemovieswithas hockingtwist
Is it a movie where all the main characters die at the end whereallthemaincharac tersdieattheend ? - like - then you will love this movie - Yes .
-   Y o u   w i l l   l o v e   t h i s   m o v i e .
- Hi guys- Hi Matthew what 's up - Hey , guys . - Hey , Marshall . What  ' sup ?
I 'll tell you what 's up Well, I 'lltellyouwhat ' sup.
You all know my boss Garrison Coots Youknowhowmyboss , Garrison Cootes ,
The most famous environmental lawyer in the world is, like , the most famousenvironm entallawyer in the world ?
yeah . . . yeah yeah . . .
I mean there might be someone else besides him I mean, it ' shimortheotherguy.
- Is Mr. Anthony Howel- - Is . . . eh- Sir Anthony Howel ?
-   Y e a h . . .
He 's a big guy anyway, okay? A nyway, he  ' sanimportantguy , okay?
So today at work A ndsotodayatwork ,
I tried to be tough in front of him I was trying to show him that I  'mtough .
I 've been wondering recently how much we 're about to get from G ruber P harmaceuticals .
If it 's less than twenty million I fit  ' sanythinglessthan $ 2 0 million , I 'll grab these corporate earth rapists . . . then I  ' mgonnagrabthosecorpor ate E arthrapistsbytheir . . .
Okay I 'm going to interrupt O kay, I 'mjustgonnasaysomething.
I am now pregnant with a child I  'mgrowingachildinmybel ly , the child has just grown ears achildthatjustdevelop edears .
This is a thin sweater T hisisaverythinsweater .
So if you have to say it Soplease , ifyoumusttellyourstor y . . . please pay attention to the word justmakeitcheerful.
Note the use of the word Cheerful .
Matthew 's original guess is as follows, well, then I will grab these companies. . .
O kay . . . Then I  ' mgonnagrabthosecorpor ate . . .
Catch them sweaty rocking . . . by theirsweaty , dangling . . .
Bytheirsweaty , dangling Balls .
hands . . .
Squeeze hard until these greedy . . . andsqueezeuntilthoseg reedysonsof . . .
Ravaged hard till the gang of greedy grandsons andsqueezeuntilthoseg reedysonsofbitches
parents raised by parents . . .
realize that I  ' mthebaddestmother . . .
Realize that I 'm the worst asshole on earth realizethat I 'mthebaddestmotherfucker.
Little angry young natureloveraround who love nature.
It 's like watching The Breakfast Club on TBS I t ' slikewatching T he B reakfast C lubon TBS .
US TV channel TBS silences or edits dirty words
So how did he say Sowhatdidhesay?
Matthew bend down so I can put my arm around you Marshall , benddown so I can put my arm around you . It 's about the same height T hat  ' sallthewaydown .
T h a t ' s   g o o d .
The employees of Gruber Pharmaceuticalsisacomp anyfull are a group of conscientious and kind people ofwell - meaningpeople doing the irjobs , just like you and me just like you and me .
Guys, I 'm afraid that Garrison Cooteshasgonesoft Guys, I 'mafraidthat Garrison Cooteshasgonesoft!
He is like a teddy bear He  ' slikeateddybear !
Is it like a teddy bear or an Ewok bear A teddybearoran E wok ?
E woks are the furry monsters in Star Wars 6: Return of the Jedi who help the rebels fight off the imperial defenders. They are usually cute and pitiful in the village Youknow , cute and cuddly aroundth evillage , but once the war starts butoncethebattlestarts . . .
He will wield a giant mallet He  ' llsmashinyourmetalsku ll smash your golden armor withgiantswinginglogs .
Matthew Marshall!
Well he will hold you O kay , he  'llhugyou until you agree to shut down the Death Star peacefully until youagreetopeacea blyshutdown the D eath S tar .
Hi baby Hi , sweetie .

What are you talking about Whatarewealltalkingabo ut ?
Ewoks Ewoks.
I hate that kind of bear U gh , I hate the E woks .
Any idea what the only good thing about Ewoksinthatmovie was in that movie?
It 's just a few of them that are dead and upright. Yougottoseesomeofthemd ie.
I want a draft beer Well , I fancyapint .
Norah hates Ewoks.N orahates E woks.
I have to break up with her Well , I have to breakup with her .
Be gentle when you tell her, guys.
I 'll contact you when I get to Vegas. I 'llcallyoufromVegas.
Tell me how the situation flashed Tellmehowitwent.
OK .
Enough Barney O kay , Barney !
Just sit down and sit down!
Not liking the EwoksN otliking E woks is not a reason to break up isnoreasonnottodateso mebody .
Yes I mean Yeah , I mean , who would follow the rules obediently whoknowswhattherulesa re , yaknow ?
You 're dating a girl who doesn 't like EwoksI mean , you  ' redatingagirlwhodoesn  ' tlike E woks ,
I 'm dating my ex psychiatrist I 'mdatingmyformertherap ist .

This is so disingenuous Wearegentlemenof Harvard!
- It 's no big deal - Robin - I t  ' snotabigdeal ! - Robin ,
If you ask a hundred people ifyouaskedahundredpeo ​​ple ,
' Who is the worst person to date' ' Who  ' stheworstpersonyoucou ldpossiblydate ? ' They 'll all say ' Your psychiatrist ' They  ' dallsay , ' Y ourtherapist .'
Of course some would say ' Barney ' E xcepttheonessaying ' Barney . '
Makes sense Yeah, thattracks
I have to go Well , I should getgoing .
Tomorrow I 'm taking my students on a field trip I gotthebigfieldtriptom orrow .
Field trip?
yes i am going to the construction site of the giant bank building yeah .
I  ' mtaking my I ntroto Architectureclass to the GNBT owerconstructionsite .
I try to get them interested in the profession of I  ' mtryingtogettheminterested architect inarchitectureasacareer .

Why don 't we have another building here Why ? A rewerunning out of building ings ?
Or is there no one more boring than them A rewerunning out of boring people ?
Guys, this is a big deal, okay? Guys, thisisabigdeal, okay?
Even if I only let one student I f I cangetjustonekidinter estedin ignite the interest of becoming an architect becominganarchitect . . .
Okay I 'm going to interrupt you O kay , I  ' mjustgonnastopyourigh tthere .
Ted this is just an introductory class T ed , it  ' san Introclass .
yeah don 't expect to be a teacher in an introductory class
No one takes an introductory class because they are looking for direction in life. No bodytakesan I ntroclasstogetonanyot herpath In addition to looking for a cure for a hangover but thepathtonotbeingh ungoveranymore .
I learned this I learnedthatinmy I ntrotosomething - ologyclass .
It doesn 't matter Well that  ' sfineforsomething -ology , but tomorrow morning at nine exactly buttomorrowat 9 : 0 0 a . M . Sharp
Introductory architecture class is about to do a field trip Introto Architectureisgoingona fieldtrip!
All 200 people in the class will be there. All 2 0 0 of  ' em .
It 's 9:45 Well, it 's 9:45.
I guess the other 1 7 0 of you got lost
Some might say that you took this class No , somemightsayyouguysar ejusttakingthisclass because of simplicity because it  ' seasy or you mistook architecture for archaeology orbecauseyou  ' veconfusedarchitectur ewitharchaeology
Thought we 'd go on an expedition like Raiders of the Lost Ark today and thinkwe ' regonnadosomecool Indiana Jonesstufftoday . But I think But I think that . . .
I think maybe I thinkjustmaybe, some of us will be future architects wegotsomefuturearchit ectsinthehouse.
Who of you want to be an architect later S howofhands : who  ' sthinkingaboutacareer raise a hand inarchitecture ?
Well today the tide will be reversed Well , today , all that  ' sgonnachange .
follow me followme .
Sorry Hey .
U h , sorry , no entry without a pass nobodygetsinherewitho utasitepass .
It 's alright I 'm Ted Mosby I t  ' sokay , I  'm T ed Mosby , the architect of this building .
I don 't care if you are the archaeologist of this building I don  ' tcareifyou  ' rethearchaeologistoft his building .
Visiting the Site  's closed is prohibited here.
撤   M o v i n g   o n !
That morning Gruber Pharmaceuticals T hatmorning , Marshall  's firm will make a settlement offer to Matthew  's firm wasgetting the settleme ntoffer from Gruber P harmaceicals , who desperately wants to see the teddy bear transform into an Ewok bear and Marshallcouldn  ' twaittoseetheteddybea rturnintoan E wok .

Gruber Pharmaceuticals dumpedt oxicwasteinto F rog C reek , a tributary of the Trout River atributary of the T rout River that feedsinto Clearwater Lake .
Now these three places have to be renamed A llthreewhichnowneedne wnames because of pollution.
It 's time to fight a victory for Mother Earth S oit  ' stimetowinone for M other E arth .
Let 's get rid of that rubbish, shall we? Let 's stakeoutthetrash, shalle?!
- ok - ok everybody get a bag - Yes!
-   A l l   r i g h t ,   e v e r y o n e   g r a b   a   b a g .
Blue is recyclable Green is mixed wasteB lueisrecycling , green , compost .
Departure T herewego .
Sheila S heila . . . talk about your offer we  ' rereadytohearyouroffe r .
$24,000 $24,000?
Not bad quite reasonable Yeah, thatseemsreasonable.
The kids in I took 25 students from the introductory building class K ids , I wasswanderingthecity
Wandering around the city with 2 5 I ntroto A rchitecturestudents Uncle Barney saved me whenyour U ncle B arneycametomyrescue .
It 's not that exciting to witness a building being built O kay , guys , seeingabuildinggetbui lt , notthatexciting .
What 's really exciting is the financial situation What  'sreallyexcitingisthef inancialsideof . . .
Sit down Ted to me S itdown , T ed , I gotthis .
Hey Weird Beard turn off the lights Hey , We eird Beard , lights !
College is a confusing time College . . . it  ' saconfusingtime .
Done Oh, no.
Research shows 8 3 % of college students Studiesshowthat 8 3 % of allcollegestudents desperately need desperatelyneed . . . sexlessons !
Turn on the lights Lights !
Barney, these are 1 8 - year - olds !
Ted they are 1 8 year old T ed , theseare 1 8 - year - olds !
You already have a girlfriend Youhaveagirlfriend .
But she doesn 't like Ewoks Butshedoesn  ' tlike E woks !
- so what - so what - so what ?
-   S o   w h a t ? !
Justin Bieber [ Hair Like ] Turn off the lights B ieber , lights !
In 1983, George Lucas brought the Ewoks to the world. In 1983, George Lucasintroduced theworl dtothe Ewoks, a biological race araceofcreaturesindig enoustothesecondmoonof Endor .
No details are given in the movie Now , the E wokshaarichback - story Ewok Bear 's background thatthemoviedidn ' treallygointo.
Barney why don 't you just skip to Barney , whydon  ' tyoujustskip to the partaboutyouand Noora ?
Well Fine .
That 's right A h , yes .
Eventually Ewoks divided Star Wars fans into two categories Ultimately, E wokssplit Star Warsfandomintotwocamps: thoseborn before and thoseborn after May 25, 1973, and thoseborn after May 25 , 1973: The Ewok Line.
A nyonebornonthissideof the EwokLinewas atleasttenyearsoldwhenJedicameout, so old enough to dislike sweet and cute things andthustoooldforsomet hingsocloyingandcute.
And the people born in this half, A nyonebornonthisside, love the Ewoksbecause, why?
Because they remind you of Theyremindedyouof . . .
Are teddy bears Ourteddies ?
They remind you of teddy bears, Theyremdedyouofyourted dies.
Thank you Gina T hankyou , Gina .
How do you know her name Howdoyouknowhername ?
So bytheimmutablelawsoft he E wok Line , my 2 9 year old girlfriend hates Ewok my 2 9 - year - oldgirlfriendwhohates E woks then she must have at least There are 3 7 years old mustinfactbenoyounger than . . . 3 7 .
Only a year younger than Will 's mother T hat  ' sonlyayearyoungerthan Will  ' smom .
How do you know my mom 's name is out of class Howdoyouknowmymom?
C l a s s   d i s m i s s e d !
I want to be alone I need to be alone.
Well we remove A llright , we  ' removingon .
Can I follow O oh , can I come ?
Baby Hey , baby .
Just to remind you that we have an appointment with Dr. Sonya at 4 o 'clock Hey , I justwanttoremindyouwe have D r . S onyaat 4 : 0 0 .
I 'll go sorry I 'llbethere.
I ' m   s o r r y .
I 'm so depressed right now I 'mjust . . .
I 'mbummed. We got the settlement today Wegotoursettlementoffe rtoday: a billion dollar company only gave us $24,000 $24,000 from abillion-dollarcompany.
Wow, the people in your company must be very unhappy. Wow.
I   t a k e   i t   p e o p l e   a r e n ' t   h a p p y   a b o u t   t h a t .
We won. Let 's drink champagne and eat cake. We ewon!
C h a m p a g n e   a n d   c a k e   f o r   e v e r y b o d y !
They are celebrating They  ' recelebrating .
I mean it 's outrageous. I mean, it 's crazy.
We don 't deserve cake at all Wehavenorighttobeeatin gcake .
You have cake there, I 'll be there right away T here  ' scake ?!
I ' m   o n   m y   w a y !
Meanwhile the worst fieldwork ever conducted is still underway, theworstfield tripofal ltimewasstilltrucking.
Okay that 's just as exciting isn 't it A llright , this , thisisexciting , okay ?
It was in this room that I designed the building of the Giant National Bank where I hadtheideaforthe GNBT ower .
Weber 's dictionary definition of 'inspiration' is No , Webster  ' sdefines ' Inspiration ' A s . . .
Wait until the page is still buffering Holdon . I t  ' sstillloading .
Tomo U h, hey, roomie.
Robin what are you doing here Robin!
H e y ,   w h a t   a r e   y o u   d o i n g   h e r e ?
I was about to get myswerve on .
Is it Youwere ?
You are that psychiatrist S oyou  ' rethetherapist .
Pretending to be a psychiatrist Youknow , it  ' sonethingtopretendtob eashrink waiting for an opportunity to go to bed with a patient is normal and bang your patients .
T h a t ' s   n o r m a l .
But what if it was really a doctor-patient relationship Buttodoitforreal ?
It 's a little awkward bro A littlecreepy , bro .
Enough of what 's so awkward O kay , it  ' snotcreepy .
yes . . . awkward enough E hhhh . . . it  ' screepy .
Classmates raised their hands to vote Class , showofhands :
Who finds it awkward to date their psychiatristW hothinksit  ' screepytodateyourther apist ?
- Landslide - Get Out - Pollstered .
-   G e t   o u t !
Well we withdraw Allright.
W e ' r e   m o v i n g   o n !
Students on the left S o , class , toyourleft , you will see some beautifully designed youwillseesomeexcelle ntexamplesof window samples whatwe  ' dcallwindows .
Where are we going now Sowherearewegoingnow ?
I don 't know I havenoidea.
This is a disaster T hisisadisaster .
Some people already want to go home S omeofthemarealreadyst artingtogohome .
Even inadvertently there is a German family who came to travel A lthoughweseemtohavepi ckedupa Germanfamily .
Wait wait Waitaminute .
W aitaminute . T hatthingwith Robinandhercreepythera pist about Robin dating her psychiatrist gave me an epiphany givemeanidea .
Ted we can solve T ed , wehave hereawaytosolve all our previous arguments everysingledebatewe  ' veeverhad !
Check out these samples I mean , justlookatthesample : men women black asians german guys , girls , blacks , A sians , a G ermanfamily .
Where to find such a representative collective Youcan 'tpayforthatkindoffocu sgroup!
Is macaroni salad really a salad I smacaronisaladreallya salad ?
If you don 't agree, please raise your hand H andsuppifyousay ' No .

Jacob or Edward J acobor Edward ?
Who agrees with Edward W hosays Edward ?
See or not I said Ha , ha .
S e e ?   I   t o l d   y o u .
Is Edward James Olmos It  's Edward James Olmos . Edward James Olmos The famous American director and actor
W ouldyouratherhavesexw itadeadhumanbeing
- or with the living - dude - oralivean . . . ? - D ude .
- What 's the matter - Do you have a bottom line - What ?
- F indtheline . Is David Hasselhoff very good Whothinks David H asselhoffisawesome ? The famous American film and television actor and singer 's masterpiece 'Knight Rider'
It seems to be true H mm .
I t ' s   t r u e .
I thought of a if you 're dating a girl O kay .
I  'vegotone.
I f   y o u ' r e   d a t i n g   a   g i r l ,
she lied about her age andsheliesaboutherage,
will you break up with her whosaysbreakupwithher ?
yes yes but what if the person she lied to was Yes , yes , but whatif the person she  ' slyingto is notoriously shallow a boutage ?
But if O kay , but whatifearlyinourre relationshipship , she solemnly said shemadeareallybigdeal can 't lie to each other aboutwantingtonotliet oeachother ?
What if she 's sexy Whatifshe  ' shot ?
Who wants five bucks Howantsfivebucks?
Landslide victory P ollstered !
Let 's start Let 'sdothis.




Forget it, it 's too awkward. O kay, thisiscreepy.
As awkward as Crispin Glover It  's C rispin G lovercreepy .
C rispin G lover American actors often play eccentric people in movies
You are my patient Youweremypatient .
You open your heart to me Yosharedintimatestuff .
It 's like dating your gynecologist I twouldbelikedating you rgynecologist .
You were vulnerable at the time Youwerevulnerable .
We can 't treat it like nothing happened T hat  ' snotsomethingwecanmov epast .
That 's Guessnot.
Wouldn 't it be nice to date your own gynecologist S o , datingyourgyno , that  ' sbad , too ?
Robin Oh , Robin .
Just kidding, Kidding!
Look at another cake Look , we  ' vegotanotherone !
Come and have a bite. C omeon , haveabite .
Not eating is a matter of principle No , it  ' samatterofprinciple .
No matter how delicious this cake is, I don  ' tcarehowgooditis ,
I will definitely not eat the third piece again I 'mnotgonnahaveathirdpi eceofcake!
You guys had a great time today O kay , guys , youallhadalotoffuntod ay , now to make it even more fun for everyone butnowit  ' stime . . . tohaveevenmorefun !
Another cake, Anothercake!
Another Anothercake ?!
What 's wrong with you What is thematterwithyou people?!
The settlement money we received today was a scorching pile of [shit] T hatsettlementtodaywas aflamingpileof . . . [ shit ] puppies . .
Open your eyes and see what the environment is like Lookat what  ' shappening to the enviro nment , we are here to play games and we  ' reheredoing thelimbo ? limbostick The game of lowering the bar and leaning over
We should be ashamed of ourselves I mean , weshouldbeashamedofou rselves !
Sir I mean . . . Sir , all I meantwas . . .
Ten years from right now, everyone in the outside room will die every one outside in that bullpen will bedead.
What What?
Matthew I looked at recent research I 'veseenthelatestresearch, Marsh.
I 've been emphasizing Youknowhow I  ' malways saying it 's not too late to save the planet it  ' snottoolatetosavethep lanet ?
Actually it 's too late I t  ' stoolatetosavetheplan et .
There is nothing we can do T here  ' snothingtodobutsitback but wait for the end to come andawaitourinevitable doom.
Oh my goodness O h , mygoodness , a P inata
Mexicans put toys such as candy in such jars for Christmas or birthdays
Hanging from the ceiling again Blindfolded children beat Larry with a stick and give me another minute Thank you Justgivemeoneminute , Larry .
T h a n k   y o u .
O urgrotesque , inevitabledoom !
Of course you can 't tell everyone Now , ofcourse , you can  ' tgoaroundtellingallth epeople that environmentalism is dying that the goodship Environmentalismhassai ledoffintothesunset .
That would cause panic T herewouldcaseapanic.
S o , instead , whatwedois , smile at work wecometowork , weputonahappyface , before the sun 's rays dry us and wesuethebigguys
Before the sea drowns us forjustenoughmoneyfor somecake
We will sue the big company beforetheunfilteredra ysofthesunfryuslikech alupas,
make some money and eat some cake andourlungsfillupwith saltwater ,
Anyway, in the end it 's all dead andwealldie!
The cake is delicious and the world is beautiful M mm .
T h i s   c a k e   i s   d e l i c i o u s .
E v e r y t h i n g ' s   f i n e .
Too bad today U gh , thisdaysucks .
Kevin and I say goodbye to Kevinand I arekaputski .
Is this also called bad Youthinkthat  ' sbad ?
The end of the world is approaching Theworldiscomingtoanen d .
Is that also called bad Youthinkthat  ' sbad ?
My girlfriend is 3 7 years old M ygirlfriendis 3 7 !
My field trip was not as good as I expected An ndmyfieldtripisnotgoi ngaswellas I 'dhoped.

Too bad today T hisdaysucks .
Is Professor Mosby 's field trip over?Professor Mosby, isthefieldtripover?
We want to go home We  ' like togohome .
It 's over Yeah, it 's over.
Goodbye [German] A ufwiedersehen.
I just want to inspire them I justwanted toinspireth em, like my professors once inspired me youknow, like myprofessorsinspi redme.
But you see now the day is over like this B uthereweare , attheendoftheday . . .
The students asked Hey , class , quickquestion .
Who here wants to be an architect U h , isanyoneherethinkingo fbecominganarchitect ?

Really? Really?
Yes brother Y eah , dude .
I mean all jobs suck I mean, alljobssuck, but it 's 4pm butit 's 4:00 intheafternoon, you 're hanging out with your friends at the bar and you 'reoutatabarwithyourfr iends,
So your line is not too bad sothehourscan  ' tbethatbad .
So S o . . . it 's hard to say yeah , I don  ' tknow , I  ' dthinkaboutit .
Finally said to move one I gotthroughtoyou .
The premise is that I mean , thatis , ifbecomingadeejaydoes n  ' tpanout when the DJ is out.
You will be a great architect Youaregonnabeagreatarc hitect .

What are you doing here Robin Robin , whatareyoudoinghere ?
- I told you I can 't be your psychiatrist - I know - I told you I can  ' tbeyourtherapist .
- I know . Today I am your psychiatrist Today , I amyourtherapist .
What What?
You also said Yousaidyourself,
I always find reasons to make myself unhappy I  ' malways looking forreas onsnottobehappy
I 'm trying to change that. Well, I 'm trying to change that.
If the reason we can 't be together S o , if the onlyreason we can  'tbetogether is because in the first two hours we knew eachother isbecause I wasinavulnerableplace
Then it should be your turn to open your heart to me for two hours thenthatistwohoursofv ulnerabilityyouoweme .
Sit down S itdown .
Well Okay.
But let me remind you that I am a professional doctor O kay , but I mustwarnyou , asaprofessional , - don 't eat that one - tell me about your mother first - I  ' mimmuneto . . . - T ellmeaboutyourmother .
She is a control freak E verythingshesaysisama nipulation !
When I was 7 years old When I wassevenyearsold . . .
Mr Kutz Mr. r.
C o o t e s .
I 've been thinking about what you said yesterday, Listen, I 'vebeenthinkingalotabo utwhatyousaidyesterda y, you said that in the end everyone is a dead end abouthowwe 'reallgonnadie.
Oh I won 't die, I 'mnotgonnadie.
I bought an old mineshafti n Colorado .
For the past six months I 've stocked up with ample reserves, I 'vespentthelastsixmont hsfillingitwithcanned goods, rifles, and all five seasons of Friday Night Live assaultriflesandallfi veseasonsofFridayNightLights.
First of all I have to say that the second season sucks don 't watch O kay , firstofall , youcanskipseasontwo .
Second we talk after Second econdofall , afterourtalk . . .
I almost decided to give up the principle I cameprettyclosetogivi ngupmyself.
But then I went to the doctor with my wife Butthen I wenttothedoctorwithmy wife . . . and then and . . .
I saw this I saw this.
Boy or girl Boyorgirl ?
I don 't know I don 't know.
But I 'm pretty sure I 'll stick to the principle But I know I sureashellcan  ' tgiveupnow .
If you just want to find someone S o , if you  ' rejust looking for someo ne , if you  'rejust looking for someone who has no principle to play games with you to hold the other end of the elimbostick , then you are looking for the wrong person, do you know why you gotthewrongguyfort hejob , and youknowwhy ?
The limbostick is good for the waist and is not suitable for tall people because you are one meter taller than your colleagues. ' C auseyou  ' rethreefeettallerthan everyoneinthisoffice ?

Not because if I 'm going to work here No. B ecause if I amgonnaworkhere, then first thingtomorro wmorning tomorrow morning,
Is to go to Gruber pharmaceutical company I 'mwalkingdownto GruberP harmaceuticals, and reject their compensation offer and I 'mrejectingtheiroffer.
Even if I fight alone, I will never turn back. E venif I havetodoitmyself.

listen to me I want to tell you that I know Li isten , I wantyoutoknow . . .
I   k n o w .
Know what K nowwhat ?
Nora Nora .
Barney Barney .
Nora Nora .
Just say Justsaywhatyou  'regonnasay !
I know you 're old I knowyou  ' reold !
I 've been struggling with this problem for a long time And I  ' vebeenstrugglingwithi t , but when I see you butwhen I lookatyou . . .
I suddenly don 't care because I really like you I don  ' tcare , because I really like you .
And at the age of 37 years you are really bulging. And because for 37, you are keepingittoit!
You think I 'm 37 years old Youthink I 'm 37?
If you 're 29 Well, ifyouwerereally 29,thenyouwouldhavebeena littlekid the first time you saw the Ewoks,thenyouwouldhavebeena littlekid must have been a child,the firsttimeyousawthe E woksandyouwouldhavelo vedthem.
Barney, I only started watching the Star Wars series Barney last year, I didn 'tseeanyofthe S tar Warsmoviesuntillastyea r.
Long live you 29 years old You . . . you  ' re 2 9 !
One more year of good times You stillhaveonegoodyea rleft .
- what- nothing- What?
-   N o t h i n g .

LaVine is a neurosurgeon B ut Naveen  ' stheneurosurgeon , so of course he is a baby bump soofcoursehegetsallth eattention !
Lavin is so smart Oh , Naveenissosmart , he operates on people 's brains heoperatesonpeople  ' sbrains !
Well, guesswhat, Mom?!
I treat the human mind I treat the human mind!
Time is up Ourtimeisup .
I don 't think thisisgonnawork.
I scared you off , didn  ' t I ?
No I mean I can 't continue treating you No , I mean , I don  ' tthink I canbeyourtherapist . You are so loving You  ' rereallycute .

The next day,
Matthew went alone into Gruber 's den Marshall returned to G ruber P harmaceuticalsalone .
You have admitted to polluting the lake I mean , you admit that you polllut edthelake .
We have evidence Wegottheevidence.
We have charts Wegotthecharts .
There are fish Thefish . . .
鱼   F i s h ,   h u h ?
Fish are weird F ishareweird .
Have you ever thought about the name of the fish Youeverthinkaboutthena mesoffish ?
Please I mean , comeon .
Carp [meaning finding faults] Carp .
Garrison didn 't expect you to come here Garrison , whatanicesurprise .
Your apprentice is at Yourstarapprenticewasj ust , uh .
I don 't understand ' F loundering . '
Tell a little fish joke Little , littlefishhumor entertain the public foryouguys .
Not going well I twasnotgoingwell .
I 'm here to turn down your twenty-four I 'mheretoturndownthe 2 4 , 0 0 0 .
Adding your five hundred is also negotiable Well , I canmaybegetyou 2 4 , 5 0 0 .
Not enough Not . . . good . . . enough .
Where are we going W herearewegoing ?
Towar , son .
We are going to the battlefield We  ' regoingtowar .
Are we going to save the planet We  ' regoingtosavetheplane t .
Kids we know they did A ndkids , aswenowknow , theydid .
a few weeks ago
Do you know what was in last night Hey , youknowwhatwasonlastn ight ?
'Being a Teacher' is so beautiful Standand Deliver .
S o   g o o d .
how did jacob james olmos not see him W hateverhappenedto jacob james olmos ?
Who Who ?
How did Jacob James Olmos not see him? Jacob James Olmos .
W h a t e v e r   h a p p e n e d   t o   t h a t   g u y ?
No this person He everexisted .
It 's called Edward James Olmos [Ted is right] It  ' s Edward James Olmos .
You 're right by your name. You  ' re O lmoscorrect .
His name is Jacob James Olmos It  's Jacob James Olmos .
- Edward James Olmos - Jacob James Olmos - I t  ' s Edward James Olmos .
-   J a c o b   J a m e s   O l m o s .
- Edward James Olmos - What a joke - Edward James Olmos . - You  ' rejoking , right . . . ?
- Are you serious? - Jacob James Olmos - A reouserious . . . ? seriously .

-   J a c o b   J a m e s   O l m o s .
