0 0 : 0 0 : 0 1 , 0 8 0 - -&gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 0 2 , 6 9 0 Previouslyon Young S heldon . . . Mr. Youknowthat Mr.
The one with the furniture store over by the steakhouse that R osenbloom opened near the steak house?
He invited me to dinner He  ' saskedmetodinner .
Is he your boyfriend I sheyourboyfriend ? It 's one of mine so don 't talk about this Well , he  ' soneofthem , solet  ' snotbringthatup .
Well, what can I do for you A llright , sowhatcan I doforyou ?
What 's it like to be a Jew What  ' sitliketobe J ewish ?
It sucks I don 't recommend Oh, it 's sterrible.
I   d o n ' t   r e c o m m e n d   i t .

What 's wrong Y eah ? Connie I wanted to invite you to dinner tonight C onnie , I would like tohavedinner withyoutonight .
It looks like things are going well T hisisverypromising .
Dr. Sturgis and Grandma Dr. Sturgisand Meemaw
first sleepover together hadtheirfirstsleepove r . This is a major development in their relationship I t  ' sabigstepintheirrelat ionship .
I 'm going to congratulate them I 'mgoingtogocongratulat ethem.
Put on your coat first. It 's cold outside. Hey, putonajacket, it 'schillyout.
You seem to always have vanilla ice cream for dessert I haveonlyseenyoueatvan illaicecreamfordesser t .
- Why is this - I 'm with a - W hyisthat ? - Well , I  ' vetakenapage fromthegreatphysicist Richard Feynman of the great physicist Richard Feynman .
In order to reduce one of the decisions in his life, I nordertohaveonelessde cisioninhislife, he decided to always eat only chocolate ice cream for dessert hedecidedthatdessertw ouldalwaysbechocolate icecream.
I feel like I will get tired of eating one day. S ounds like it could getki ndofboring .
Oh indeed, itdoes. But in the past 35 years Butoverthelast 35 years,
I believe I have saved at least a day and a half of my life because of this I believe I  ' vesavedatleastadayand ahalf .

If you have a chance, you must let me cook for you. Well, you have toletmecookfor yousometime.
But I love cooking for you. But I enjoy cooking for you.
is my way of expressing my affection to you I t  ' sameansofexpressingmy affection .
And this way I can control how much garlic I talsoallowsmetocontro ltheamountofgarlic,
Because that would give me hiccups which givesmetheburps . I make roast meat super good Well , I domakeameanbarbecue , I can promise not to put any garlic and I promise I canmakeitgarlic - free .
Wonderful Excelent !
Let you express your love to me next time N exttime , you can express yourraffe ctionforme .


Excuse me for Excuseme . It is estimated that Sheldon is calling to check on I betit  ' s S heldoncheckingonus .

Why What?
Connie, I 'm Ella C onnie ?
I t ' s   I r a .


I. . .
I ' m ,   u h . . .
It 's Sheldon I-I t 's S heldon.
He sounded a little restless. He . . . soundsalittleagitated .
I went to the side to answer the phone I  ' mgonnatakeitintheothe rroom .
Wait a minute . . . Just . . .

Go ahead and say Hello again.
That 's it, I want to ask if you have any plans for the weekend, Listen, I  'mwonderingwhatyou ' redoingthisweekend.
I miss you I missyou .
Very good Cool , cool . Would you like to watch a movie together? Youwanttogotoamovie
Or a few rounds of bowling orbowlafewframes ? Well I don 't feel comfortable talking on the phone right now U h , youknow , listen , it  ' snotagreattimerightno w .
My family came to my house U m , I havealittlefamilyover ,
Can I call back later and can I callyoulater ?
Ok sorry I don 't want to disturb you either. Yeah. Yeah, I  ' msorry .
I - I   d o n ' t   w a n t   t o   i n t e r r u p t .
I just miss your voice a little
The voice coming right up out of myt hroat from the origin of my throat . Okay U m , okay ,
That . . . bye so , uh , uh , bye .
Goodbye Bye-bye.
How  's Sheldondoing?
- What - Sheldon ah - What ? - S heldon .
Didn 't you just talk to Sheldon on the phone? Youweretalkingto S heldon.
right right Oh . . . right , yes .
Did you know there is a picture of Feynman in his room D idyouknowhehasapictur eofthatfella Feynmaninhisbedroom ?
Really? Me too What?
S o   d o   I .
You guys are really good P easinapod .
I hate Oh, darn. Excuse me again.

Who is Yes ?
How 's it going How  ' sitgoing ?
Sheldon called It 's Sheldonagain again.
What is 'again'? What doyou mean 'again' ?
Say something about S peak . I recently read an article about a superconducting supercollider about a superconducting supercollider
It 's possible to build a thatmightbebuiltin T exas here in Texas.
And what about it ? I was thinking that if you Well , I thought if there was an inyourdinnerconversation when there was no topic at dinner ,
You can break the cold scene by saying this casually youmightcasuallydropi tasanicebreaker . We had a great chat during dinner O urdinnerconversationi sgoingjustfine .
Now you have one more topic to reserve Well , now you haveitinyourbac kpocket .
You guys go ahead Carryon .



Q uestion - - willwebeengagingincoi tustonight ?
 'Cause I seem to be on my way
Strained hamstring on the bikerideover .
Then why didn 't you say W hydidn  ' tyousaysomething ? I was going to show my masculinity Well , I wastrying to display mac hismo , but the pain between my groin butit  ' sbecomingmoreandmorec lear
More and more strongly that I really hurt that there  ' ssomethingaskewinmygr oin . John Oh , John . . .
Don 't do anything wedon  ' havetodoanything .
We can just stay We ecanjustbetogether .
Thank you Thanks .
But if you don 't mind Butifit  ' sallthesametoyou ,
I still want to try it out I  'dliketogiveittheoldco llegetry .
♪ ♪ No one in the world is stronger than me♪ ♪ No bodyelseisstrongerth an I am ♪ ♪ Yesterday I moved a mountain♪ ♪ Y esterday I movedamountaun ♪ ♪ I believe I can be your hero♪ ♪ I bet I couldbeyourhero ♪
♪ I 'm an amazing little guy ♪ ♪ I amamightylittleman ♪
♪ I 'm an amazing little guy ♪ ♪ I amamightylittleman ♪
juvenile
Shelton

给 Here yougo.
Thank you T hankyou . So you really want S o , you  'rereallygonnagoout while talking to this furniture store man withthisfurniturestor efella
Are you dating Dr. Sturgis too whileseeing D r . S turgis ?
If you 've played A ndifyou  ' ddonesomeofthat like I did, maybe you wouldn 't have a good time with the 'Bluto' in there youwouldn 'tbesaddledwith B lutointhere .
The classic character in the animation 'Popeye' is burly
This is so bad T hat  ' snotnice .
And do you have to add this Andisthatreallynecessa ry ? Italians call this ' Corretto [correct] ' T he I talianscallit ' C orretto .'
It means to change the drink to the right Itmeanscorrectingthedr ink.
So non-alcoholic drinks are wrong S o , adrinkwithoutalcoholi nitiswrong ?
That 's right Yep.
Italian people can understand Italian people , they know what  ' sup .
Okay your problem is solved one at a time Allright , oneissueatatime .
So do you really want to tread two boats S o , you  ' rereallygonnadatetwom ensimultaneously ?
- These two are the parts you know - Mom - T twoayouknowof .
- O h , M om . Why don 't you be so rigid C omeon , don  ' tbesuchaprude .
I won 't have kids again I 'mnotgonnahaveanybabie s .
I don 't need these men to raise me either I don  ' tneedthesementotakeca reofme .
Why don 't I just enjoy my life When hyshouldn  ' t I justenjoymyself ?
I 'm sorry to God because of this. Well, itisn ' tvery C hristianofyou.
I can 't refute this I gotnoargumentthere .
Toast to you with a glass of Salute!

This drink really saved Yeah , thatfixedit .

Grandma, don 't Oh, Meemaw, no.
Who are you calling Hey , whoareyoucalling ?
Dr. Sturgis Dr. Sturgis.
Why ? I saw my grandma get into Mr. Los St. Bon 's car I saw Meemawgetinacarwith Mr. r.
R o s e n b l o o m .
Don 't No No . . .
I don 't know if it really happened I don  ' tknowifitreallyhappen edthisway ,
But in my nine-year-old 's eyes buttomynine - year - oldmind ,
my mother was flying mymother was flying .

How about this brisket S o , how  ' sthebrisket ?
It 's good. It 's good.
It 's not as good as what I made I tain  ' tmybrisket , butit  ' sgood . I should take you to New York I shouldtakeyouto New York
This way you can taste authentic kosher brisket soyoucouldtastesomeau thentic J ewishbrisket .
How would it be different How  ' sitdifferent ? Basically the same
Fat pours directly into your heart godirectlytoyourheart.
God Oh , boy . . .
I miss your laughter so much I missthatlaugh . So . . . S o , uh . . .
What do you think of this idea whatdoyouthinkofthati dea ?
- what idea - go to new york together - whatidea
go see some sights uh , seesomesights . Ella this . . .
O h ,   I r a ,   g e e . . .
I don 't know anymore I don  ' tknow .
- Feels like a big step forward - will it - S eemslikeabigstep . ? - I sit ?
I think we live to our age. I thinkatthistimeofourl ives, we should travel more to see the world weshouldtravel, seetheworld.
- Probably - after all - I guess .
- I mean , we won 't live younger we  ' renotgettinganyyounge r .
What do you mean by that What  ' sthatsupposedtomean ?
I mean I 'm getting younger I mean , I mean , I  ' mnotgettinganyyounger . But you are not like me You , ontheotherhand ,
you are still a blooming tulip youareablossomingtuli p .
This is almost Better .
But I can 't help but understand But I stilldon  ' tunderstand .
Your grandmother is a single lady Yourgrandmother  ' sasinglelady . She hasn 't settled down with any man yet S he  ' snotcommittedtoanyone fella ,
She wants to see more about herself and those men who can choose andshewantstoseewhath eroptionsare .
But Dr. Sturgis is the best option But Dr. S turgisis the best option . Maybe you think so Well , youmightfeelthatway ,
But she hasn 't made up her mind yet butshe  ' snotsosure .
Then we have to tell her I 'm going to call The henweneedtotellher .
I  ' ll make the call . No we should not meddle in our business N o . W eneedtomindourbusines s
Let 's just pray she will make the right choice and maybeprayforhertom aketherightdecision .
Shall we put our destiny in the hands of God We  'regonnaleavethisupto God?
Do you think you can do better than God Youthinkyoucoulddoabet terjobthan God ? Maybe not in creation as his Maybenotwithcreatingth euniverse ,but I think I used a plague but I bet I could free the Hebrews
can be better than he withonegoodplague in liberating the Hebrews.
You can go to Youcangetlox , bagels , at 3:30 in the morning
Eat smoked salmon bagels with various toppings allthetrimmingsat 3 : 3 0 inthemorning .
Why would I want that Why would I want that ?
It really won 't be too dinner. Well, you wouldn 't.
I   m e a n ,   i t ' s   t o o   h e a v y .
But as long as you want to eat you can eat Butyoucouldifyouwanted .
What do you think S o , whatdoyouthink ?
Ira I don 't think so
How about a weekend in New Orleans toaweekendin New O rleans , huh ?
We can go on one of those high class cruise ships like We coulddooneofthose Carnival C ruisethings .
I 'm going to drive you crazy You  ' rekillingme .
I can 't I . . . I can  ' tdothis , I . . .
Can 't you what Can 'tdowhat?
I ra , you  ' rejustawonderfulman .
God I don 't like the way your words go Oh , boy , I don  ' tlike where thisisgoing .
But I have to tell you the truth Buttotellyouthetruth,
I 've been with someone I 'mseeingsomebodyelse.
One kill A ndwe  ' vegonethere . I thought I could do it with you at the same time I thought I coulddoit , uh . . . youknow , datebothofyou ,
But I can 't I can 't. . . but I - I can  ' t , I can  ' t , I just . . .
I am not this material I 'mnotcutoutforit.
Okay I have a suggestion O kay , suggestion . Maybe you may have thought about it too. An ndmaybeyou  ' vealreadythoughtofthi s . .
Then how about just socializing with me andonlyseeme?


Sorry I 'm sorry.
I thought I could handle this. I thought I could handle this.
- It 's alright - did you know - I t  ' sokay . - Youknow ,
When you get older you think you get older , and you think yourskinis thicker . . .
- It 's alright - less sad - I t  ' sokay . - . . . andyourheartistougher .
But it 's not the case. On the contrary. Butit  ' snot , it  ' stheotherwayaround . I hope that man knows what kind of treasure he has picked up.
The word 'treasure' is a bit off. Well, ' gift ' isastrongword ,
but he was very fond of me buthe  ' senthusiastic .
That 's good Good.
I wish you two a happy Mayyoubothbeveryhappyt ogether!
I don 't want to start celebrating I don  ' twanttocelebratetooso too soon , but grandma got out of mr los saint bons car and he was crying but Meemawand Mr .
R o s e n b l o o m   a r e   b a c k ,   a n d   h e   w a s   c r y i n g .
I 'll come back to share when there is an update. T here ' llbemoreupdatesasthey happen .


I 'm done with I 'mdone. Can I request to leave the table early Can I pleasebeexcused?
God did you chew Good Lord , didyouevenchewit ?
Did not chew the number of times the doctor recommended Nottherecommendedamoun t , no .
What are you in such a hurry for What  ' syourhurry ?
I have to go back to my observation bit I needtogetbacktomyview ingpost.
Fine , goahead .
What does he want to see by staring at his grandma 's house? What  ' sheexpecttosee , staringat Meemaw  ' shouse ?
Did you just come into our house Didyoujustjointhisfamily ?
That kid is a freak Thekid  ' sanoddball .
Excited to associate with people he admires amanhelooksupto.
I wish she could date Tony D anza - - that  ' dbecool .
Where are you fascinated by Tony Danza? WhatisitwithyouandTonyDanza? Although the TV series didn 't say it or acted itW ell, theshowdoesn 'tcomeoutandsayit,
But I 'm sure he 's the boss but I  ' mprettysurehe  ' stheboss .
I think that blonde is the boss I thinktheblondelady  ' stheboss .
Angela?
Who 's the freak W ho  ' stheoddballnow ?
I may warn you I 'mwarningyou, once you taste my onceyoutrymybarbecue,
What other people do you no longer look down on it willruinyoutoallthe others.
This is the same as when I started using high-grade toilet paper T hat  ' swhathappenedtomewith quiltedtoiletpaper .O nce I tried thegoodstuff,
Others are used like steel wool everythingelsefeltlik ea B rillopad .
Your metaphor really has a sense of picture. Youpaintquitethepicture , don  ' tyou ?
Oh my gosh, gosh.
Excuse me for Excuseme .
Sheldon, this isn 't cute at all. S heldon, this is not cuteanymore.

Connie Tucker C onnie Tucker ? Is it my Yes ?
The dining table and chairs from the Los St. Penn furniture store are delivered to I haveadinetteset from Rosenbloom 's Furniture.
I didn 't buy furniture I didn  ' tbuyanyfurniture .
It should be a gift from someone else I thinkit  ' sagift .
God Oh , boy . I bent down to pick up a book I bentdowntopickupabook ,
It 's no wonder she didn 't take the opportunity to peek at my ass and I  ' llbedarnedifshedidn  ' tsneakalookatmyderrie re .
This guy Oh , man .
You can 't believe what just happened at your grandma 's house Youwon  ' tbelievewhat  ' shappeningat Meemaw  ' shouse .
Is it more interesting than 'Growing Up [Who 's the Boss]' I sitmoreinterestingthan W ho  ' sthe Boss ?
I deeply doubt Doubtit .

Los St. Point Furniture Store I 'm Ella Rosenbloom 's Fine F urniture.
I raspeaking . Why did you send me furniture W hyareyousendingmefurn iture ?
I decided not to leave so quietly I 'vedecided I can 'tgoawayquietly.
I 'm going to fight for your love I 'mfightingforyourlove.
With a set of dining chairs With ithadinetteset ?
This is no ordinary dining table chair this is our best selling style Oh , thisisn  ' tjustanydinetteset .
I t  ' sourbiggestseller . And it 's not a composite sheet Oh Andit  ' snotpressedwood - -
It 's pure oak it  ' soak !
Ira I don 't like this I ra , I don  ' tlike this .
Or do you prefer the W ouldyoupreferaleather sectional of leather fabrics?
what happened U h , what  ' sgoingon ?

Can I call you later? Can I call youback?
Looking forward to your call I lookforwardtoit .
Don 't blindly expect Youshouldn  ' t .

Okay O kay . I guess so I guess you could say one of my ex boyfriends oneofmyformerboyfrien ds
Trying to win my heart back with furniture istryingtowinmebackwi thfurniture .
That 's amazing Huh . I mpressive .
This is real oak T hisisrealoak .
Was he on the phone just now? Wasthathimonthephone?
Yes sorry Yes .
I ' m   s o r r y .
Interesting I ninteresting .
What What ? Know that another man robs me of you
Your attraction to me increased immediately ismakingyoumoreattract tivetome .
I don 't understand I don 'tfollow. I 'll have to do some research I 'llhavetodosomeresearch, but I guess it 's an instinct hidden in the genes but I 'mguessingthisisagenet icinstinct
Boost my libido that  ' sraisingmylibido .
I want a cup of I needadrink .
Can you believe he wants to win my heart back with a set of dining chairs Can youbelievehetriedto winmebackwithadinette set ?
If you leave Texas I will send you a set of dining chairs immediately I  ' dgiveyouadinettesetif you  ' dleave T exas .
So would you return the thing S o , would you return it ?
Of course not I 'm keeping Hellno, I 'mkeepingit.
But this is equivalent to owe others a favor Butthenyou  ' llbebeholdentohim .
Is it possible for you to get back with Ira W ouldyouevertake I raback ? I don 't know I don  ' tknow . He 's very caring and warm but . . .
H e ' s   s w e e t   a s   h e   c a n   b e ,   b u t . . .
John is just not the same there  ' sjustsomethingabout John .
He is like a cute little teddy bear He  ' slikeacutelittleteddy bear , youknow ? A brilliant ,
bicycle - riding
teddybear . I don 't understand half of what he said I don  ' tevenunderstandhalfof whathesays . But . . .
B u t . . .
When he 's not around I miss him so much whenhe  ' snotaround , I justmisshim .
Sounds like you  ' falling in love .
Maybe May I am .
Awesome I love him Excelent too.
I   l o v e   h i m ,   t o o .
Get me out Getoutofhere!
If you don 't understand what Dr. Sturgis says I fyoudon 'tunderstandwhat D r. S turgissays ,
I 'll be happy to explain for you I 'mhappytoexplainittoyo u .
Go get !


Excuse me. Excuseme.
I 'm looking for Ira I 'm looking for I ra .
Willing to help you. Is there anything I can do to help you? A tyourservice . Whatcan I doforyou ?
Sir you have overstepped your boundaries You , sir , have overstepped yourourbo unds .
Sorry for what you said I  ' msorry , what ? Miss Constance Tucker made it clear to you that she would no longer accept any form of courtship from you madeitclearyourcourts hipwasnolongerwelcome ,
And you responded with six chairs andyourespondedwithsi xchairs,
A table and a large movable table board atable , andanexpansionleaf .
Which onion are you W hoareyou ? John Sturgis ,
The man she finally chooses themanshechose your rival andyourromanticrival .
I 'm sorry, what are you trying to do I - I  ' msorry , wait , what - whatisityouwantfromme ?
I want you to give up your pursuit of Connie I wantyoutogiveupyourpu rsuitof Connie .
Well now please leave my store A llright , I  ' mgonnahavetoaskyoutol eavemystore .
Very good Verywell .
The dividing line has been drawn Thelineinthesandhasbee ndrawn .
Risk of crossing the lineC rossitatyourownperil .


Freak Weirdo .


What did you just say? You clearly heard Youheardme.
Sir I am a person with feelings Sir , I amamanwithfeelings .
You hurt my feelings A ndyouhavehurtthem . I know you 've had a lot . . . I knowyou  ' vehadanumberof . . .
male visitor gentlemancallers ,
But I 've never heard you speak of anyone in such a tone but I  ' veneverheardyouspeakl ikethisbefore .
' Male Visitors ' ' Gentlemancallers ' ?
We 're also curious where Sheldon learned the word A ndwewonderwhere S heldongetsit. Sorry you both find it funny I 'msorryy ' all find thisfunny, but this is since my dad died butthisisthefirsttime
my mom first time to a man mymother ' sexpressedrealinteres tinaman
Expressed interest since D addied . Excuse me for wanting to know more F orgivemeforwantingtok nowmore .
Do you really want to know more Youreallywanttoknowmor e ? Imagine you both are getting older Imagineyou  ' regettingoninyears , you and your husband are getting ready to retire youandyourhusbandabou ttoretire ,
Have a timeshare in Sarasota getalittletimesharein Sarasota ,
And caught off guard and . . . suddenly . . .
He died he  ' sgone , leaving you alone and you  ' reallalone . You mourn you cry You oumourn , youcry ,
But eventually you have to look forward buteventuallyyoumoveo n . So you start dating Youstartdatingalittle ,
It 's fun to find andit  ' sallgoodfun . But there 's always a voice deep inside you B utalwaysinthebackofyo urmind ,
Asking the same question there  ' sthatquestion . . .
'Will I be alone in theend' 'W ill I bealoneintheend ?'


Why are you two looking at me? Why hyy  ' all looking atmefor ?
I haven 't slept for days Haven  ' tsleptindays . Feels like a teenage sleepy I t  ' slike I  ' malovesickteenager ,
Harry S. Truman became the 33rd President of the United States in 1945
Except I remember the Truman administration except I remember the T rumanadministration . Your feelings are understandable Your feelings are underst andable .
Connie is an amazing woman Connieisaremarkablewom an .
Indeed Yes , sheis .
Sorry again I shouldn 't have called you a freak But , again , I  ' msorry .
I shouldn 't ever have called youweird . I know it 's rude I mean , eh , itwasrude .
I have even more rude calling I 'vebeencalledmuchworse.
A professor called me A professoroncecalledme ostrobogulous .
I had to look up the dictionary to find the word I hadtolookthatoneup .
What does that mean What  ' sitmean ? It also means T hat I  ' maweirdo .
John you are a good man John , you  ' reagreatguy .
You too Well , you , too !
But I hope you understand that I just . . . But I hopeyouunderstand, I just . . .
I can 't give up Connie I can ' tgiveupon Connie .
It 's okay T hat  ' sallright . To be honest with you T otelyouthetruth ,
I find the competition exciting I 'mfindingthecompetitio nquiteexhilarating.
Do you really think so Youare ? Yes Oh , yes .
That night the nightthedinetteseta rrived that set of dining table and chairs came,
I did my first push ups in 40 years I didmyfirstpush - upin 40 years .
Sorry but I think it 's really . . .
I ' m   s o r r y ,   b u t   I   f i n d   t h a t   t o   b e ,   u h - -
what  ' stheword - - astro - boobulous ?
Strange flower O strobogulous .
Strobogulous
I am going to buy one of this ononeofthese
Oh with a cupholder.


What a surprise, John!
W h a t   a   p l e a s a n t   s u r p r i s e .
I have something to tell you I have some news for you .
What 's Whatisthat?
I went to the furniture store and talked to Ira. I wenttothefurnituresto reandspoketo Ira. Why would you do that? Why would you do that?
Ask him to respect your request and stop bothering you To demandthatherespecty ourwishtobeleftalone.
John you are not qualified to do this kind of thing John , itwasnotyourplacetodo that .
That may comfort you Well, ifithelps,
he is not going to leave you hedoesn  ' tplanonleavingyoualon e .

What the hell are you thinking? What thehellwereyouthin king?!
I want to play chivalry. T hat I wasbeingchivalrous.
Does it count for doing this behind my back? Bygoingbehindmyback ?
You look unhappy, Yoseemupset. I am unhappy I amupset!
A ndhow I handle I raismybusiness !
I hope you can be gentle Well, I hopeyoudoitgently.
He is very vulnerable now He  ' sveryvulnerablethesed ays . Are you still friends now You  ' refriendsnow ?
Now I dare not say that Well , I wouldn  ' tsayfriends ,
But I can foresee it going on like this but I couldsee , overtime ,
we probably . . . youknow , wemight . . .
Are you two fighting? A reyoutwofighting?
not No .
That 's great. Oh, good.
I almost thought we were arguing I wasalmost certainthatw ewere .
It 's Weare . - I 'm confused - I 'm too - I  ' mconfused .
-   M e ,   t o o .
Is it because of you going to the furniture store I sthisbecauseyouwentto thefurniturestore ? Does he know about this too H eknowsaboutthis ?
-   A l l   r i g h t ,   n o w ,   l i s t e n ,
If this relationship still wants any possibility ifthisrelationship  ' sgonnahaveanychanceat all ,
We must lay down the ground rules wehavetolaydownsomegr oundrules . Great . I love rules Great . I loverules .
I am also I do , too .
I don 't want you to tell him anything I don  ' twantyoutalkingtohima boutanything about us havingtodowithanythin gaboutus .
You too S amewithyou . I want you to stop A nd I wantyoutostop
Spying on me with your binoculars spyingonmewiththosebi noculars like you 're on some african safari likeyou 'reonsomekindofAfricansafari.youcannottalktoIraA ndyoucannottalktoIra
Or any of my ex-boyfriends you shouldn 't be talking about this oranyofmyex - boyfriends , forthatmatter .
The rules are getting more and more T hislistisgettinglong .
Maybe we should write it down Maybeweshouldwriteitdo wn .

At that moment Inthatmoment, I had an epiphany I hadanepiphany.
I could draw up a contract for any social relationship I could drawupacontractf oranysocialrelationsh ip .
I twasahelpfulwaytoremo veambiguity in this world that is often unclear
This is an effective way of clearing up ambiguity inaworldthatwasoftenh ardtounderstand. Entry ThreeA rticlethree-- Sheldonwillnotspy
Spy on Grandma 's House with binoculars on Meemaw  'shousewithbinoculars.
This sentence gives me bold Typethatoneinbold .


Please sign and date P leasesignanddate .
Sheldon if that helps I have notary qualifications Youknow , S heldon , I  ' manotary , ifthathelps .
Your image in my mind got cooler Just when I thoughtyoucouldn  ' tgetcooler .
I decided I wouldgoon the act of drawing up such contracts throughout my life - -
Whether with roommates withroommates , or with my wife withmywife . Even with my children E venwithmyownchildren .
