0 0 : 0 0 : 0 0 , 0 0 0 - - &gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 0 6 , 9 8 6 - = Eden Forum http://www.ydy.com = - Honorary title This subtitle is for learning and exchange only , Strictly Not For Commercial Pathway 0 0 0 : 0 0 : 1 6 , 5 2 9 - - &gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 3 2 , 5 2 1 - = COSL - YTET Group Studio = - Translation: einstein ~ wcj Proofreading : einstein ~ wcj I am Mary Alice Young .
As you browse today 's morning paper, you may read an article about the unusual day I had last week.
Normally, there is nothing newsworthy in my life, but last Thursday everything changed.
Of course, at first, everything seemed normal.
I make breakfast for my family.
Do housework .
Finish my handiwork .
complete my mission.
In fact, it was no different from usual -- everything was business as usual, until something unusual happened.
That 's why everything was shocking, when I decided to go to the closet in the hallway and pick up a revolver that had never been used.
My body was found by my neighbor Martha Huber,
She was startled by a strange sound.
she was curious,
Mrs. Huber thought of a reason to come uninvited.
After hesitating for a while, she decided to come and return the blender she had borrowed from me 6 months ago.
My neighbor, I think she was shot.
There is blood everywhere.
Yes, hurry up to send an ambulance, call an ambulance.
After a while,
Mrs. Huber stood dumbfounded in the kitchen, deeply moved by this incident . . .
But only for a while.
If we say Huber 's biggest feature,
It 's just that she can always think about things in a positive way.
People buried me on Monday.
After the funeral, all the people who lived in wisterialane came to express their memory and respect for me.
Like what people usually do in this situation, they bring something to eat.
Lynette Scavo brought fried chicken.
Lynette has a big family and everyone loves fried chicken.
Of course, when she was a professional woman, she rarely cooked.
She has no time.
But when her doctor told her she was pregnant, his husband Tom had an idea.
'Why not resign' ?
' Babies brought out by mothers who stay at home are better and less stressful. '
But that is not the case .
In fact, Lynette 's life became so exciting that she had to go to a fast food restaurant to buy a fried chicken.
If Lynette thinks about it carefully, you may realize that this is the irony,
But she can 't, she doesn 't have time.
- Stop! - But, Mom!
No, be nice today.
I don 't want to lose face in front of everyone.
I was serious. . .
What is this? Santa 's phone number r .
How did you know ?
I know a friend, and one of her friends knows a little devil, so if any of you mess up today, I 'll call Santa right away and I 'll tell him that you only need socks for Christmas.
Want to try it?

OK, then let 's put this away.
Gabrielle Solis, who lives in the back of the block, brought the paella.
Since she started modeling in New York,
Her taste in food has grown . . . and the rich men .
Carlos, who workedinmergersnda cquisitions, proposed to her on their third date.
Gabrielle was moved when she saw the tears in his eyes, but she soon discovered that this was the case whenever Carlos managed to get close to some big man.
Gabrielle loves her fresh paellas.
But her relationship with her husband was frosty.
If you talked to Al M ason this morning,
I hope you can casually mention how much I paid for this necklace for you.
He told me last time how much he spent on his wife 's new look.
I 'll just stick a price tag on my chest, okay?
Look, just plug in while chatting. How can I plug in, Carlos.
why ?
At the D onoghue party, everyone was talking about those mutual funds, but you said you slept with more than half of the Yanks on those farms.
I told you, they were talking about this at the time.
Hey, everyone 's watching, take it easy, okay?
Of course, I don 't want them to think we 're at odds.
Breevande K amp, who lives next door, brought two baskets of muffins she baked.
Bree is good at cooking, making clothes, gardening,
Even fitted her sofa with a seat cover.
Yes, many of Bree 's talents are well known, and everyone who lives in Wisterialane thinks Bree is the perfect wife and mother.
Everyone, in fact, except her family.
P a u l .
Z a c h a r y .
Hi Mrs V an D e K amp .
Bree , I 'm sorry to bother you so much.
No hassle at all. This red strapped basket contains some desserts that you can serve to your guests after the meal, but this blue strapped basket contains something for you and Z achary.
There are muffins, all kinds of things that can be eaten in a basket.
Thanks. Well, at least that 's what I can do so the kids can at least have a good meal tomorrow morning.
I know you are distraught.
Yes .
Of course, remember to return the basket to me after eating.
Of course .
Susan Mayer, who lives across the street, brought macaroni and cheese.
Her husband Carl always laughed at the macaroni she made, saying it was the only thing she could make, and she couldn 't do it well.
She and Carl made it the night she moved in, and it was too salty.
The pasta she made the night she noticed Carl 's shirt had lip prints was too fluffy.
The night Carl told her to leave her to go to his secretary, she poured the macaroni.
She has been divorced for a year.
Susan begins to think it 's a good thing to have a man in her life, even one who only makes fun of her cooking skills.
Mom . . . why would anyone commit suicide?
Well . . . because they were so unhappy, they felt it was the only way for them to solve their problems .

However, Mrs Young seems to be happy all the time.
Well, yes, sometimes some people behave completely differently to outsiders than they actually are.
Oh, you mean dad 's girlfriend always looks good on the surface, but in reality, she 's just a bitch ?
I don 't like the word, Julie.
But yes, this example is awesome.
Hi, what 's the matter, sorry for being late.
Hi susan .

Hi, so what did Carl say when you objected?
You 'll love this, he said . . .
'It means nothing, just sex.'
Oh yes, that 's what it says on the first page of those playboy handbooks.
Yes, and then with an innocent look on his face, he said, 'You know, Susan, most men live their lives in peaceful despair.'
Please tell me that you missed him.
No, I said, 'Yes, then most women
What are the noisy days you spend every day?'
Well, well said.
I don 't understand, so many people, why mess with his secretary? Probably she cooks better breakfast than me.
Like my grandmother said-- a man has no morals when he has an erection.
There 's no morals even when you 're not erect.
That 's half the reason I joined the NRA.
Well, when Rex started attending these medical conferences,
I hope he remembers a loving wife waiting for him at home. And a bunch of kids.
Lynnie, Tom is always out on business, don 't you worry?
Oh please, this man got me 3 pregnancies in 4 years.
I want him to have sex with someone else.
So, Susan, did he decide not to see that woman again?
I have no idea .
I 'm sorry, I just... .
I just don 't know how to get through this.
listen to me .
We all have times of despair.
But when we face it and move on, we discover how strong we are.

Susan . I just said Paul let us go over Friday .
He wants us to help with Mary Alice 's closet and other things.
He said he couldn 't face it all alone.
sure no problem .
are you OK ?
Of course .
I 'm just a little pissed.
If Mary Alice has any difficulty, she should come to us.
She should ask us for help.
What 's wrong with her?
She is healthy and has a warm home .
- Her life . . .
- our life .
No, if Mary Alice encounters any crisis, we should know.
She lives just 50 feet away .
Gabby , she committed suicide .
Something must have happened.
If I were you, I would definitely not eat.
why ?
This is what I did, trust me.
Hi, Hi, do you have any last wishes?
No, I just don 't believe anyone can make macaroni and cheese bad.
oh god .
How do you - - - - feel like burnt and undercooked .
Well, I said it.

haha, thank you .
I 'm Mike Delfino. I just started renting a house in SIMM, right next door.
Susan Mayer . I live across the street .
Oh yes, Mrs. Huber mentioned you to me.
Say your calligraphy and painting illustrations for kids. Yeah, those for kids under 5.
- How about you? - Plumber .
If your water main is clogged . . . or whatever.
Now, everyone sees what I have brought,
I 'd better throw them away.
Take it easy.
Lynette, I 'm looking for you everywhere.
Do you know what your sons are doing?
What are you doing? We 're here for a vigil.
When we came, you said we could play in the pool.
I said you can play by the pool.
Are you wearing swimming trunks?
Yes, we were dressed when we came.
You guys have already planned it, I get it, come out!
- no no ?
I 'm your mother, listen to me, hurry up.
We want to swim, you can 't stop us!
Come out, or I 'll go in and arrest you, come out!
come over .
come over !
ok, give me your arm, go back--

Very good, come here!
Paul , we have to go .
I regret that .
go .
Lynette doesn 't have to care about my husband so much.
Something else was on his mind -- something that was covered up .
The morning after my funeral, my friends and neighbors went back to their busy lives.
Some are cooking . . . some are cleaning . . . some are doing yoga . . .
Someone is doing homework. Hi .

I 'm Julie. I accidentally kicked my ball into your backyard.
Oh, it 's okay, let 's get it back.
stay here .
His wife died a year ago. He wanted to stay at L.A., but that was too many memories.
He rents there, but wants to buy a house as soon as possible.
Can 't believe you ran out there. Hey, I saw you guys flirting with each other the other day.
You are attracted to each other.
Now that you know he 's single, you can ask him out.
Julie , I do like Mr Delfino .
I just, I don 't know if I 'm ready to start dating yet .
Oh, you need to get out of here.
Go, how long has it been since you had sex?
I ask if this will make you angry?
No, I was just thinking .
I don 't want to talk to you about my love life, it 's weird.
I won 't say anything more, just . . .
what ?
I heard Dad 's girlfriend asked you if you have any dates after the divorce, Dad said he was skeptical.
Then they all laughed.
- Susan . - Hello, Mike .
I brought some small gifts, you are welcome to stay here.
I should have come earlier, but . . . as a matter of fact, you were the first to visit me.
Really ?
Susan knew she was lucky .
A decent bachelor moves to wisterialane, she 's the first to find out, but she also knows the good news . . .
spread quickly .
E die B ritt is the hottest divorced woman around.
Her servants are countless. . . all kinds. . . just like a novel.
Hi Susan . Hope it didn 't bother you.
You must be Mike Delfino. Hi, I 'm E die.
B r i t t .
I live there.
Welcome to Wisterialane .
Susan met an enemy and was a slut.
Thanks, haha, what is this?
Some salami or something. I mixed them up a bit .
Oh thanks, E die. Haha, great.
I should invite you in, but the house is messy.
And just like that, the competition for Mike Delfino began.
For a moment, Susan doubted whether she and E die could compete amicably.

Oh, Mike. I heard you 're a plumber?
But she remembered, being a man . . . can you help me check my plumbing tonight?
- Women don 't fight. - Of course .
thanks .
Goodbye, Susan.
Don 't always treat me like a child and order me.
- G abrielle . - No, no, no, no, I 'm not going.

This is work. T anaka wants everyone to treat their wives.
Every time I 'm next to him, he always wants to touch my ass.
Haha. Last year, I did a $200,000 business with him.
If she wants to touch the ass, let her touch it.
M r .
Solis . You scared me .
Why is this underbrush still here, you should have gotten rid of them last week.
I was not free last week.
I don 't want to listen to your explanation, you just need to do it for me.
I really hate the way you talk to me.
I also hate that I paid you $15,000 for that diamond necklace that you can 't live without, but I tried to get it done.
So can I tell Tanaka we 'll be going tomorrow night?
John . Bandages on the kitchen shelf .
Thank you , Mrs Solis .
Good, I 'm leaving.
But I 'll be leaning against the wall all night.
See? This is marriage - - - compromise .
How are your fingers ?
Oh yes, just a small wound.
let me see .

Well, you know, Mrs Solis,
Well, it 'll be great when we 're hooked, but, well, I have to work, and I can 't lose this job.
This table is hand-carved .
Carlos bought it from Italy.
It cost him $23,000.
Do you want to do it on this table?
Of course .
Why can 't we drink normal soup?
Danielle, there 's nothing unusual about basil soup.
Just once is fine, so hard we can 't drink the soup we all know?
Like French onions or kidney beans.
First of all, your father cannot eat onions, he is extremely allergic to it.
Also, I will not consider your suggestion about kidney beans.
So... how about braised calf shanks?
Can .
Can? A ndrew, I spent 3 hours preparing dinner.
How do you think I 'd feel if I heard someone say 'yes' in that stuffy voice?
Nobody made you spend 3 hours cooking dinner ?
what ?
Tim Harper 's mother came home after get off work, opened a can of pork and soybeans,
That 's what they eat. Everyone eats happily.
Would you rather I make soybeans or pork for you?
Apologize to me now.
I mean, why do you keep doing this to show your cooking skills?
Can 't we just eat?
Are you on drugs?
What? The weird behavior is a sign that it was normal for the first six months.
Is this why you always shut yourself in the bathroom?
- Trust me, he definitely didn 't do that. - Shut up.
Mom, it 's not me who has the problem here, understand?
You always act like you 're going to run for mayor of Stepford.
R e x .
You are the head of the family, shouldn 't you say something.
give me the salt?
3 days after the funeral,
Lynette adjusted her mood, no longer grief-- but anger.
Tom, this is my fifth message, and you still haven 't called me back.
I 'm sure you must have a great time out there. I can imagine .
Well, guess what-- I 'm going to hang out with the kids too, unless you call me back before noon, we 're on a plane, and I 'll join you right away.

mother !
Wait, baby, I 'm threatening your dad.
Mom, no, I- - - - Where 's your brother?
- Noodles. - My Favorites .
L y n e t t e   S c a v o ?
nonsense .
Natalie K lein . I can 't believe it .
Lynette . How long have we not seen each other ?
how many years .
Uh, how are you now? How is the company?
Well, everyone misses you very much.
Yes, we always say that if you didn 't resign, you must be in charge of everyone now.
Yeah, uh . . .
So . . . how about home life?
Do you love being a mother?
This is Lynette 's greatest fear.
Well, honestly . . . to those who asked the question, only one answer was satisfactory, so Lynette answered that question as usual.
She lied .
This is the best job I 've ever done.
Do you know what I didn 't get?
what ?
Why did you marry Mr Solis .
Uh . . . he promised to give me everything I wanted.
Did he do it?
Yes .
So why are you unhappy?
It looks like I 'm about to be wrong.
So do you love him?
Of course .
So, what are we doing here? Why are we doing this?
Because I don 't want to wake up one morning suddenly wanting to beat myself on the head.
Can I have one?
of course not .
You are too young to smoke .
I used the money I left for you for plastic surgery

What would you think?
Don 't be so nervous. You just invite him to dinner. It 's not a big deal.
Yes .
Is this your school homework?
You know, when I was 5 years old, I made a white house out of sugar cubes.
Don 't delay, let 's go before Mike finds out he can find something better.
Again why would I do this.
beat dad.
Exactly .
oh god .
- Hi. - Hi, Susan .
- Are you busy? - No, not at all, what 's the matter?
uh, I-- I just, wondered, uh. . . is there a chance you, uh. . .
I- I just wanted to ask if you... . .
--E die .-- 嗨, Susan.
How about you-- I make some delicious food, I make a lot, so bring some for mike.
What 's up ?
Uh, Susan said something to ask me.
My water pipe is blocked.
- What? - You fix plumbing, don 't you?
Yes. My water pipe is blocked.
Yes, always.
uh, that 's right .
Wait, I 'll get some tools.
Now? Are you coming now?
You have guests. I don 't mind .
Wait for me for two minutes.

I 'm done, tuck all this hair in.
I jammed, but not enough.
Well, use this, pour this peanut butter and cooking oil in it.


- Mom- and olive leaves.
Mom, as I said, this can 't be done.
Oh my god, here he is.
How can I block it?
Well, here is your problem.
It looks as if someone threw a popsicle stick in it.
I told julie many times not to play in the kitchen.
child, you know?
Okay, it 's already ordered, I 'll bring drinks and plates over later.
thanks .
A ndrew , Danielle , napkins ?
There are video games here.
Can we go and play before the food arrives?
A ndrew , it 's family time.
- I think we should all- go play.
I know you 'll think I 'm unhappy to be here, but it 's not like that.
You and the children want to exchange,
Come up with something meaningful, I understand .
Maybe we can eat something healthier tomorrow night.
Have some focaccia with veal and ham .
Let 's get a divorce.
I can 't live like this anymore -- I can 't stand it anymore .
- Salad buffet is over there. Make it yourself. - Thank you.
Well, I 'll go get you some perverts.
B r e e   V a n   D e   K a m p .
Oh hello Mrs Huber .
We didn 't have much chance to talk at Mary Alice 's vigil.
How are you doing lately?
Bree wants someone to share her pain of being betrayed by her husband, but Bree sadly believes that admitting defeat is not a good thing.

Well, everything is fine.
Oh. I 'll get some mustard. This big farm is a little suspicious .
Can we continue the discussion?
If you think I 'm going to discuss divorce in a room like this with labels like 'Chicks', 'Playboys' you 're wrong.

What 's in here?
What do you mean? What 's in here? It 's a salad.
- with onions? - what?
You add onions to the salad.
NO, I have not .
Oh wait.
That sound woke my son. He heard it once, many years ago when he was very young,
But he quickly remembered the voice.
This is the family 's secret voice.
On the seventh day after my funeral,
Wi sterialane 's life is getting normal, well, some of my friends . . . unfortunately.
what ?
Dad is home!
Is there anyone at home?
I 've almost stopped counting on you.
i have to go back to frisco this morning ,
I got your message, you sound a little tired.
Yeah, it 's a bit messy.
Dad, did you bring any present?
Oh God, gifts, etc. Let me see .
I won 't give it to you unless you promise me to go outside and play right away
Then practice for 20 minutes, okay? How?

We promise, go.
Whoever starts, get out!
Farther away!
Next !
oh god oh .
You 're kidding me, I 'm exhausted.
I look messy.
It 's okay, baby, I want you.
Can I just lie down like this?
Of course .
I love you .
I love you more .
Oh wait, forgot to tell you, I 'm a little sick, so the doctor told me to stop taking birth control pills, you have to wear a condom.

Condoms? No big deal, let 's take a gamble.
- Gambling to see? - Yes .
I can 't believe you almost killed me.
Yes, I 'm sorry.
I said, Mrs. Huber was chatting with me, and I was distraught.
This was a mistake. When was the last time you made a mistake ?
What do you mean ?
I mean, it makes me uncomfortable to be so perfect all the time.
I wonder why your hair is never messy.
In the morning, before I got up to take a shower, you started to make the bed.
You 're like that plastic housewife outside with her pearls saying something 'thehendersons give us dinner.'
Where is the woman I love . . . the woman who drinks the carton of milk and eats toast . . . smiling happily?
I need her.
instead of this perfect but icy woman.
I 'm going to change some water for the flowers.
Bree cried silently for 5 minutes in the break room, but her husband didn 't know, because when Bree finally showed up...
She is still so perfect.
I found the earrings, let 's go.
Is John here today?
Um, .
He didn 't weed today.
We need a real gardener.
- Why? - Are you deaf?
I said he didn 't do a good job.
It 's so dark, how can you see clearly?
Certainly not, you can feel it.
I don 't want to touch the grass.
Hurry up, hurry up, we 're going to be late.
- Be careful. - Yes, sir.
Tanaka is there .
It 's time for me to play.
Good luck, sweetheart.

Oh, sorry. Madam? Did you see the man walking by?
Can you guarantee that he has wine in his hand tonight?
All right, ma 'am.

Oh, Mrs. Huber, how are you doing?
I 'm afraid, not very well.
I am looking for stomach medicine .
Oh, did this fall down?
Oh yeah, the worst macaroni and cheese I had on the day of the vigil.
It upsets my stomach to this day.
I need a best state .
E die B ri  's son came to my house for the night today .
Is he coming for the night? Yes, E die is having dinner with a gentleman tonight I guess she 's going to enjoy it tonight,
You know what I mean.
Oh, it 's some antacid, have you tried this?
I can not believe it .
How is it possible . How can Mike like E die . Impossible .

You still don 't know how.
Maybe they just had dinner together.
You 're right, maybe that 's all.
E d i e ?
Is anyone at home?
I would like to borrow some candy.
Just like that, the one possibility that Susan believed in, Mike Delfino, was completely gone.
And even though she was a little emotionally unstable,
Susan sat for a while to mourn her loss.
take Susan and soon discover that the night is not hers.
anyone here ?
Oh, God is here!
That smoke!
. . the candle burns.
Paramedics said she was lucky, she was almost burned to death.
She ran out naked.
She was having sex with someone when the fire started .
How is that man?
He smoked a lot and is now in the hospital .
Susan, are you alright, you look bad.
I 'm fine, I 'm fine.
I- I just . . . feel sorry for E die .
Oh baby, don 't worry about E die. She 's a strong woman.
Absolutely, she 'll get through this.
She can get through .
We all will .
let 's go .
Oh, what happened?
Mike. Suddenly, he appeared,
Like a phoenix reborn from ashes.
I- I, I thought--
Uh, where have you been? I just went to the movies.
E die 's house is on fire, eh?
Yes .
But she is fine now.
all is well .
Just like that, Susan was happy.
Life is full of . . all kinds of possibilities .
There are also some unexpected surprises.

Hello, it 's me.
- What did you get? - Not yet.
But don 't worry.
It will be available soon.
I got some champagne.
I think we should have a toast.
The next day, my friends gathered to pack my clothes, some personal belongings and some relics.
All right, everyone, toast.
For Mary Alice - - a good friend and a good neighbor.
No matter where you are, I hope you can find peace.
為 M a r y   A l i c e .
Take this to the road.
Have you checked Mary Alice 's clothes?
Number 8? Ha.
She said she was wearing a size 6 .
See if we can find anything in her closet.
Wait a minute, Gabrielle.
not like this .
What is this ? A letter to Mary Alice .
How ironic -- so desperate to keep this secret so haphazardly .

What is this? This is a personal item.
It fell out on its own, no big deal ?
I know, it 's just that I feel a little...
What does it mean ?
I don 't know, but you look at the postmark.
Oh my God! It was the day she committed suicide.
Do you think that 's why she killed herself . . .
I 'm very sorry .
I never intended to put you through this.
Mary Alice, what the hell did you do?
subtitle :
Bigmac transcript:
R a c e M a n     w w w . f o r o m . c o m
6 3 4     0 0 : 5 5 : 4 0 , 0 0 0   - - >   0 0 : 5 5 : 4 4 , 5 0 0     「 d e s p e r a t e . h o u s e w i v e s . s 0 1 e 0 1 . 」     - = 結 束 = -
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - The subtitles of this forum are only for translation and learning purposes. Any commercial use is prohibited. Otherwise, the consequences will be at your own risk- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 6 3 6 0 0 : 5 5 : 5 0 , 0 0 0 - - &gt; 0 0 : 5 5 : 5 5 , 0 0 0 - = COSL - YTET Group Studio = - Translation: einstein ~ wcj Proofreading: einstein ~ wcj
