 Previously on " The Originals " ...
 Our community is under attack .
 They 're declaring war on us .
 All his life , there 's only ever been one man he has truly feared ...
 My father Mikael .
 All we need is a witch who could help us find him .
 - Celeste . - How did you know ?
 If you have come here seeking revenge ...
 Oh , I 'll have my revenge , starting with Klaus .
 He is gonna know pain and torment
 like he 's never felt before . Then that leaves Rebekah , your tragic sister .
 She 's about to find herself in quite the predicament .
 Genevieve knows where your sister is ,
 Bastiana has Klaus tucked away someplace safe .
 I guess always isn 't forever after all .

 Who 's there ?
 How the hell did I get here ?
 Genevieve .
 Rebekah .
 Tell me you 're not leaving already .
 I thought we might reminisce .





 Aah !
 My siblings have been taken . Where are they ?
 You 're interrupting my aunt Sophie 's consecration .

 How did this happen ?
 Aunt Sophie was a casualty of war .
 Monique , I recommend you give me what I want , unless , of course , you 'd like me to level this place and everything in it .
 That won 't be necessary .
 I have a message for you ...
 From Celeste .

 To find what you 're looking for , follow the path she left behind .

 What the hell are you doing , you ruthless bitch ?
 Poor Rebekah .
 You should rest .
 You 're looking a little peaked .

 Uhh !
 Ow !
 Of course , that 's to be expected , given the rather impressive amount of werewolf venom in your system .
 How did you like that wolf- boy , by the way ? I thought he seemed like your type ...
 Trashy and willing . If I weren 't so bloody sick ,
 I 'd rip your head off .
 But you are sick .
 And comforting the sick always was a talent of mine .
 I take care of my friends .

 We were friends , weren 't we ? Of course we were .


 There , there .

 Unidentified sick man .
 That can 't be good .
 You .
 Red .

 Here .
 Try to take a sip of this .

 Hmm .
 Just like magic .
 But then again , what would you expect from a practicing witch ?

 It 's a simple herbal remedy .
 Won 't stop the inevitable , but it should ease his pain and quiet his lungs .
 For a while , at least .
 You 're quite good at this , miss ...
 What is your name again ? Genevieve .
 Lovely .
 Perhaps you could give me some pointers .
 Certainly .
 Though it is a bit odd .

 A vampire serving as nurse . Please , darling , I 'm an original vampire .
 If my city is under attack from this nasty influenza , it is my duty to lend a hand .
 Besides , if this entire lot dies , who 'd be left to eat ?
 You 're wicked .
 You know , I think you and I are going to be fast friends .
 What say you join me at this swell , little jazz joint I 've discovered on basin street tonight ?
 We can toast to the health of New Orleans .

 Oh ...
 I don 't know . You .
 You should come , too . After playing angels of mercy all day ,
 I 'd say we all deserve some fun .

 Uhh .
 Anything ?
 They 're putting eyes and ears out everywhere .
 Daywalkers are working every contact we got .
 Cops , dock workers , guys in the treme .
 Word is out .
 Anyone trying to earn favor with me gets a lifetime of it if they find them .
 Good .
 I need a pen and paper .

 Hey .
 Am I taking orders from you now ?
 Or are we in this together ?
 Pen and paper , Marcel .
 Now .
 Look , I want her back just as much as you do , you know .
 Both of them .

 Hayley !
 Elijah . You 're back .
 Did you find any ... thing ?

 What is happening ?
 I need you to make a list of these names .
 Please .

 Ok .

 Sabine ... ?
 Elijah , what is this ?
 I believe they represent the names of the women that Celeste inhabited for the past two centuries .
 It 's called a devinette . It 's old school .
 Kind of a riddle .
 Witches use them to teach their kids .
 Solve it and it disappears .
 Why ? What 's the point ?
 Celeste forced me to make a choice between yourself and my siblings , and now she means to mock that choice , taunting me with a childish game .

 The longer the game , the more they suffer .
 To find Klaus and Rebekah , we need to solve this riddle .
 The solution lies somewhere in these names . The name next to Sabine ... Annie LaFleur .
 She 's a witch that was shunned from her coven just over a year ago .
 Never knew why , but I can find out .
 You poor thing .

 Don 't worry .
 I 'm here to help .

 Annie was a good girl .
 Witches done her wrong , shunning her like that , saying that she 's doing dark magic .
 There 's no way .
 But they had proof .
 So , she just quit .
 And I can 't really blame her for that .
 Because once you 've been shunned , what 's the point of going on , you know ?
 She killed herself ?
 Yes .
 Drowned herself in the Mississippi , to be precise .
 Celeste had clearly tired of the body and was ready to take Sabine 's .
 How do you know that ?
 She leapt to her death from the very location
 Celeste and I had our first kiss .
 Poetic , I guess , in a creepy , vendetta kind of way .
 All these names , these lives , stolen that Celeste might take her revenge .
 I suppose we have no choice but to see where they take us .
 Hayley , I have to go .
 I 'll call you back .
 Elijah , wait .
 What is it ?
 Ask Marcel if he knows anything about a name on that list ...
 Brynne Deveraux .
 Sophie said that it was her family 's bloodline that put the curse on the crescent wolves , but Celeste said that she was the only one that could break it .
 If Brynne Deveraux was actually Celeste when she cast the spell , then maybe Celeste can still break it .
 I 'll see what he knows .
 Elijah , I 'm really sorry that you 're going through this .
 If I had known that Celeste had made you choose who to help ...
 You were going to die in that fire , Hayley , along with my brother 's child .
 There was no choice .
 My wound isn 't healing .
 The amount of dark magic contained in that blade ?
 It 's gonna take a little while .
 You 're one of them , aren 't you ?
 The witches back from the dead , seeking vengeance .
 Why show me kindness ?
 You never did anything to me .
 And the truth is , seeing you like this ,
 I can 't help but pity you .
 Then betray the others and stand with me .
 I will reward you in ways you cannot possibly fathom .
 Klaus Mikaelson offering a deal to little ol ' me ?
 I should be flattered .
 But first ... we need to have a talk about your sister .
 Rebekah is of no concern to you .
 If you mean to harm her ...
 Ah , the protective brother .
 A shame that loyalty isn 't reciprocated .
 But then , I 'm no stranger to Rebekah 's treachery .
 Something you and I have in common .
 Here .
 Drink .
 I 'm just trying to help you . Heal you .

 Get you to see the truth that 's been right in front of you for almost a century .
 Your sister had an unfortunate run- in with some wolves last night .
 I imagine you 're tasting the venom in her blood .
 It 's the only way I can show you what you need to see .
 In her weakened state , I 'll be able to guide her down memory Lane .
 That 's how I 'm going to have my revenge .
 By showing you her betrayal .
 Niklaus .
 Marcel .
 Have some respect .
 Yeah , I don 't think they mind .
 Did you ask Genevieve about doing the spell ? I will .
 When the time is right .
 Rebekah .
 You 've been hanging around that witch for weeks , waiting for the time to be right .
 She wasn 't supposed to become your sidekick .
 One little spell and we could finally be together for real .
 What are you waiting for ?
 She 's a sweet girl , is all .
 If you must know , I feel badly for using her .
 Then we 'll find another witch , one you don 't have to fake a friendship with .
 Unless you 've changed your mind .
 I want to wake up with you in our home , in the bed that we share .
 I want to walk down the street with you by my side so that everyone knows that you are mine and I am yours .
 I don 't want to be afraid of what my brother will do to me for loving you .
 If this is the only way to get it , then ...
 No , my mind hasn 't changed .
 Oh !
 I didn 't know anyone was in here . I 'm so sorry .
 Genevieve ...
 Genevieve , wait ...
 I 'm sorry .
 So , this is your great betrayal .
 My sister and Marcel .
 They 've been sneaking around behind my back for the better part of two centuries .
 Yes .
 Against all your warnings .
 You 'd disciplined them for it before , had you not ?
 Harshly , I understand .
 I had my reasons .
 Oh , you don 't have to convince me .
 As far as I 'm concerned , you only needed one :
 That it suited you .
 Have you ever read the old testament , Nik ?
 You see ...
 God wasn 't powerful because he was right ...
 He was right because he was powerful .
 I don 't know what you 're playing at , but if the sum total of your plan to turn me against my sister was this revelation , this will have been a wholly ineffective endeavor .

 You poor thing .
 After 1, 000 years , dishonesty from your family has come to be expected .
 I wish that was the sum total of their treachery .
 Unfortunately , it 's not .
 W- what do you want from me ?
 Well , I assume you 're familiar with this pigsty , quite appropriately known as the pit .
 See , awkwardly enough , only weeks ago , a group of human beings just like yourself slaughtered many of the companions of the vampires that you see assembled before you here .

 You run the records room at city hall .
 We 're told the former mayor kept a detailed record of the supernatural community .
 A ledger of names of witches , werewolves , and vampires .
 Specifically , their death records .
 We need it .
 I- I don 't know where it is .
 I think we both know that 's a fib .
 Anyone feeling hungry ?
 Oh ! Ok . W- wait .
 They moved the records .
 After the mayor died . They 're at the sacristy of St. Anne 's church .
 See ?
 There .
 Wasn 't so difficult , now , was it ?
 Aah !
 Rough day ?
 Oh , becks .
 Those bites are looking nasty .
 Why make me relive the past ?
 We both know how it ends .
 You and I both know .
 But I thought your brother might like to hear our story .
 So , I linked your mind to his .
 You 're gonna show him everything .
 No .
 No , please don 't do that to me . I 'll do anything .
 It 's too late , friend .
 Aah !
 Marcel , here 's another name from our list .
 Brynne Deveraux .
 Says here she drowned herself some 20 years ago .
 Do you recognize the name ? Brynne ? Yeah .
 Yeah , we used to hang out .
 Knock around a bit . You can spare me the details , please .
 She used to do some spells for me now and then .
 Girl had power .
 Cursed a whole pack of werewolves just because they were pissing me off .
 Speaking of ...
 What do you think
 Klaus is gonna do when he finds out that you left him to suffer while you saved Hayley and her wolf friends ?
 Let 's avoid discussing matters that are not your concern , shall we , Marcellus ?
 Oh , come on , Elijah .
 I got guys all over this city .
 You honestly think that I don 't know that the crescent wolves had a little family reunion out at the plantation last night ?
 Thanks for letting the house burn , by the way .
 Good riddance .
 But my question is , what 's Hayley doing with that bunch ?
 Marcel , I 'm aware of your history with the city 's wolves , and I assume you understand that if you lay a finger upon Hayley , it will be the last thing you do on this earth .

 I see I hit a nerve . And just when we were getting along .

 We were right .
 Every name upon my flesh signifies a witch who died by her own hand .
 All but one .
 Clara Summerlin .

 Ring any bells ? None .
 Ok , well , if she didn 't off herself , then how 'd she die ?
 Influenza .
 Epidemic of 1919 .

 I suppose we have our answer . Only I have no idea what it means .
 No . No !
 Please !
 Uhh !
 Your sister 's tryst with Marcel was only the beginning .
 You see , the burden of your condemnation had become too great .
 And as a result , your deepest fear came to pass .
 That their love for each other would overshadow their love for you , turn it into hate .
 Nik , they conspired to rid themselves of you for good .
 Yeah ! An abomination of nature ?
 You 're anything but .

 Ok , next round 's on me .
 Clara Summerlin , no . I 'll be soused .
 Get it while you can .
 It 's the last real gin in the city .

 Bartender ?

 You 're nothing like I thought you 'd be when I first met you .
 I was brought up to think your kind were ... well ...
 An abomination of nature ?
 You 're anything bug not just you , your whole family is so ...

 Elegant .
 Yes , I agree .
 Elijah is quite peerless .
 I don 't know .
 I mean , he 's nice and all , but if I had to go for one Mikaelson boy ...
 Klaus ?
 Genevieve , who 'd have thought a saintly , little witch like you would go for the bad boys ?
 I knew we were destined to be friends .

 More gin , please .

 Please . Allow me .

 Keep it .
 It 's yours .

 Well , there 's a load of us Mikaelsons .
 If you like bad boys , you 'd love my brother Kol .
 And where is this mystery brother of yours ?
 It 's complicated .
 Like all siblings , we 've had our ups and downs .
 Family feuds .
 In fact , I was thinking of reaching out to someone we haven 't seen in a very long while .
 I was hoping that maybe you could help me contact them .
 But it would have to be a surprise .
 No one could know .
 Of course .
 Do you want me to find your brother Kol ?
 Actually , I 'd like you to find Mikael .
 Our father .
 Enough of your lies !
 Don 't dismember the messenger .
 Part of you must have known .
 Suspected , at least .
 Your father came to New Orleans in 1919 to kill you , did he not ?
 And as the city burned , he nearly succeeded .

 My family and I have done some terrible things to each other over the years , but Rebekah would not call my father .
 No matter how angry she was .
 It 's sweet of you to believe that .
 To believe in her .
 But by the time we 're done here , you 'll know just how wrong you are .


 Hey , look , I found ...
 You were right about the Deveraux witch .
 Find anything about Clara the mystery witch ?
 Not much .
 She was a nurse at the Fleur- de- lis sanitorium .

 Recognize her ?
 Top row , second from the right .
 No . I don 't . Marcel ?
 Marcel ?


 Do I need to remind you that Niklaus and Rebekah are somewhere suffering horribly ?
 If you know something ...
 Talk .

 The sanitorium .
 That 's where you 'll find then .
 Are you sure ?
 How do you know ?
 I just know .
 How do you know ?

 If I 'm right ...
 You need to know exactly what we 're walking into .
 We did something , Rebekah and I.
 I think the witches are trying to use it against her .
 It 's ... something that you 're not gonna like .
 Are you ready to see more proof ?
 No .




 What do you see ? My father 's blade .
 It went missing when I was a boy .
 He beat me half to death , so sure I had stolen it .
 Rebekah was so kind to me in the weeks after the beating .
 I should have known she was the culprit .
 She never could stand weapons were things not meant for guns .
 Pran ce mesaj sa a , les cendres sur le vent .

 No !
 Klaus !
 My sister .

 Rebekah .
 Rebekah !
 For the better part of a century ,
 I have wondered how father found us , what foolish mistake that we had made to destroy our time in the one place that we could finally call home .
 Did you know , I even blamed myself for a time , marcellus ?


 Elijah .
 Niklaus treated you like a son .
 Rebekah ... I loved her . I still love her .
 All we ever wanted was to be together , but as long as Klaus was around , that was never gonna happen .
 But hey , I guess you wouldn 't know anything about that , huh ?

 When Klaus learns the truth , there will be no end to his rage .
 I will not let my sister suffer that wrath .
 Then we need to get to them before he learns the truth .


 Just give it up , Rebekah .
 It 's inevitable at this point .
 Sabine .
 I prefer Celeste , actually .
 All these names I 've had over the years and I still prefer the first .
 Perhaps it was the way it sounded on Elijah 's lips ,
 like a declaration of love . Oh , he was a good liar .
 All of you are .
 Say what you want about me , but Elijah is a good man .
 Still defending him , even until the bitter end .

 Good .
 I 'm counting on that familial love .
 It 'll be the ruin of you all .
 Now that Klaus knows what you 've done , he 'll never stop until he 's had his revenge .
 He 'll kill Marcel . Do something horrible to you .
 Elijah will never forgive him .
 Your betrayal will ultimately pit brother against brother .
 And the fabled Mikaelson bond will crumble . I 'll kill you , you bitch .
 You already did .
 Though at the time , I wore a different face .


 Genevieve , we need to talk .
 Privately .
 I 'll be fine here . You go ahead .
 You should wash up anyway .
 Hey .
 Incinerate that as soon as you can .

 You were the other one .
 Clara .
 You should have minded your own business .
 I suspected my friend was being exploited .
 It was my business . Call it off ?
 Are you mad ? I was wrong .
 It was stupid and ... and impulsive , and it will ruin us , Genevieve .
 Not just Klaus but Elijah , too .
 I risked tearing our family apart for my own selfish happiness .
 I 'm begging you , please , don 't bring Mikael here .
 If Klaus finds out what we have done , what you have done ...

 Klaus will kill me .
 He 'll kill my entire family .
 Which is exactly why I need you to undo it . It doesn 't work that way .
 There is no undoing it .
 Mikael is coming .
 The only hope now ...
 Is tell Klaus the truth . Confess what we 've done .
 That is not an option .
 He will dagger me and leave me in a box for centuries . You will not say a word .

 You used me .
 This whole time .
 Our friendship .
 All you wanted was a favor , and now you want to take it back ?
 Well , you can 't .
 And I will not suffer because I was foolish enough to trust you .
 It was a mistake .
 I know that now .
 But that one mistake will destroy us .
 Aah !
 Uhh !
 Aah !
 You brought this on yourself .
 I will not be destroyed along with you .

 Uhh !
 I 'm so sorry , Genevieve .
 But if you tell Niklaus you summoned Mikael , you 're dead either way .
 Genevieve , is everything all right ?
 So , you infected me , too .
 Compelled the orderlies to keep us in quarantine until we died .




 Fortunately , I just took another body .
 Genevieve wasn 't so lucky .

 Well , now that she 's back ...
 You 're the one who 's luck 's run out .


 I 'm sorry .
 I know how much this hurts .
 To see what she did ... To see who she really is .
 But you needed to know .
 You needed to see it .
 And now that you have , you can take your revenge .
 Our revenge .

 Please .
 Go ahead .
 You 'll need your strength for what comes next .

 Rebekah !
 Rebekah !


 We should divide the building .
 I 'll start at one end , you at the other .



 Nik . Nik , it isn 't true .
 I want to believe you , sister .
 But your face tells a different story .

 You cannot hide from me , Rebekah !
 Nor can you run .
 This ends now .

 Uhh !
 Hey , there , witch bitch .
 You and I are gonna have a little chat .
 Rebekah !


 Tired of running ?
 I know how much you enjoy the chase .
 I 'd sooner deny you the pleasure .
 Well , then I 'll take my pleasures in other ways .
 No more " daggered in a box " for you .
 Trust me , sister , you 'll long for what the dagger offered .
 This ... will be far less merciful .
 How to describe exactly what this blade does ?
 You don 't have to do this , Nik .
 After I plunge this into your heart , you will be immobilized , imprispred in a state of raw , inescapable anguish .
 Time loses all meaning .
 It 's not unlike a living hell , which I find rather fitting given your treachery .
 Then do it . If that 's what you really want .
 Are we skipping the part where you beg for mercy ?
 For forgiveness ? Because I was really looking forward to that .

 I 'll pass . I know better than to think it would do me any good .

 That 's it , then ?
 You concede ?
 Like a lamb to the slaughter .
 What would your father think of you now ?
 Uhh !
 Aah !
 Uhh !
 Uhh ! Aah !
 Uhh !
 Uhh !
 Just the man I wanted to see .
 Uhh .
 Rebekah 's punishment won 't be complete until she watches you die .
 Nik , it was my idea to summon Mikael .
 If you 're gonna hurt anyone , it should be me .
 Such loyalty to your beloved .


 You know ...
 If you had offered me even a fraction of the same ,
 I wouldn 't have to do this .
 Uhhaah !
 Ohh !
 Uhh !

 Go .
 Both of you .
 Run as far and as fast as you can .
 Run !
