0 0 : 0 0 : 0 0 , 5 0 0 - - &gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 0 2 , 6 0 0 In the previous 'Loveless Wife' . . .
Zach left silvercrest rehab hungry?
sometimes. . .
If I don 't get some help, I can 't make it myself
Where can I find high-quality babysitters?
no matter how hard you try . . .
FBI. open the door
Carlos Solis , you are under arrest
some problems. . .
Excuse me, may I ask who you are?
I think you 've seen Maisy Gibbons
She 's a nightmare (headache)
Maisy is keen to rule her little kingdom
You are not satisfied with our sex life
Although you can 't get anything from me, you just don 't dare to bring it up
Difficult to solve easily -= Eden Forum http://www.ydy.com=- honorary production This subtitle is for learning exchange only, not for commercial use-= COSL-YTET group studio=- translation: hepburnlss proofreading: ldw
To understand Maisy Gibbons, you first need to know how she spends her afternoons
She runs errands for her husband in the morning
Hi
Washing dishes and helping daughter with homework at night
Well, well, then 9 plus 1 is . . . but in the afternoon -- she 's with the men
Those who are frustrated . . . misunderstood . . .
Lonely but willing to spend money to make themselves less lonely men
and Maisy Gibbons willing to help them
Maisy, I 've always been surprised that no one knows about your little hobby, right?
Yes
Is it difficult to keep such a secret?
If it 's just my own secret, maybe it 's hard, but from my point of view, I 'm keeping a secret from the men who come to me, so I 'm very excited
Harold lost his job a few years ago, so we had to go and cancel our country club membership
Then one day, a friend of mine at the club asked me why I hadn 't been to the club lately and I told her we couldn 't afford the club
She waved her hand like it didn 't matter at all, but I saw the look in her eyes, the look that makes me pitiful
Maybe she just wanted to act like a good person
Is it so bad to feel sorry for others anyway?
When people say those things, they 're behind you, but when they don 't say anything, it 's because they think you 're out of luck
Understood
Anyway, after a few months,
I started mylittlehobby , I started my little hobby and the most amazing thing happened
This woman 's husband has become my regular customer
Oh
Oh
Can you go out the back door obediently?
My next appointment client is here
Of course
It 's the husband of the woman I was talking to you just now.
Hello
hello maisy
Episode 10: Come Back to Me
Every morality drama has its own character setting: there is always an innocent victim, a lying bad guy,
a truth-seeking prosecutor,
a magistrate who administers justice,
An ethics drama with an overcharged lawyer in fairview magistrates court
The theme is trust and betrayal
Miss M cready, what is your opinion on bail in this case?
Your Honor, the prosecution wishes to deny bail
The defendant 's company imported goods produced by enslaved workers, the defendant 's business partner, Mr. Tanaka, had fled the country, and Mr. Solis was unwilling to hand over his passport
Mr. Hartley, has your client 's passport been eaten by a dog?
Your Honor, the passport is misplaced and can 't be found at the moment, but we think Tanaka designed and operated the whole thing
Mr. Solis is not a business partner, but merely an employee
And I would like to point out that my client is the only source of income for his wife and his mother who is currently in a coma and hospital
Give me the passport so Solis can visit his mother
But before that, your client 's bail request was dismissed and sent back to jail
next case?
You better eat these Brussels sprouts
Don 't think I didn 't see you hiding them under the macaroni
i hate brussels sprouts
yeah, but brussels sprouts help you grow
You don 't want to be a dwarf all your life, do you?
Look, do you know what to eat?
dip them in cheese
Okay
ok, yummy, yummy
- Vomit! - Evil!
OK, OK, you 've been 3 feet 8 your whole life, right?
I don 't care
I wish you can find a girlfriend
Hi, don 't you have a lunch appointment?
i want to cancel it
These boys are surprisingly disobedient today, and you 're just getting started
Lynette , it 's been two days
I don 't want to scare them with my sudden disappearance, you know, deep down they 're sensitive
they 'll be fine
get out of here
You have my mobile number, call me if you need anything
I will
OK
Kids, come and give your mom a 3 bear hug
Come on, oh!
1 , 2 , 3 . Oh! Hold tight, hold tight
- Mom, all right - bye bye
- bye, mom- bye
Bye-Bye
Okay
watch out
Well, I 'm going upstairs to eat I 've got a bunch of homework to do
What are you doing? Stocking up on food for winter?
I 'm just really hungry
Um
Oh, I talked to my dad today, and it looks like he and Brandi might be breaking up
oh how bad
Mom, you 're laughing
Yeah?
Anyway, for this reason, he can 't come and bring me this weekend
So I 'll stay here, good night
oh well, our romantic weekend blows up
we can do it in my house
no
why not?
I just wanted to -- I just wanted to make it special
And in my house can 't make it special
I know it sounds weird, but I need my own stuff around me
what?
Perfume and oil, and I want to pick the little stuff you 'll want to rip it off of me
Also, I need full control over the lights
OK
Let 's wait until next weekend
you are the best man
Well, I can 't wait until next weekend
I can 't either
how about tomorrow? Julie 's at school, I 'll finish my work early, that 's fine
Oh no, my publisher is in a hurry How about Friday?
I 'm going to re-pipe a house
Well, damn Karl
I 've already divorced him and he 's still preventing me from having sex with other men
I can 't hide you in my room all the time
I think we should tell my mom
You can trust her, I promise
You didn 't tell her what I told you?
no, no, no, no, I won 't say anything
what are you doing? i don 't want to trouble you
I 'm just-- I 'm just leaving
Z ach , stop, don 't go
i won 't tell her
I swear I 'll get out of here soon
I 'll find a way, okay?
H e l l o
Why didn 't you sleep?
I can ask you the same question
i 'm going to sleep
I didn 't ask you to wait for me
Remember, I 'm here only to be the father of our children, not your husband
What are you doing?
You were with a woman just now?
Did you tell her you were married? Or will that affect your affair?
All right
Even if I have an affair with another woman, I have good reasons
Separation is all about finding new options
choose? R ex , I 'm not a mutual fund
that is not- -
Bree , you should take the initiative to go out
try to find your true love
find my true love
I 'm raising your children
I just want to get through this and get on with my life
It 's nothing to be ashamed of
OK, I said--
Why don 't you just invite that mysterious woman of yours over
I 'll make up the sofa bed, and you can mess around there
A ndrew , Danielle , daddy is going to have an adulterer in front of us
keep your voice down
Why? Are you ashamed?
The next day came with a loud knock on the door no one knew where Martha Huber was and E die B ritt was starting to worry
E die doesn 't like to worry, she thinks it will increase her wrinkles
So out of concern for her looks and Mrs. Huber, Edie decides to find out what 's going on
Yao L in , listen to me
We have to find Carlos ' passport, it 's important
I 've looked all over his office, so I want you to look in the bedroom
What?
Mr. Solis is in jail, how do you pay me? I have children to raise
Yaolin , your kids are in their 20s
If that shuts you up . . . look
three weeks salary advance
If you don 't mind, can I give your bank a call?
Yaolin , don 't be silly, no one gets poor overnight
That 's my car, god
Hi! Hi!
What are you doing?
Where are you taking my car?
The government confiscated, here is your receipt
If you have any questions, call this number
Did you paint it too?
Don 't let me see it again until it 's perfect
I 'm wondering what 's going on
I mean, Claire had a great time with the kids yesterday, but that 's probably beginner 's luck
Do you think I should make a call? i should hit one
Lynette, after all these years you finally have some free time and you waste it worrying about your kids
The point is that I don 't know this woman, I mean, don 't really know
So what if she has a degree in sociology, who doesn 't?
My kids are hard to manage What if she can 't figure it out?
I said, if you really have that much doubt, you should buy a hidden camera
What? A babysitter monitor?
Yes
When people think no one 's watching them, they do bad things
Yes
I don 't think I can spy on Claire, it 's a mistrust
don 't trust others
Um. . . how are you and R ex now?
Great, why are you asking that?
I 'm just curious. I mean, he moved out and moved back. Is he moving back for good reasons?
Well, things are, well, unstable
I 'm not sure what exactly he planned
Oh
So why are you ironing his shirt if you 're not sure he moved back for good reasons?
Because I believe he 'll come back to me and he 'll do the right thing
That 's good
Confidence in others is a good thing
Yes
But I 'll still buy that camera
Hello?
- Mike? - What 's the matter?
my oven is broken
Um. . .
Come and help me find my beacon A l Green  ' s ' here I am ( comeandtakeme ) ' Layingallmytroublesdow n
h e r e   I   a m ,   b a b y
c o m e   a n d   t a k e   m e
h e r e   I   a m ,   b a b y
o o h ,   c o m e   a n d   t a k e   m e
t a k e   m e   b y   t h e   h a n d
o o h ,   y e a h ,   s h o w   m e
h e r e   I   a m ,   b a b y
aah! Oh candle, candle Here I am, baby
c o m e   a n d   t a k e   m e ,
h e r e   I   a m ,   b a b y
c o m e   a n d   t a k e   m e
T a k e   m e   b y   t h e   h a n d
here I am , baby Mike , is that you?
I 'm here I canalwayscallyouforah elpin  ' hand
I   k n o w   y o u ' l l   d o   t h e   b e s t   y o u   c a n   [ 進 來 吧 . . . ]   b u t   i t   d o n ' t   t a k e   m u c h   f r o m   m e
M i k e ?   O h ,   t h e r e ' s   l o v e   i n s i d e   m e   I   b e l i e v e   t h e r e ' s   g o i n g   t o   b e   a n   e x p l o s i o n
y e a h ,   y e a h ,   w h o o - h o o
i t ' s   t o u g h   f o r   m e ,
oh , yeah ah !
oh god
what 's up?
sorry, i thought someone was in the house
So you took off your clothes?
No, my clothes were taken off and I was going to tempt you
doesn 't work
Oh, sorry, are you all right?
uh . . . please don 't be mad hello
Z a c h
What are you doing here?
Later that day, when Claire took the kids out to buy ice cream,
Lynette installed the camera herself
No, you can 't do that, you can 't send Zach back
Julie, what else can I do? he can 't stay here
His dad threw him in a mental hospital
Actually, they call it rehab
what do you think?
Paul is his father and he has the right to know that his son is safe
If he finds out you 're hiding him, you 're in big trouble
he 's right
sorry guys
Mom, don 't do this
If you know what happened to Z ach--
Julie, Julie, it 's okay, I 'll be fine
I 'll take him back, and you can... Listen, if Paul sees Zach misbehaving--
I will bring him back
thanks
Miss, we should talk about what you did
I really don 't want to talk to you right now
Well, listen, Zach . . . if things go awry . . . this is my cell phone number
you call me . . . anytime
thanks
oh thank god
What about you-- we 'll talk about it later
Remember, anytime
I heard you moved home
Yeah, no way. A ndrew has some problems
Will I always move out the nails or the pearls?
you choose
You know what I think?
Um?
You don 't really want to leave her
please don 't psychoanalyze me
you still love her
I never said I didn 't love her
So why divorce?
Now you 're encouraging me and Bree to get back together again?
Hi !
you know me
I 'm just romantic inside
Scarf or handcuffs?
up to you
E Even if I can find a way to live with Bree 's paranoia and coercion, there are still other problems in our marriage
You know, I have some special needs,
Boots or stilettos?
stilettos . . . please
Why don 't you just tell Bree what you need?
tell her what you want
because she would say no
Yeah? I can 't say anything about some of your requests.
Yeah, but that 's different
I don 't mind if you say no
R ex . . . do you trust me in this matter?
Sometimes when you love someone, you have to make some sacrifices
Love or passion - - is a very difficult choice
Yes
Now, I have to warn you -- this can hurt a little
what !
How can I live without a car?
Gabrielle, listen to me, Tanaka is still at large, the police want Carlos to confess him
They 're playing hard now I don 't think it 's over
Why?
What more can they take from us?
almost anything
It would be a fair and reasonable approach if they felt that doing so would track down illicit income.
No, no, no, no, I used to be a model before I met Carlos, and I bought some things in this house back then
look at this
K ostaboda . I bought it after the first cover
This-- I spent eight hours on a rock in a bikini to buy this painting
I understand how you feel-- no, you don 't
I started out of adversity and bought these things on my own, no one can take them from me
then i suggest you find a good hiding place
They can only take what they find
Oh, if you can find the passport, that will all help
- Hi, G abrielle - Hi
What are you holding in your hand?
my china. I know you 've always liked it, I thought maybe you 'd want to borrow it for a while
Well, you have a heart
Look, can I put some odds and ends in your garage?
Of course, why don 't you come tomorrow?
The sooner the better, right?
O h .
O h .
M m .
A a h .
like . . .
come on
OK
R e x ?   R e x ?
R e x ? !
i need an ambulance right now
O h .
Hello ?
yes it 's me
yes he is my husband
Well, I 'm sorry, I 'm here to visit R ex V an D e K amp he seems to have had a heart attack
I 'm not sure - - he 's going into the operating room soon if you want to wait . . .
Can I at least take a look at him? i am his wife
Are you his wife?
Yes what 's the matter?
I think I got the patient wrong
i go to the doctor
[ R e x   V a n   D e   K a m p ]
[ M a i s y   G i b b o n s ]
When Claire was getting ready to go to bed, she didn 't realize that somewhere in the Scavo 's house, the day she 'd spent started all over again
Dogs are blue, puppies are blue
Lynette is finally relieved to see Claire doing her job so well
But as the tape plays . . . give me a 3 bear hug
Lynette gradually felt that . . .
Claire seems to be doing a little too well
This is the candle I borrowed
thanks
I 'm going to read for a while, so if you don 't mind . . .
I can 't believe you 're still mad at me after what you did
I told Zach he could trust you, but you betrayed him
There 's always someone to take responsibility, like it or not,
I will always be your mother
Since when?
what are you talking about?
After Dad left, if there was a mom by my side, it was me
J u l i e
Do you remember, after the divorce you lay in bed for a week and I had to beg you to eat
Yeah, but-- I 'm going to have to clean the house for the next few weeks and make sure all bills are paid on time
I even had to arrange my own appointment with the doctor at one point
I was in a bad time
It is still so
I need support now and you 're starting to discipline me?
I have to send Z ach back
Otherwise we might have a lot of trouble
Yeah, but now Z ach is in trouble
You send him back to a man who hates him
Gabrielle looked around the empty house and was surprised to find that there was only one thing she really missed - her husband
Mrs. Solis, we are authorized to enter your home and take back anything we believe is illicitly obtained
I don 't think we 'll make a mess
Well, 'Harvey: The Flying Turtle' looks good
Where is Claire?
I gave her the afternoon off
Who wants to turn the page?
Is she sick?
No, she 's fine, I just wish we could spend the day together,
Just like before. let 's start
'A long time ago, there was a little turtle named Harvey'
'Harvey tells the other turtles every day,'
' 'One day I will fly off this island to see the world ''
'The other turtles laughed and said,  'Turtles can 't fly ''
Oh, the story just keeps getting better, eh?
What 's wrong?
Claire makes a playful voice when she reads a story
Yeah?
All right
'Harvey didn 't like the turtles laughing at him, so he said to them,'
'I 'll fly to show you, and one day I 'll fly higher than a bird ''
Is not fun
Yeah? Well, I was just warming up
'Then the bad big turtle Bruno said, take Harvey up the cliff and throw him down'
'When the time comes, you 'll know if you can fly, fly or die, fly or die'
When will Claire be back?
What 's wrong with your nails?
Oh, I hid all our stuff so the FBI couldn 't take it
I 'm so sorry for making you suffer
put your hands on the table
It 's not your fault, you did nothing wrong
I 'll take care of everything for you until you come back
you 'll be out soon
Honestly, I don 't know how you made it through
I know you 're a strong woman, but I don 't know
You are a good wife, Gabby a true partner
oh carlos, i love you so much
I 'd rather give up that house full of expensive junk to help us get through this and let you come home
sounds good
i want to kiss my husband
put your hands on the table
There 's a fake panel on the back wall of my closet
My passport is there, and some other documents
Give the passport to the lawyer and burn those documents
Carlos, do you know what that Tanaka did?
burn . . . those files
Hi Lynette
Did Martha Huber keep a spare key with you?
no
Oh
By the way, where is she? I haven 't seen her in days
I do not know either
She kicked me out in such a hurry that I forgot to take my laptop and there 's something in there that I really don 't want anyone to see
oh well . . . good luck
You look good, you know, how are your kids?
They have a new babysitter
Oh, your personal nanny? nice
Trust me, that 's not as good as the rumours
Our mothers are smart
They didn 't find babysitters or put us in daycare because if they did, we 'd find out that there are better moms than ours
Actually I once had a nanny-- Mrs. M untz
Have you ever had a babysitter?
In fact, she 's more of a court-appointed social worker
my mom was in jail for a while
she drinks and steals
Oh, sorry
M untz is tough - - merciless
She was so disciplined that when my mother was released on parole
I 'm really happy to see her
real?
Yes
She 's the better of the two demons
Um
Anyway, I have to find the house keys
- See you later - Bye bye
Thank you for helping me with this Z ach it 's an honor
Hope he gets through this
He 's a little weird, but he 's a good boy
Yes
How did Julie react to this?
not too good
She said I 'm not a good mother
you are a good mother
maybe she 's right
After the divorce, I depended on her a lot
as if it was natural
I still do
I just wanted someone to talk to about my grown-ups, and she 's by my side,
So mature that I forgot she was only 13
I think, good news, if you ever want to talk to anyone about adult things from now on, you can come to me
I can 't talk to you about everything
Yes
What if I 'm trying to say that I 'm madly in love with the plumber who lives across the street?
Crazy in love, eh?
Yes
Oh, you should tell me more
Well . . . he has a stunning smile not to mention his tattoos
thanks
Oh Bree
what a surprise
come in and sit?
It depends
Are you having an affair with my husband?
Would you like some more potatoes?
you already said
Excuse me
I 'm so relieved to see you 're safe and sound, I, um...
I have a problem with my idea
So you won 't send me back to silvercrest?
You must understand the violence you broke into Van D e K amp 's home--
I don 't know what you 've been through
you can ask me
I. . .
I am reminded of some things . . . of my childhood
What 's the matter?
Bad things
Z ach , listen to me
Sometimes don 't think too much about the past
but i can 't control it
those images keep coming into my mind
Then you should find a way to get them out again
Okay
Some more potatoes?
OK
It 's definitely a good thing to be back to normal
You should know that R ex still loves you . . . loves you very much
Did he say that?
Yes
Then why has he been unhappy?
He has some special needs that he dares not tell you
Needs - - let 's say . . . sexual needs?
Yes
Did you meet his needs?
I see
As a woman, you 're really cheeky and veiled, but you admitted to having an affair with my husband
If I tell the neighbors about this, they 'll never talk to you
you won 't say
You may hate me, but you hate being humiliated even more
no, i don 't hate you, maisy
i pity you
Hi
Hi Lynette. Are you leaving now?
Yes
I 'll probably be back late, so as usual -- give a penny to sleep, and then --
I know, no candy after 5pm, I understand
You 're the best
oh one more thing
Because the kids eat corn dogs for dinner,
I hope you make sure they eat some veggies at the same time
Brussels sprouts?
They are rich in iron
Can you guarantee they will eat them all up?
no problem
I have a tip: pour some cheese over the veggies
oh you crafty fellow
That night, Lynette watched what she thought was the happiest movie of the year
Guys, you 're going to eat all the brussels sprouts
Brussels sprouts !
I do not want to eat !
No, you want to eat it!
Guys, don 't throw them away - - hi!
Hi, stop!
Don 't-- oh! Hi! You guys stop!
Don 't throw these things at me! Stop!
hi hi
I 'm assuming you 've had surgery?
Of course
How is the surgery going?
very smooth
The doctor said it would be as good as new
you look like you cried
i cried
I 'm so afraid you 're going to die
There are too many things I haven 't had a chance to tell you
sorry for making you so worried
It does not matter
R ex , how do you feel now?
Can you hear what I want to say to you?
Of course, sweetheart
I know you still love me
what maisy told me
she said?
At this time, R ex ,
I am no longer your wife
I 'll find the most vindictive lawyer, and with him, we 'll take everything out of you
I will take your money your family and your dignity
Did you hear it?
Bree - - I was so excited when I heard you say you still love me because I hope what 's going to happen to you . . .
Will hurt you the most I 'm so glad you 're alive to hear what I have to say
Trust is a fragile thing
bye guys
- bye, mom- bye, mom
Once won, it will give us huge space
And once lost, it can 't be recovered
[ SOLOMON , MILLER &amp; HAAS Family Law Firm ]
Of course, the truth is we never know who we can trust
Those closest to us may betray us
police, open the door
Strangers can help us
In the end, most people decide to trust only themselves
This is indeed an easy way to prevent the upper body from getting caught
9 5 3 0 0 : 4 2 : 4 1 , 0 0 0 - - &gt; 0 0 : 4 2 : 4 4 , 5 0 0 De esperate Housewives Season 1 Episode 10 - = End = - 3 2 9 0 0 : 4 2 : 4 5 , 0 0 0 - - &gt; 0 0 : 4 2 : 4 9 , 5 0 0 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Subtitles in this forum are only for translation, communication and learning. Any commercial use is prohibited. Otherwise, the consequences will be at your own risk. : 4 2 : 5 0 , 0 0 0 - - &gt; 0 0 : 4 2 : 5 5 , 0 0 0 - = COSL - YTET Group Studio = - Translation: hepburnlss Proofreading: ldw
