 00 : 00 : 02, 166 -- > 00 : 00 : 03, 130 Hey , Earl .
 It 's the brand new us in brand new gently used outfits .
 The pit stains are vintage .
 I dug mine out of a dumpster .
 It wasn 't even touching the diaper .
 I 'm not used to seeing you girls in clothes .
 Things just sound creepier when you 're old .
 As new part owners of the diner , we 're making improvements .
 Heh , not in the food or decor
 ' cause LOL .
 But we 're just gonna look better .
 Oleg , did you hear the news ?
 We 're not wearing uniforms anymore .
 Cool . Let 's do it .
 Just say the word .
 The underwear is tear- away too .
 Don 't say words .
 Oh , God !
 I think I just looked into the eye of the tiger .
 Oh , it 's my roach friend , Pierre .
 Bonjour , Pierre .
 Au revoir , Pierre .
 Stop , drop , and roll ! You 're on fire .
 You 're on fire . Now scissor a little . It can 't hurt .



 Okay , now that no one can see Oleg 's nipples ,
 let 's start . As you know , Max and I are part owners of the diner .
 You been telling us every damn day
 like a skinny cuckoo clock .
 Which reminds me ,
 I timed my medication to it .
 Pill me , Earl .
 What was that ?
 I don 't know . Like to keep my body guessing .
 So what 's this meeting for ?
 The baby 's almost here and I still have a bunch of new father stuff to do : build a crib ; get rid of 60 yards of butt- beads .
 You can build a crib ?
 Anyway , the big change we 're talking about is changing right now .
 Han ?
 I don 't want to !
 Okay , fine .



 Those shorts look like a cheap hotel , no ballroom .
 I already lost my diner .
 Haven 't I been shamed enough ? Ooh . Thanks for reminding me .
 Caroline ?
 Now you have .
 And this is what you get for gambling on ladies ' tennis and owing us $25, 000 .
 You look like Bob 's " Little " Boy .
 Should we order directly into your mouth ?
 Han , since the diner is now owner operated , if we have to wait on tables , so do you .
 You 're gonna cover our shifts because our other business , the dessert bar , is opening in two days .
 Did you say you own a dessert bar ? Huh ... pill time .
 I don 't know why I can 't catch a break from you two .
 I had to put up with Max 's heartbreak over her LA boyfriend Randy for months .
 It was more indulgent than Beyoncé 's " Lemonade . " - How dare you ?
 - She 's a queen .
 The name " Randy " is off- limits in this diner , Han .
 Like ambition or fresh milk .
 Girls , while you have us trapped here , what the hell is a dessert bar ?
 Is it cake with alcohol in it ?
 Or alcohol with cake ?
 ' Cause either way , nobody wants to make love after eating a big hunk of pie .
 Earl , everybody understands the concept .
 I don 't get the dessert bar thing either .
 Who wants to hear from a human mustard packet ? Randy , Randy , Randy . Zing !

 Damn , baby got back .
 Thanks for the input , but I think I know what I 'm doing . I went to Wharton .
 Wharton .
 That 's my last pill .
 Hey , every- baby !
 Yeah , it 's my due date .
 This baby is taking longer to come out than a Catholic from Indiana .
 Sophie , do you feel anything ?
 I mean , besides the vibrating panties I got you ?
 Oh , is that what that sound is ?
 I thought a bee got in here .
 Well , I 'll be in my booth waiting for my baby .


 Welcome to the Williamsburg Diner .
 I 'll be your waiter , Han .
 Who 's the new girl ?
 I don 't like her .
 None of these bartenders have dessert bar experience .
 I guess that 's because we made it up .
 That one guy got drunk at the M& M 's store .
 That 's in the ballpark . You just like him ' cause he gave you candy .
 It did not hurt .
 Hey . I 'm here for the bartender job .
 Well , you 're not holding your penis , so you 're doing better than the last guy .
 Full disclosure : that guy 's still in the running .
 Mine would be here , but he gets nervous at interviews .
 He 's funny . He 's an actual bartender .
 He 's qualified , and he 's still not holding his penis . You 're hired .
 Welcome aboard , Randall . I hate that name . People call me " Randy . "
 And we hate that name . Out you go .
 No , no , no . No , no , that 's ... come on .
 He 's not gonna bother me . He looks nothing like my Randy .
 My Randy is a mountain of a man .
 But life got in the way .
 He lives in LA and I was starting this dessert bar .
 Yeah , she 's not over it .
 Yeah , and you really pooped the bed with the name thing .
 He could pick me up with one arm and carry Chinese food with the other .
 Where 'd that guy go ?
 He disappeared faster than Adam Lambert .
 Max , we need to avoid any reminders of Randy . I can 't go back to that depression you were in .
 It was so hard for me .
 Don 't worry .
 I 'll be okay and so will we . This is Williamsburg ; you can 't spit without hitting a bartender .
 Or an artisanal pickle maker .
 Why do we live here ?
 I 'm here for the bartender interview .
 Oh , no , you two .
 How do we know him ?
 Wait a minute . Dad ?
 You 're the puppet guy that tried to sue us two years and three businesses ago by saying we injured you .
 She broke my puppet .
 Wait , we never had sex .
 Did we ?
 Do you wiggle a lot ? I do .
 But we didn 't .
 Anyway , uh , since I changed psychopharmacologists , the puppets aren 't talking to me as much .


 Here 's my résumé .




 Please don 't call the references .
 They 're all jealous of me .
 Under special skills , you wrote , " Revenge . "
 Oh , whoops , that was supposed to be under " Favorite TV Shows . "
 But can 't we just let bygones be bygones ?
 I mean , really , I 've done a lot of work on myself .
 I have found inner peace , and I 've completely ... completely centered myself through a series of ... of therapy sessions that became intensely sexual .


 Yeah , I know .
 It 's on your résumé .
 Him you can call .
 We don 't like to work with nemesises .
 Nemesi ?
 Let 's just go with " creepy people that we hate . "
 Fine .
 You two , with your porcelain skin and your businesses .
 I 'll go back to my crappy daytime job , but FYl , Cagney and Lacey , nobody knows what the hell a dessert bar is .


 What is so hard to understand ?
 It 's signature cocktails paired with dessert confections .
 Why do all my enemies have to be geniuses ?
 He does seem a lot better .
 Max , we open in two days ; we need a bartender .
 Look , I will just take care of the drinks till we find the right person not named " Randy . "
 Max , look around . We did it .
 And it only cost every cent we got from your big movie deal .
 And the weed money you were hiding in that box labeled " not weed money . "
 I 'm gonna go check out the bathroom again .
 You know you 've made it when you have an industrial flush .
 The seat is clean . You don 't even have to hover .
 Come on !
 Delivery for Max and Caroline .

 What are you wearing ?
 And I don 't know how this is possible , but you have a camel toe .
 It 's my flower delivery uniform .
 I picked up a shift so I could pay you two shrews faster and get my diner back .
 Now , could you please sign ?
 I left my bicycle unlocked .
 It says , " Max and Caroline , congratulations on your dessert bar , Randy . "
 These are from Randy . Oh , my God . Get these out of here .
 The Upsy Daisies are our most popular item .
 Widows get into fist fights over them .
 Yes !
 Han , get these out of here . I can 't have her see these .
 Go . I will make a notation that you did not tip .
 No 19- digit promo code for you .



 The mail wasn 't there , but that unexplained puddle in the hallway is thriving .
 I 'm afraid they 're gonna call it a pool and try to raise our rent .
 Good !
 I 'd love to have friends over to my puddle for a change .
 Our liquor license was supposed to come today .
 We should have gotten mail by now .
 We also should have left batteries in the carbon monoxide detector , but I got tired of all the beeping .
 Do your eyes feel bloodier than usual ?
 Hey , gals ! Yeah , nope .
 Still not a mother .
 Oh , I 'm so bored .
 I 've Netflix 'd , Hulu 'd , Amazoned .
 I 'm about to HBO GO out of my mind .
 Sophie , where did you get those Upsy Daisies ?
 Oh , Han gave them to me . Yeah , and he tried to sell me a time- share in the Poconos .
 Yeah , but I got to say ,
 I was a little intrigued . Sophie , you shouldn 't be down here .
 There 's a probable carbon monoxide leak .
 You should go check out our pool .
 Why did Han give you flowers ?
 Is he trying to hit that ?
 Oh , well , he 'd have to reach that first .
 No , they were for you guys .
 Yeah , Caroline didn 't want them .
 Yeah , but I 'm not above garbage flowers .

 These are from Randy for me .

 You !
 Max , I didn 't want to tell you about the flowers . I didn 't want to upset you .
 If you don 't want to upset me , then why do you chew salad so loudly ?
 Uh , she 's got a point there , Caroline .



 I am not mad .
 You 're not ? No .
 It was really nice of Randy to send flowers and maybe I should call him .
 Bad idea to get in touch with Randy .
 Very bad idea , like , jumpsuits on short women . What ?
 He did a nice thing and I just want to thank him . We 'll thank him together .
 You know what people like to get nowadays ? A handwritten note . Let me grab my stationery .
 It 's a Rite Aid receipt so there 's plenty of room . - Dear Randy ...
 - You know what ?
 Just calling Randy is rude .
 Since when do you worry about rude ?
 - You interrupt almost every ... - I want to FaceTime him . That 's much worse , and you just interrupted me Ag ...
 - Hi , Randy .
 - Max !
 It 's so great to hear from you .
 Is Caroline not there , or is she standing behind you with her arms folded , looking angry ?
 My arms aren 't folded , they 're on my hips .
 And I 'm not angry , but Max called you without my permission .
 Hi , Miss Channing .
 Max has to get off the phone . You 're embarrassing me .
 Max , it took you three months and a palette of Cheetos to get over him .
 You covered the screen , not the speaker .
 You shouldn 't be talking to him .
 You shouldn 't be wearing blue eye shadow .
 You told me it looked nice and now I 've ruined the receipt and I can 't take it back .
 Guys , I 'm getting whiplash . You know what ?
 Everyone just calm down . I 'm just saying thank you . God- uh !

 Sophie , is it time ?
 Are you in labor ? No .
 I broke my masturbating underwear .
 Ah , but you know how that goes .
 I do not and I will not act like I might .
 You know , you 're a puzzle that I have no interest in solving .
 Here 's your mail .
 The mail .
 Our liquor license . Yeah . You know what ,
 I think my masturbating underwear is short- circuiting , but ... eeh ... oh ... but it feels pretty good .

 Is not coming because I made a tiny mistake on the forms ?
 Well , if it makes you feel any better , nobody knows what a dessert bar is .
 And frankly , it just makes people angry .
 Max , I have bad news .
 Oh , my God ... you 're naked !
 I 'm saying thank you to Randy .
 Looks like Randy is thanking himself .
 Oh , hey , sorry about that .
 That thank you kind of got away from us .
 Max , put your pants on , we 're going downtown .
 That 's funny , Randy just told me to take them off for the same reason .



 Last time I saw a line this long , it went up my nose .
 And I almost married Katt Williams . Excuse me ?
 Is there a different line for people who just made one tiny mistake and it 's not her fault
 ' cause she was just overwhelmed at the time ?

 Max , we 're gonna die here .
 Ugh , finally .
 I 'd give out flyers for the dessert bar , but I just saw someone pull an unwrapped cheese stick out of his pocket .
 I can 't believe you filled out a form wrong .
 Start a business much ? Uh , in my defense , this is kind of your fault .
 Me ?
 How is it my fault ?
 I was in a fort made out of pillows most of July .
 Or was it August ?
 I don 't know , you can lose track of time in a fort .
 Exactly .
 I had to jackass around this whole city to get the dessert bar ready while you were rolling in the deep , getting over Randy .
 So ... hello from the other side . Girl fight .
 Worldstar .
 And now , after all that ,
 I catch you going down on Randy 's iPhone .
 I 'm warning you right now ,
 I am not bathing you again .
 Look , there is a mathematical formula involved in break- up sex .
 What do you know about math ?
 You always leave out six when you count to ten .
 Doesn 't mean you 're stupid . A lot of persons do that .
 Typically , in a break- up , if you live in the same city , you go to the guy 's house to pick up your stuff , and then you do it .
 That 's one time .
 Then you " forget something " and he brings it to your place and then you do it .
 That 's two . Then you run into each other at a bar , do it in the bathroom .
 Three .
 Then you fake a pregnancy .
 That 's four . Then he fakes an STD . That 's five .
 And then you 're broken up .
 There 's been no math .
 Five is a number . Numbers are math .
 Read a book . Yeah .
 Read a book . Name a book .
 The phone book .
 This line is for municipal licenses only .
 Not driver 's licenses , wedding licenses , or whatnot .
 Municipal licenses .
 If you don 't know what that is , you 're in the wrong line .
 How could you not know what line you 're supposed to be standing in ?
 Randy , let me call you back from the bathroom .
 I know where it is . I used to work here . Max !
 Hey , Caroline . Oh , Max was just thanking me for the flowers again .
 That 's why I 'm not wearing a shirt .
 Or pants .
 Uh , let me call you back , but keep your pants off . What ?
 I am not counting that as one .
 Were you really gonna spank it in the middle of the municipal building ? Spank it ? Don 't be crass , Caroline .
 Yes . Next ! Ding ding ding !
 It 's just some clerical error so we should be able to get our license today .
 Let me handle this . You know you have a history of getting slappy with bureaucrats .
 Hi .
 We got this in the mail , and there 's been some teensy little mistake ...
 Well , well , well !

 Him ! I 've got this , Moesha .
 Why don 't you go clean up your little
 Lean Cuisine explosion in the microwave ?
 Oh , she 's a mess .
 Now , how can I not help you two ?
 This is your dead- end job ?
 I pictured you working as a drug mule or a seat filler on The View .
 That 's a job ?
 Dude , I just made a mistake on the application .
 Can 't you just give us a break ?
 Our dessert bar is supposed to open tomorrow night .
 Please ?
 I gave up a boyfriend for this business , and I 'm gonna mess up her pretty face if it doesn 't work out .
 Max , thank you .
 I was starting to think you didn 't think I was that pretty .
 If we don 't fix this , we 're gonna have to delay our opening .
 So please ?
 You know what ?
 Let me talk to my supervisor .


 His neck 's a little rusty , but that 's a no .
 I would make us a drink but without a liquor license , all I can make is meth .
 This is all my fault .
 No , I was in a funk about Randy and you had to do all this stuff on your own .
 - It 's my fault .
 - Okay , good .
 That 's what I really thought , but I just wanted to make sure it was out there .
 We have zero luck , Max , zero .
 I just stopped by to say
 I 'm sorry about your dessert bar .
 You two are unlucky A , F.
 That 's " As Freddie . "
 He 's a friend of mine . He 's very unlucky .
 Earl , there 's no outside liquor . ' Cause it just makes us feel worse .
 This ain 't outside liquor .
 It 's from the diner . Can 't you tell by the beef floating in it ?
 Oh , my God . It 's not from outside .
 It 's from the diner . Max , who owns the diner ?
 Me , you , and an Asian squirrel .
 Max , we don 't need a liquor license because ... - We already have one .
 - Uh- huh . Oh ! I just did more math .
 Still not math !


 I haven 't seen women move that fast since the Activia recall .
 Here it is !
 Oh , my God , Han 's middle name is Margaret .
 Sometimes the universe just gives you a gift .
 This entitles the owner , operator , operators ...
 That 's us ! ... Of the Williamsburg Diner to serve alcohol to those persons 21 and over , reserving the right to not serve those persons who do not supply valid ID !
 Max , do you know what this means ?
 I am totally carding Han Margaret when he comes in our dessert bar , which is so opening tomorrow night .
 Hey , every- baby .
 Still preg ... achoo !




 Are you guys seeing this too ?
 I 'm never gonna forget it .
 I think my water broke .
 Oleg !
 Get out here and bring the mop bucket .
 Sophie 's in labor .
 Oh .
 I 'm calling the car right now .
 It says " Your Lyft driver is already here . "
 Did somebody order a car ?
 Look , it 's Minnie Driver .
 Sophie , we 're having a baby .
 I 'm scared .
 She should be scared , she 's wearing electric underwear .
 Slow , easy breaths .
 I am !
 I was more talking to myself .
 Don 't leave me in there alone .
 You know I see dead people .
 It 's coming .
 It 's coming !
 It 's here !
 The baby ?
 Well , a baby .
 Oh , good , our goober driver 's here .
 Aren 't I suffering enough to get the diner back from you two ?
 I 'm already driving for Lyft and Uber and selling Molly out of that glove compartment .
 Shotgun !
 Han , I hate to hit the stereotype of Asian women drivers , but could you speed the hell up ?
 Do you want to arrive quickly or do you want to arrive safely ?
 A teddy bear doesn 't count as carpooling , lady !
 I can 't have a car baby .
 Three of my brothers were born in the car .
 On the way to the woods , where they were supposed to be born .
 Sophie , do you think you could move your seat up a scooch ?
 Only because I think my leg is broken .
 This reminds me of a road trip I took one time with Earth , Wind & Fire .
 The car was so cramped , we had to leave Wind behind .
 I feel like someone just left some wind behind in here .
 Signal much ?
 Ow !
 Sophie , smile for the camera .
 I don 't want to miss a minute .
 No Golishevsky man has ever been there for the birth of his child .
 Why , because it 's bad luck to see your wife before she 's born ?
 You tell one story where your uncle marries his daughter , and suddenly , you 're the incest guy .
 Uh- oh .
 It 's happening .
 Oh .
 Ah , I can feel the baby 's head .
 Oh .
 It 's your sandwich .
 It 's yours now .
 All right .
 Sophie , you have to make it to the hospital .
 I sold my rare toe- porn collection to pay for a fancy birthing suite .
 I 'm gonna give birth to this baby in style .
 I won 't have to protect it from wild animals afterwards , you know , which is nice .
 Sophie , don 't get too comfortable in that suite .
 You 're gonna need to drop it like it 's hot the second we get to the hospital .
 Max and I have to get ready for our dessert bar opening .
 Baby on board !
 Move it our lose it !
 In their defense , it looks like no one 's driving this car .
 Excuse me , doctor ?
 It 's been 12 hours .
 Is there some way we could speed this up ?
 You know , jumping jacks , Indian food , a C- section ?
 Does she need to be in here ?
 Yeah .
 Yeah , that one and the other one over there are the godparents .
 Max .
 Yeah , girl .
 They 're not a couple .
 Oleg thinks they do it a little though .
 Only 1 centimeter .
 I don 't feel anything .
 It could be a while .
 Sophie , you may want to take off the Spanx .
 I 'm pregnant .
 I 'm not dead .
 Oh , man , tub legs .
 I 'll be back .
 But not because I want to .
 Oleg , come on , film the room .
 I want our baby to know that I was treated like a queen .
 You know , I think Elton John had this room when he gave birth .
 I 'm sorry , I lost y 'all .
 I feel asleep on a gurney and woke up in the morgue .
 I scared the pants off a bunch of med students .
 Ooh , there 's my alarm .
 I have to go have break- up phone sex with my ex , Randy .
 Like you do .
 Well , don 't go very far 'cause
 Oleg gets fainty in hospitals and supermarkets that also sell clothing .
 It 's just too much .
 Max , you and Randy have had more sex since your break- up then I had with my college boyfriend .
 Granted , he was very busy with musical theater .
 The only time we had sex was when he was in his Cats ' costume and he asked me to give him a Rum Tum Tugger .
 The rule is you have sex five times before you 're broken up .
 And this is number five .
 Historically , the biggest , sweatiest , and the most butt- centric ... his , not mine .
 So ...
 Do not disturb .
 It 's facing the wrong way , and it 's very disturbing .
 Hey , Randy .
 Oh , sorry , I just , uh , just woke up .
 Looks like you 've been up for awhile .
 Mind if I camp under that pup tent ?
 Can you go roast his marshmallows somewhere else ?
 Excuse me , there 's a VVVlP patient coming in who needs this room .
 I don 't care what kind of disease they have .
 I 'm not going .
 Oh , my God .
 That 's supermodel Vanessa Nibotito .
 She 's pretty and smart .
 It 's hard , right girl ?
 I ...
 I paid for this room .
 That giant bag of quarters ?
 That 's us !
 Is my baby bump seriously getting bumped by a poor man 's me ?
 I 'm so sorry .
 I could send you a copy of my motherhood book if you 'd like .
 The lady I paid to write it did a great job .
 Oh , wait ... wait a minute , no ...
 I 'm not going anywhere .
 No , wait a minute .
 Wait , I 'm not ... no , I 'm not going .
 You can 't make me .
 No , wait a minute .
 Wait a min ... oh , wait , wait , wait .
 Oh , look , I 'm getting a little arm workout here .
 Oh , yeah .
 Sophie , the hospital is saying they bounced us from the room because we took too long .
 They 're offering us a cot near the burn unit of the ICU .
 Well ,
 ICU don 't understand that I 'm not having this baby until I get back in my suite .
 That 's a hard " no , " Chris .
 Guess who just flirted her way into a free carpal tunnel glove ?
 Some girls flirt their way into a sugar daddy ;
 I get medical supplies .
 And more good news ...
 Did you get me my room back ?
 No , those days are over .
 We 're hallway people now .
 But I was able to print out flyers for our dessert bar .
 I 'd love to give them a rounded edge .
 Do you have scissors ?
 Are you kidding me ?
 Of course I do .
 Look in my bag .
 Sophie , they 're offering us a full- size bed , but it 's in an MRI machine .
 I think we should take it .
 Dessert bar opening tonight .
 We have a ramp .
 Excuse me , coming through .
 Coming through .
 A- lister about to give birth .
 Oh , my God .
 Celebrity doctor , Nancy Gonzales !
 You know , I wear your perfume .
 Nancy , you might have heard , dessert bar opening tonight .
 Someone needs to control the hallway people .
 Randy .
 Max !
 That wasn 't me , it was naughty nurse Wanda .
 I was about to give Wanda a shot .
 Well , she was gonna give it to herself , but I was gonna tell her exactly how to do it .
 Max , isn 't playing doctor in a hospital a little on the nose ?
 I like to be on theme .
 We can play pirate and lusty wench when I 'm in a Long John Silver 's .
 No , you won 't because we 're not allowed in there for that very reason .
 Plus , didn 't you already have your fifth time ?
 You see , Caroline , break- up sex in LA is six times .
 It 's the DeVito- Perlman rule .
 Rhea forgot her yoga mat , and five limoncellos later , boom !
 The rest is history .
 He 's a lawyer so we have to listen to him .
 Dessert bar opening tonight .
 Sophie , any progress in your nethers ?
 ' Cause our dessert bar opens in five hours , and it promises I 'll be there on the flyer .
 Dessert bar opening tonight .
 I 'll be there .
 Did you really have to refer to yourself as
 " New York 's Own Caroline Channing " ?
 She 's coming .
 Hallway people , clear a path .
 Oh .
 Congratulations because you 're invited to our dessert bar opening .
 You can bring the baby if you want , but I wouldn 't love it .
 What 's dessert ?
 I 'm still tweeting that she 's coming .
 I 'm taking the suite back , girls .
 Roll me in !
 Yeah , we 're not hallway people anymore .
 Whoo- hoo !
 Yeah !
 Ooh .
 How long can sushi be sitting out ?
 Ooh , not that long .
 What about this one ?
 Max , don 't .
 It promises on the flyer that you 'll be at the dessert bar opening too .
 It 's in smaller letters , but it 's there .
 Oh .
 I got here as fast as I could .
 To take the baby out ?
 No , to see the model .
 Um , she 's gone .
 She kept saying , " Where 's Doctor Gomulka ? "
 Really ?
 No , no one 's ever said that .
 Well , since I 'm already disappointed ,
 I guess I 'll take a look under the hood .
 Oleg , you know how I love to have a snack when I get my exam .
 I 'll go to the gift shop and grab you some chocolate- heavy trail mix and some Hubba Bubba .
 Oh , and Oleg !
 Turn the bag upside down and ... oh .
 He knows .
 Well , if I were a gambling man , I 'd say it 'll be at least five hours .
 Achoo !
 And that 's how I lost my house .
 Nurse , I need something to cut the umbilical cord .
 Oh , I ... wait , wait .
 You 're in luck .
 Aww .
 Aww .
 Sophie , you did great .
 You 're a mother .
 Also , gesundheit .
 Aw , the baby 's beautiful .
 Oh , my God .
 I had the baby !
 And Oleg missed it .
 Oh , and he had his heart set on seeing the baby being born .
 And he missed it .
 He 's never gonna forgive himself !
 He 's never , never , never , never , never , never ...
 Please , Sophie , calm down .
 Maybe Oleg didn 't miss it .
 It worries me how little you know about science stuff .
 We 'll fake the birth .
 You 're asking me to help you fake a birth ?
 You 'll be fine .
 You 've faked an orgasm .
 Well , that 's true .
 We have to make Oleg pass out long enough to bring the baby in and make him think he just missed a second of the actual birth .
 Sophie , act like you 're in labor .
 Just yell and tell Oleg you wish you never met him .
 It should be easy .
 He 's coming .
 Places .
 Sorry it took so long , but the lady in front of me paid for her Jujubes with a third- party check .
 Oh , I 'm in pain !
 Oh , I 'm about to have a baby for the first time !
 Okay .
 I 'm ready .
 I popped a Pepto and what I 'm now realizing was a laxative .
 Oleg , you stay out of the splash zone .
 It 's go time .
 Oh , there is some seriously birthy stuff going on down here .
 Oh , should we get a doctor ?
 Even a girl one ?
 There 's no time !
 Because of all the oozing gunk !
 Push , Sophie , push !
 You ... you ... you ... you did this to me with your gorgeous penis !
 We 're both sorry !
 Max , anything else disgusting going on down there ?
 Oh , yeah , we got a real sick situation here .
 Oh , man , there 's a lot of placenta goo .
 Oy , oy , oy , oy ...
 I haven 't been this woozy since I was in a Super Target .
 I 'm not going down .
 I 'm not going down .
 The wet , sludgy baby is fighting through the slime !
 Oh .
 Oh .
 Oh , girls , quick .
 He 's down .
 Get the baby !
 Oh , my God .
 All right .
 All right , now , to wake him up , yell " immigration " or tickle his ...
 Immigration !
 What 'd I miss ?
 Look , Oleg .
 The baby is here .
 And it 's a girl .
 She has a bejoonie , just like her mama .
 She 's beautiful , just like her mama .
 Yeah .
 Do you want to hold her ?
 Yeah ?
 Yeah .
 Look .
 That 's your daddy .
 Let her get settled in the world before you start giving her bad news .
 Hello , baby .
 Barbara !
 Barbara Kuchenski Golishevsky !
 Oh , that sounds real musical , doesn 't it ?
 Depends what kind of music you listen to .
 Aww , she 's so cute .
 Barbara 's a definite ?
 Yeah .
 I 'm your godmother .
 One day I 'm gonna teach you how to lie to these two .
 And also this one .
 Look at all those people at our door .
 And not a torch in the mix .
 Oh , Earl .
 Are you lost again ?
 The diner is next door !
 Don 't confuse him .
 He 's our bouncer .
 You 're our bouncer !
 Now , you don 't really expect everybody on this list to show up , now , do you ?
 ' Cause Liam Hemsworth and I are in a Twitter feud .
 Okay , some of it may have been wishful thinking , but I did text 2 Chainz .
 We met him on a private plane once .
 I gave him my digits .
 Uh , 2 Chainz , is that a person or a dress code ?
 It 's both .
 Earl , 2 Chainz is a famous rapper .
 Oh , my God , 2 Chainz is here ... ah !
 I 'm letting 2 Chainz the famous rapper in before we open .
 What 's up , Double C ?
 She prefers to be called , " New York 's Own Double C. "
 Sup ?
 I can 't believe you made it to our dessert bar .
 I can 't believe anybody knows what a dessert bar is .
 Are you kidding ?
 Sugar and alcohol go hand in hand .
 It 's two great tastes that taste great together .
 Like how I seamlessly fuse new- school and old- school flows .
 Well , now I get it .
 Why didn 't you just say that , girls ?
 Now , can I get one of those flan- tinis , please ?
 Look , sorry I didn 't recognize you , 2 Chainz .
 I let my subscription to Vibe expire in 1984 .
 Oh , that 's okay .
 I think they give discounts for return customers .
 Oh , really ?
 Well , well , well !
 Look who opened up a bar after I denied them a liquor license .
 Well , well , well , look who decided to wear ladies ' pants hoping no one would notice .
 J. Petto , what are you doing here ?
 How did you know we were opening ?
 I definitely didn 't give you a flyer .
 I follow 2 Chainz on Twitter , sometimes in my car .
 Just so you know , I have 911 on speed dial .
 Our liquor license , sir .
 Uh , this belongs to the Williamsburg Diner .
 They 're the same property .
 We own the diner .
 They 're related ,
 like Alec and whoever the grossest Baldwin is .
 Daniel .
 You can 't use another establishment 's liquor license .
 I 'm shutting you two down and I 'm slapping the owner of the diner with a $25, 000 fine .
 Who is this bitch ?
 Just some mean , little man with nothing better to do on a Friday night than ruin our lives .
 Not true ; I 'm taking my aunt to drag bingo right after this .
 Well , girls ,
 I managed to make it here after this dog fornicated his way across Greenpoint .
 Been there .
 Done that .
 Here 's $300 .
 My earnings after working 12 jobs and being robbed 4 times .
 Twice by the same girl .
 You can have your diner back .
 We feel bad about taking it from you , and also the owner of the diner owes old butt- chin here and the city $25, 000 .
 What ?
 The diner is mine again ?
 Yeah , sorry .
 Yes !
 Yes !
 Yes !
 I have my baby back .
 You have baby everything .
 I 'm shutting you down for 14 business days .
 And you 're getting a bill in the mail with very confusing instructions .
 And ...
 I 'm having my birthday here .
 Let 's bounce , 2 Chainz .
 So long , pal .
 You 're gonna have to find someone else to use as a chew toy .
 Oh , man .
 Sorry about the bar , girls .
 I mean , guess I 'm gonna have to get me a bottle of rosé and head over to Mrs. Fields ' again .
 Does she have a sister ?
 Or a color TV ?
 See you later , girls .
 It look like I 'm gonna go party with the old man right here .
 Can you guys just give us another minute ?
 Or 14 business days ?
 The only thing that opened and closed faster than us was Whiskey , Tango , Foxtrot .
 Well , at least I didn 't get a blow out for this .
 That lessens the sting of a failed opening .
 Are you kidding ?
 I think this is gonna make us more popular .
 You know how people always want what they can 't have .
 Like you with everything .
 If that 's true , then why do you look upset ?
 ' Cause Randy and I are really broken up .
 We burned through the Affleck- Garner clause , the Cox- Arquette addendum .
 As soon as we got to the Bieber- Gomez principle , we were ashamed of ourselves .
 Max , you 're the queen of not following the rules .
 " Rules , schmules , " you say .
 Yes !
 Rules , schmules !
 And condoms , schmondoms .
 Yeah , that one 's not great .
 What I 'm saying is you make stuff up .
 Like this dessert bar .
 And that was a great idea .
 So you should make up rules for you and Randy .
 ' Cause it really seems like you guys care about each other .
 Yeah , you 're right .
 Break- up , schmake- up .
 Now , go call Randy and make me want to burn my iPad .
 Go , I 'm begging you .
 Yeah , we 're gonna kill it in 14 business days .
