





0 0 : 0 0 : 3 1 , 7 8 1 - -&gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 3 3 , 8 6 7 ‎ What is this place? ‎ Where am I?
‎ I can 't speak English
‎ please take a seat
‎ Phone?
‎ No, you can only call local
‎ please be careful, you should not move
‎ The doctor will be here soon
‎ Who brought me here?
‎ Is it Fulin?
‎ Gustavo Flynn
‎ sit down
‎ I 'll pour you a glass of boiling water


‎ ( Highway 4 km)
‎ Look at you ruining my fine craftsmanship
‎ What am I doing here?
‎ You should rest
‎ What does he want me to do?
‎ He wants me to save your life
‎ Would you like to?





‎ NETFLIX ORIGINAL SERIES‎ Alright, listen up‎ If Ike doesn 't leave by himself in 15 minutes, the sheriff will expel him
‎ When the time comes, the hydro company will cut the line
‎ We tear down the fence to the north
‎ Everything inside must be boxed and sent to storage
‎ Debris in trash can
‎ Just keep the cement‎ The waste company will take care of it
‎ - All right now? ‎ - I see a little problem here‎ Wait, who are you?
‎ I 'm Lawyer Sal Goodman, nice to meet you
More importantly, where are we? ‎ - What does this mean?
‎ Did you know?
‎ It 's almost the hour and I have a suggestion
‎ You tell everyone to go back now, you can save half a day 's wages
‎ What are you talking about?


‎ Officer, what happened at the right time? ‎ - He 's a lawyer, says there 's a little problem
‎ I 'm Avery Acker 's attorney‎ I 'm just doing 'due diligence'
‎ I 'm sorry, the judge has issued a deportation order
‎ I believe yes, can I borrow it?
‎ Nothing wrong, sir
‎ Since you represent Mr. Ike, can you ask him to cooperate with the deportation?
‎ Can you name the address above?
‎ Arroyo Vista 1 1 3 0‎ Questions?
‎ Is that where we are?

‎ That mailbox has a house number on it‎ Clear 1 1 3 0
‎I didn 't see‎ Did you see it, Officer?
‎ I didn 't see
‎ Someone took it out‎ This is Arroyo Vista 1 1 3 0‎ This is Arroyo Vista 1 2 4 0
‎ Always Arroyo Vista 1 2 40
‎ - 1 2 4 0 ？   ‎ - 1 2 4 0
‎ - My client says it 's 1 2 4 0‎ - I have a map of the area to clarify
‎ I respect whoever drew that map‎ But Mr. Ike lived here for 30 years
‎ - I think he knows what his address is ‎ - Sir, do you have a document with the address?

‎ ( O 'Hara &amp; Sons Moving Company)


‎ thank you

‎ Arroyo Vista 1 2 4 0
‎ It 's number 1 1 3 0. Anyone can print this. You have an order signed by a judge.
‎ We can ask the surveyor to come over in the afternoon‎ and he 'll figure it all out‎ - that will cost us the whole day‎ - listen, officer
‎ When you force a retired veteran away from home‎ and take everything he has
‎ Before destroying a half-century-old home‎ Don 't want to make sure the location is right?

‎ Please, but the house number is missing‎ I have to get on the phone


‎ Take a 10-minute break everyone!


‎ After a year of boycotting by all means‎ He is now looking for a lawyer?
‎ Lawyers come in, lunatics out ‎ We settle it in hours
‎ It 's just a gimmick, and it 's not very effective‎ It cost us a day, I think it 's very effective


‎ But things have been resolved‎ Can we tear it down tomorrow?
‎ This is the plan
‎ Still have questions?
‎ Unfortunately there is one more trouble
‎ Ike 's lawyer is Jimmy
Good rice?
‎ Your Jimmy? ‎ yes
‎ How? ‎ Jimmy has been on a big promotion
‎ Looks like Ike noticed


‎ OK, so what?
‎ To be fair, I am withdrawing‎ Matters related to Project Tucumcari
‎ Xiaodai will take over for me‎ She and Peggy will handle it to the end
‎ Xiaojin has already done so much‎ I think it 's okay to leave it to Xiaodai‎ Of course, this is only limited to Tucumcari 's situation‎ I will continue to be responsible for the rest.



‎ Did you know?
‎ I smell betrayal
‎ It 's no coincidence that Ike hired Jimmy
‎ I heard you teach that guy a hard lesson
‎ It looks like you gave him a new wound‎ - I won 't say . . . ‎ - I think so
‎ This guy sees how good you are
‎ He hired Jimmy on purpose to drive you away from us

‎ Kevin, I . . .
‎ I think this possibility is very small‎ Trust me, Xiao Jin‎ I know this kind of conspiracy at a glance
‎ I have no other meaning‎ I believe your colleague is very capable
‎ but I won 't let this guy ‎ take away the best lawyer in my business
‎ I think what Xiao Jin wants to say is
‎ going home to face the other party 's lawyer‎ would be embarrassing for her
‎ Is that right, Kim? ‎ Does this make it difficult for you to live at home? ‎ I 'm not worried about a personal level
‎ I just don 't want a conflict of interest issue
‎ I 'm not worried about this
‎ As long as you are willing to persevere, why should I change horses in the middle?
‎ Kevin, are they waiting for you?
‎ yes
‎ Listen, I need that call center‎ We 're starting work now
‎ There are many competitors out there‎
‎Wait for a dead old man to nod‎ before building their call center
‎ - Got it? ‎ - Got it
‎ I know you can


‎ I just saw an MRI machine?
‎ yes
‎ These are all money from Fulin
‎ So do those little houses outside. I guess there are packs of methamphetamine inside.
‎ No drugs here
‎ Only the medicines I ordered
‎ No one has a gun

‎ What if I want to go back to where I came from?
‎ welcome away
‎ Go back to the road I just found you
‎ Walk five kilometers from here‎ There is a gate leading to the main road
‎ The gate is guarded
‎ I guess those guys have guns
‎ Maybe‎ I never saw any weapons
‎ No matter what, they won 't stop you
‎ Twelve kilometers from the highway‎ There is a small town
‎ Bigger than here, but still small
‎ There is a bus stop there
‎ Once you get on the bus‎, it 's about a day 's ride to El Paso
‎ However
‎ With your current condition‎ You will never live there
‎ I suggest you recuperate first ‎ and enjoy Mrs. Cortasa 's good cooking
‎ Get some fresh air
‎ Fulin sent me all the way here
‎ Why?
‎ I don 't know
‎ you have to ask him
‎ So you 're just his quack doctor on the go?
‎ I am the quack doctor who saved your life
‎ This is infection prevention
‎ Take two capsules every four hours for the next week‎ This is pain reliever
‎ eat again if needed
‎ I 'll be back in three days to check you
‎ Then wait a week or so‎ and you are probably ready to travel
‎ I can help you pass the word to your family
‎ no more









‎ ( try to be the best)



‎ Hi Howard
‎ Hi Jimmy, is it inconvenient now?
‎ I 'm a little busy to be honest, but . . .
‎ What 's the matter?
‎ Just happened to think of you, how are you?
‎ very good
‎ That 's fine. What 's the matter?
‎ just care about the things you mentioned to us
‎ have any ideas
‎ The things we mentioned . . .
‎ You said work!
‎ Yes, I actually think about this all the time
‎ Great‎ Any conclusions?
‎ No, I have to think about it
‎ Thoughtful, giving me what I should do
‎ Makes sense, when you decide ‎ I can always discuss the details
‎ - No problem‎ - Jimmy . . .






‎ hey
‎ tastes weird
‎ Yes, it 's curry
‎ I think it 's our unexpected hero
‎ I want to marinate it overnight‎ but I can eat it early in the morning
‎ - What did you say to Kevin? ‎ - I 'm still in charge of the case
‎ No, it 's great! what happen?
‎ The more I wanted to quit‎ the more he wanted me to stay
‎ - OK, but he 's pissed? ‎ - is a little
‎ Well, where were you?

‎ at his country club
‎ catch close to tee time‎ pressure, very good
‎ - Actually he had to change his time ‎ - I like it!
‎ OK, what 's next?
‎ Are you sitting or standing?
‎ Give a picture, set a scene
‎ come on




‎ okay
‎ Me and Peggy met him outside the clubhouse


‎ The three of us sat at a table‎ He sat here like this and said . . .

‎Wait‎ He sits like that?
‎ - Yes, he sits on his side ‎ - Does he sit on his side?
‎ Probably
‎ Well, you never told me he would sit on his side
‎ That 's precious information
‎ continue
‎ Well, he sits here and says

‎ - 'I won 't let him take away . . . ' ‎ - wait, learn his speech
‎ - I don 't want to imitate him‎ - Yes, learn it
‎He 's a standard southerner‎ Would he speak like that?
‎ - No‎ - Ding dong dong?
‎ Yes. . .
‎ Similar to . . .


‎ Lawyers come in, lunatics out

‎ I really need that call center‎ Of course, Kevin
‎ - Wait, are you imitating me? ‎ - Yes, that 's you
‎ Yes, go on

‎ Well, I won 't let him take my man‎ Can 't do it


‎ Xiao Jin, I want you to deal with it as soon as possible, you know?


‎ - But Kevin . . . ‎ - whatever you do
‎ I don 't like to wait‎ Never will, never will
‎ Focus is on breaking ground and erecting more statues
‎ Xiaojin, you go get him now
‎ wah wah wah
‎ how?
‎ Kevin?
‎ What 's the matter, Kim?
‎ Do you want to take a shower with me?

‎ ok
‎ I would







‎ No way to make international calls here












‎ thank you






‎ Hello? ‎ Do you know who I am? ‎ How are you feeling? Should be better, right?

‎ You do everything for a reason
‎ Why am I here?
‎ It 's inconvenient to say now




‎ What 's the matter?
‎ Sir, please pay attention to your steps, stop!
‎ - what? ‎ - please stay outside the grid
‎ What network?
‎ is the area marked by the stakes‎ Please do not step in
‎ How 's it going, Doctor?
‎ At first glance‎ I think the fragments may be contemporary
‎ want to know
‎ But we have to do a systematic property survey‎ to confirm
‎ True or false? is this necessary?
‎ - I 'm afraid so‎ - How long will this take?
‎ - a day or two, up to a week‎ - a week?
‎ please, you know those things‎ were put by this guy
‎ It 's the exact same thing as the house number‎ It 's happening again!
‎ No, that was an unintentional fault, this is the law!
‎ - Who said that? ‎ - New Mexico Cultural Property Law


‎ no
‎ You 're not going to dance with it, are you?

‎ I have to get on the phone







‎ sorry to disturb
‎ He 's going to sue on behalf of the plumbing district
‎ Plumbing District? ‎ Xiaodai, you are good at management

‎ He claims the original land grant of 1846 was flawed
‎ Too exaggerated
‎ Pat, you 'd better put other cases on hold
‎ He claims our prime contractor‎ is an escaped felon
‎Did you make a mistake?
‎ Ai Wen, I 'll leave this to you





‎ ( Tucumcari Customer Service Center is coming soon! )
‎ (Mesa Verde Bank Trust)
‎ - I can see Ursa Minor‎ - That 's Ursa Major
‎ yes
‎ Right here, is that Orion?
‎ No, that 's a satellite




‎ Police Officer, Excessive Radiation
‎ We are taking soil samples‎ Do I need to ask more?
‎ I 'm going . . .
‎ you know
‎ Safety comes first‎ Okay, got it

‎ in condition
‎ I 've always enjoyed listening to your radio shows
‎ I never thought I 'd witness a miracle
‎ That 's right, Tucumcari‎ 5 4 down

‎ Lots of parking spaces‎ Thank you! ‎ I am a long-time loyal listener, but this is the first time I have listened to it
‎ ( church bus )
‎ I see
‎ hello ma 'am




‎ What is your name?





‎ (Tucumkari Desert Miracle)
The death
‎ The crowd has gradually decreased
‎ The image of the side of the house is also slowly fading
‎ Tomorrow we will have extra guards to stop parking
‎ answer me
‎ Since it is said that the radiation exceeds the standard there, why is Ike still in the house?
‎ That 's actually an OSHA problem
‎ They are worried about the workers‎ The radiation index is safe‎ We should be able to continue construction on Thursday
‎ As long as no other problems arise

‎ Kim, explain to me
‎ This is obviously all about forcing us back to the negotiating table
‎ Putting us at a disadvantage when negotiating
‎ We have to take back the lead
‎ I think we 'll just sue back ‎ sue Ike, sue Goodman ‎ and attack them
‎ It 's going to take years
‎ They Know Mesa Verde Will Lose ‎ Time is in their favor
‎ You are right

‎ Ricky, do you have anything to add?
‎ maybe
‎ What if there was a way to turn things around?
‎ You don 't build a call center‎ or at least not at that location
‎ In a blink of an eye, you are at the edge‎ No more delays
‎ The other person will keep spending ‎ but cannot make up for their expenses

‎ Wait, so... . .
‎ how?
‎ I know of a viable alternative
‎ You change the cover and you win

‎Wait, didn 't we release the other piece of land?
‎ Land number 2 3 7 5 is still empty‎ Our license also applies
‎ We can still achieve the goal of covering the operation of the customer service center

‎ We did the math for you first
‎ Financial losses are negligible




‎ - My dad didn 't teach me to run or flee‎ - Kevin, we didn 't say . . .
‎ I 'm not going to turn around and let a low-level court babe bully me on my land
‎ Excuse me, Kim‎ He has a lawyer‎ I have a room full of top lawyers

‎ we 're going to do it
‎ You go find a way to drive them out of my land
‎ That call center won 't move an inch!



‎ you tried your best
‎ - Is it? ‎ - yeah
‎ You 've done enough for that old bastard
‎ Too much to do
‎ - you should relax ‎ - you think so
‎ Ike isn 't worth what you do for him
‎ let 's be honest
‎ Bringing me in is a failure
‎ In case someone finds out . . .
‎ You took a lot of risk for this person

‎Listen, today next week‎ Ike 's going to live somewhere else
‎ Is this really that important?
‎ Besides, Mesa Verde is your bread and butter
‎ You can 't push them too hard

‎ There is always a way

‎ But the rational thing to do now is to close the case
‎ give him some money
‎ You open champagne with other winners‎ and smile like real
‎ Would you like a beer? I 'm going to get
‎ Or what?


Good rice?
‎ There is really no reason to continue this
‎ not worth it

‎ Or what? ‎ or
‎ Let 's start with Kevin Wartel
‎ Against him, the scene will be ugly
‎ can also be dangerous





‎ good
‎ good
‎ - Hello? ‎ - Hey, it 's me
‎ - yes‎ - very good
‎ I have a job for you‎ Listen to me first, because it 's a good thing
‎ Sorry, I seem to have heard an echo
‎ Are you in a tunnel or . . ?
‎ yes
‎ What?
‎ Yes, I 'm in the tunnel
‎ good
‎ Anyway, this is not the same as the previous one
‎ This is pure enemy research
‎ Lawyers hire private investigators, you say?

‎ Are you going back to being a lawyer? ‎ Yes, totally legal
‎ Did I mention good pay?
‎ - I 'm not free‎ - What did you say?
‎ don 't







Taita
‎ delicious
‎ thank you







‎ Really



‎ take your time
‎ You don 't have to do that
‎ Don 't be so stubborn
‎ It 's okay, I 'm fine, thank you




‎ Where did you find this person?
‎ Same place as Huey
‎ So it 's kind of like . . . ‎ an underground classifieds network?
‎ He knows some people
‎ a certain type of person
‎ - He 's low key‎ - He has to



‎ here he comes
‎ It 's okay, you look

‎ ( Daytime Nail Art)





‎ I thought I was going to a law firm
‎ This is a law firm‎ Understand

‎ Gisele, this is Mr. X

‎ My work name
‎ That thing has a bunch of parasites
‎ I see, the conference room is in the back
‎ - good‎ - good


‎ - I did a full inventory as requested‎ - What 's the result?
‎ Nothing, that person is too clean
‎ Impossible, everyone will have something‎ Shameful things‎ Not this time
‎ He 's a six-figure Eagle Scout after all

‎ What about arrest records?


‎ DUI
‎ Homecoming Week
‎ 3 4 years ago, is this what you 're looking for?
‎ Where 's your girlfriend? Overseas account?
‎ No secret bank account‎ No extra cell phone, lunch appointments‎ No mistress, no white face
‎ This guy is as boring as  'Saturday Night in Salt Lake City '
‎ sorry, but your work‎ ​​sounds a little superficial
‎ 'Superficial'?
‎ yes
‎ It 's a long way, but I 've done my homework
‎ I did a self-guided trip to his place
‎ - Includes seven bedrooms, four and a half bathrooms‎ - etc.
‎ You mean you broke into his house?
‎ Giselle, this may be an industry trick
‎ you may want to focus on the 'result' ‎ omit the 'process' ‎ I wonder


‎ His security system‎ The sensors in the upstairs windows are sharp
‎ My gun touched it several times
‎ is a BB gun
‎ The siren was driving the housekeeper crazy‎ So I wore work clothes and a toolbox‎ and showed up with my security company ID
‎ She 'd love to let me hang around in the house
‎ So you agree?
‎ - Okay, so what do you go in and find? ‎ - Like I said, nothing‎ can 't be nothing, okay? we want details
‎ Do you want details? Okay
‎ I have details



‎ That 's a home office
‎ It took me four extra minutes to open the floor safe
‎ Only the insurance policy, a few rings‎ and a 50 cent dollar coin
‎ He 's old school and doesn 't have a computer
‎ Motel art on the walls‎ Documents on the table‎ What kind of documents?

‎ See for yourself
‎ I may not be a nail salon lawyer‎ but I know what is legal
‎ Are you going to take back the word 'superficial' now?
‎ Do you think you can break into his downtown office? ‎ Of course you can
‎ But there is a better way‎ What?
‎ I have two companions
‎ They know what to do
‎ We approach the target in an unmarked SUV
‎ Caught him, threw him in a bag, and took him to the desert
‎None of your business‎ In the end, whatever you want‎ the banker will give you, right?
‎ - none of your business‎ - no . . .
‎ - Guaranteed to get what you want‎ - All right, Sergeant Slaughter, let 's go back to the paintball field‎ Your lord wants to speak, let 's go
‎ It 's okay, I 'm just giving you options
‎ Ok, this way please, get out of the gift shop
‎ - ok‎ - please don 't touch anything
‎ - I won 't, I tell you . . . ‎ - I know you . . .












‎ I don 't know what to say‎ I will complain to the manager about the clown‎ The person I usually look for is very reliable

‎ for what? What 's wrong?




‎ (Passbook, Albuquerque, NM‎ 1958)
‎ Are you free?
‎ Of course
‎ Is everything okay?
‎ ok, a little busy‎ still dealing with Tucumcari 's situation
‎ What about nonprofit clients?
‎ all ok

‎ Is something wrong?
‎Listen, I 'm thinking‎ You can let Mesa Verde go for a while
‎ Let go?
‎ There are two mineral rights complaints coming in‎ They named you responsible
‎ You can split your time‎ to deal with those and nonprofit clients
‎ - Mesa Verde is my client‎ - They are still
‎ I take over, only temporarily
‎ Of course, it won 't affect your salary
‎ Including your bonus
‎ Mesa Verde is well aware of any potential conflict
‎ Kevin personally signed
‎ But I still think you need a break

‎ - I don 't understand why you think that? ‎ - Is it?

‎ Xiaojin, sometimes it 's better to talk less
‎ - Why? ‎ - Must say?
‎ Yes, definitely

‎ okay
‎ In the beginning, I had to hold you in custody‎ before you would go to Tucumcari for deportation
‎ Later, you were all in a hurry to mark people‎ and asked Kevin to change locations.
‎ That trick didn 't work, and inexplicably, your boyfriend became the other party 's lawyer
‎ I told you ‎ I explained it to Kevin and Peggy
‎ Yes, I know you have ‎ I 'm sorry to say that too, I don 't believe it






‎ Ricky? Wait a minute, what are you trying to say?
‎ - Come into my office to talk‎ - You are accusing me
‎ despite saying it
‎ You 're going to call me dereliction of duty? Violating client interests? ‎ Or what?
‎ - Please‎ - Ricky, you say
‎ You know I fought so hard to get in here‎ You know
‎ - Yes, I know ‎ - Then you tell me
‎ Please tell me why I risk losing everything for a ‎ tyrant
‎ Why? I don 't understand‎ Are you trying to protect the company? against whom?
‎ Xiaojin, I am not trying to protect the company‎ I am trying to protect you
‎ I don 't need your protection‎ I need to represent my clients

‎You want to be like this























‎ What are you looking for from me?
‎ I think it 's best not to let Mrs. Cortassar know about our relationship‎ I want to try my best to not get my career involved here

‎ You look better ‎ I 'm glad
‎ So I 'm here‎ to show me how good you are?
‎ you throw money at these people‎ and they bow down to you
‎ To the people here‎ I 'm just a friend of the doctor
‎ They don 't know‎ You 're funding the whole place
‎ I prefer it this way‎ Anonymous Philanthropist
‎ It must make you feel good

‎ Is this a balance?
‎ to make up for other things you do?
‎ it has nothing to make up for
‎ I am who I am
‎ What the hell is this place?
‎ Just treat it as a souvenir
‎ Remember what?


‎ I already said what you can do with money
‎ You should understand the cues‎ So what the hell are we doing?
‎ I think you 've come to a crossroads
‎ You can continue living your life
‎ drinking alcohol, estranged from family
‎ Fighting with street gangsters‎ You and I know how it will end
‎ - Is it? ‎ - You have other options‎ Be your minion
‎ I 'm fighting, I need soldiers
‎ Want me to work for one drug lord‎ Kill other drug lords?
‎ This is the choice you say
‎ You should be well aware that you have seen them
‎ You know who they are
‎ You mean the Salamanca family
‎ Are you very different from them?
‎ That 's right
‎ I am different

‎ Why are you looking for me?
‎ Because I believe you know
‎ Know what?
‎ revenge




‎ Subtitle translation: ‎ Wu Yanzhen
