0 0 : 0 0 : 0 3 , 3 9 0 - - &gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 0 5 , 6 4 0 We are now looking for the No owwe  ' relookingfortwobinomi als to multiply the two to get the second of the given trinomial The term thatmultiplytogettheg iventrinomial .
Whenever I wasn 't intellectually challenged When I wasn 't beingchallengedintel lectually, my brain was always more than happy to meet my needs mybrainwasmorethanhap pytostepupandaccommod ate.

As if the perfect playmate in my skull I twaslike having the perf ectplaymateinmyskull .
The Chief Cosmic Background Explorer satellite began to spin uncontrolled S ir , the COBE satellite isgoingintoa nuncontrolledspin .
Solve the problem, S ofixit!
Can 't Solve Our Computer Programs Were Not Designed to We Can  't . Ourcomputerprogramswer en  'tdesigned
Deal with the messy system tohandleachaoticsystem. Damn if someone could figure out how to turn D arnit! I fondlysomeonecould calculate themaneuver

Just let it stabilize again and makeitstableagain!
Indeed someone T hereissomeone.
That 's me A ndit  ' sme .
You are just a kid You  'rejustakid . One who knows how to join an X cubed number A kidwhoknowstoaddanx - cubedterm
Into the simple harmonic oscillator man toasimpleharmonicosci llator. If you unfold the solar panel one meter I fyouextendthesolarpan elbyonemeter,
You can save this artificial satellite you  ' llsaveyoursatellite . Hear what he said and do Youheardhim .
D o   i t !
Sheldon S heldon ?
Sheldon S heldon ? Did you listen to anything I said Wereyoupayingattention toanything I said ?

Yes Yes .
Then what did I say Then what  ' d I say ? When factoring a trinomial W henfactoringatrinomia l If the leading coefficient is not 1 wheretheleadingcoeffi cientisn  ' tone ,
must be written in descending order itmustbewrittenindesc endingorder
Write from highest power to lowest power fromhighestpowertolowestpower .
Well you got it right Well . . . yeah .

You can save the artificial satellite You  ' llsaveyoursatellite .
Hear what he said. Be Youheardhim.
D o   i t !


Successfully stabilized the artificial satellite I tworked .
T h e   s a t e l l i t e   i s   s t a b l e !
Great Yes !

Thank you for the childT hanks , kid .
You saved my life Youreallysavedmybottom .
Say 'You 're welcome' Tellyourbottom , ' I t  ' swelcome .'
♪ ♪ No one in the world is stronger than me♪ ♪ No bodyelseisstrongerth an I am ♪ ♪ Yesterday I moved a mountain♪ ♪ Y esterday I movedamountaun ♪ ♪ I believe I can be your hero♪ ♪ I bet I couldbeyourhero ♪
♪ I 'm an amazing little guy ♪ ♪ I amamightylittleman ♪
♪ I 'm an amazing little guy ♪ ♪ I amamightylittleman ♪
juvenile
Shelton
Bless our appetite body and soul A ndblessourappetites , both physical and spiritual , we honor you tohonor Youinallwedo .
In Jesus name In J esus  ' name .
What about the former 'Bless those who prepared this meal' set W hathappenedto ' B lessthehandsthatprepa redit ' ?
I think it 's okay to take turns saying I thought I  'dmixitup .
I love the old set I misstheoldone .
Me too , too . Yeah the reason I liked the original set is . . .
Y e a h ,   w h a t   I   l i k e   a b o u t   t h e   o t h e r   o n e . . .
Bless also whoever prepared this meal A ndblessthehandsthatpr eparedit.
- Amen - Amen - A men .
- A men . How are you all today S o , howwaseverybody  ' sday ?
I 've had enough of high school I 'mdonewithhighschool.
What do you mean What does that mean ? I didn 't learn anything in high school Well , I don  ' t learn anything there ,
I don 't want to go either and I don  ' twanttogoanymore . Where do you want to go Well , wheredoyouthinkyou  ' regonnago ?

Wherever he wants to go. W hocares ?
Lethimgo. Shh you say Shh.
Well ? I have been in correspondence with Dr. John Sturgis
He teaches at East Texas Tech University at East T exas Tech . He said I could audit his class He esaid I couldaudithis course .
Are you pen pals with strangers? You  ' repenpalswithastrange r ?
I s   t h i s   o k a y ?
He is no stranger, he is the well-known scientist He 'snostranger.
He  ' safamousscientist . He carbon-dated He carbon - datedtholdest humanfe ces , the oldest human feces.
It 's no surprise that T hatain  ' tstrange .
Shelly I 'm so glad you have this curiosity Now , Shelly , I appreciatethatyouwant toexpandyourhorizons ,
but how do you get to that school but how would you even get there ?
The school is an hour 's drive from here Theschool  ' sanhouraway .
I 'm going to work, and your dad 's going to work, too. I 'mworking, yourdad 'sworking.
Say it again, let him go to A gain, whocares?
L e t   h i m   g o .
He can hitchhike on the road H couldhitchhike .
Perfect. Once a week only I t  'sonlyonedayaweek,
I had hoped that my grandma would take me there and I washoping M eemawcouldtakeme .
I 'm going to start having dinner at my own house I 'mgonnastarteatingdinn eratmyhouse.
You better make big money later Youbetter make wholelot of money
Take care of me when I am old and take care of me when I  ' mold .
I 'm not interested in money I 'm notinterestedinmoney.I 'm interested in the pursuit of knowledgeI 'minterestedinthepursu itofknowledge.
You say this to a T hatisthewrongthingtos aytosomeone who sacrificed Friday night to be your driver whoisspendingher F ridaynightasyourchauf feur .
Did you know that the word driver comes from the French 'stoker' Didyouknowthewordchauf feuris F renchfor 'stoker,' because the earliest cars were steam powered because the firstautomo bilesweresteam-powered, and the driver had to burn a boiler and thedriverhadtostok etheengine?

Look at why I bother to drive you to college Rightthere . W hyam I drivingyoutocollege You already know everything whenyoualreadyknoweve rything ?

I didn 't know everything I didn  ' tknoweverything , but compared to my grandma 's friends who played water aerobics butcomparedtoherfrien dsatwateraerobics ,
It 's no surprise that she would feel that way. I couldseehowitfeltthat way.
Your classroom has arrived O kay , thisisyou .
Good luck G oodluck .
Aren 't you going to accompany me in and arrange me properly? A ren  ' tyougoingtowalkmeinan dgetmesituated ?
Yes of course Oh , yes , ofcourse . This way, please, Your Royal Highness, Rightthisway, myprince.

Why are they all looking at us W hyaretheyall looking at us ?
I think they are looking at you I think they  ' relookingatyou .
Hello everyone Oh .
H e l l o .

Come and sit down T hereyougo .
Is everything in order O kay , youallsituated ?
Yes, it should be all right. I believeo , yes .
I 'm waiting outside the classroom I 'llberightoutside. Are you sure you don 't want to stay A reyousureyoudon 'twanttostay to learn about quantum chromodynamics and learnaboutquantumc hromodynamics?
Did you tell me nonstop fun all the way home? A ndspoilthefunofyoutel lingmeallaboutitonthe ridehome?
Then how can Noway .
You are so smart Smart .
That was my grandma T hat  ' smymeemaw .

- is he really ours - thanks - He  ' sreallyours ?
The movie 'Rocky 2' - Thankyou .
Don 't be so hard people are you Oh, comeon, youdoneallthework. Adrienne I can 't believe you did it all A drian, I can ' tbelieveyoudonethis.
Can you help me Can you helpme ?
Help With what ?
I can 't write homework I don  ' tunderstandmyhomework .
Why are you asking me You  'reakingme ?
I can 't even understand my homework I don  ' tunderstandmyownhomework ork .
I know but I have no one else to ask I know , but you  ' reall I got .
What kind of homework is this Whatkindofhomeworkisit?
Grammar Grammar .
My grammar is not good either I ain ' tgreatwithgrammar .
Grammar is talking. We both speak well. Well , grammar  ' sjusttalking , and webothtalkgood .
Maybe show me I guess .
G i m m e .
In the following sentences you have to judge T here  ' salistofsentences , andyou  ' resupposedtosay
Which sentence is a complete sentence ifeachone  ' sacompletesentenceorn ot .
The first sentence is Thefirstoneis,
'Mostpeopleinthecountry' 'Mostpeopleinthecountry'
This doesn 't feel like a sentence T hatdoesn  ' tsoundlikeasentence .
But you ask me who drives a pickup truck B utaskmewhodrivespicku ptrucks .
Who Drives W hodrivespickuptrucks?
Most people in the country .
Sounds like a full sentence now Well, nowitdoessoundlikeone.
I told you it 's easy to get confused I told you , it  ' sconfusing . I can 't help you I can  ' thelpyou .



Do you think the two of us are stupid Doyouthinkwe  ' restupid ?
Sheldon  ' sincollegerightnow ,
And neither of us can figure out your homework and wecan  ' tfigureoutyourhomework .
What do you think Whatdoyouthink ? Sometimes I tell myself S ometimes I tellmyself I only lookstupid I 'm stupid because he 's too smart because he  ' ssosmart .


Give me the book G ivemethebook .
Don 't sit here and make me a sandwich D on  ' tjustsitthere , makemeasandwich .
Comingup soon.
- hello- hello- hello. - hello.
Sorry to bother but is your pattern a double basket weave F orgiveme , butisthatpatternadoub lebasketweave ?
Probably U m , I supposeso .
I call it 'loop circle circle circle' I  ' vealwaysjustcalledita ' L oop - loopwhoopsie - do . '
Really great Well , it  ' sveryimpressive .
Do you knit D oyouknit ? No but I always find it interesting N o , butit  ' salwaysintriguedme .
You may not believe Be elieveitornot , but the world 's first computer was a loom, the first computer was oom.

Really I sthatso ?
Yes I tis .
Well Well , okay . Okay Okay .
I 'm sorry. Well , ifyou  ' llexcuseme , uh ,
I have to teach I haveaclasstoteach . You must be my grandson 's pen pal Oh , youmustbemygrandson  ' spenpal .

What I 'm sorry?
Sheldon Cooper . Thenine - year - old with theflawlesspen manship .
I look forward to meeting him I lookforwardtomeetingh im .
He 's in there and you 'll definitely find him Well, he 's rightinthere.
Y o u   c a n ' t   m i s s   h i m .
He 's just so big. He 'saboutyeabig. Oh.
Will you come to class together A n - A n - A ndwillyoubejoiningus ? Will you talk about quantum chromodynamics in class Willyoubediscussingqua ntumchromodynamics ?
I would certainly hope so.
- Then I think I 'm not going - are you sure - Then I don  ' tthinkso .
- A reyousure ? Every day is a good day to learn something new. E verydayisachancetolea rnsomethingnew.
Can I ask questions Can I askquestions ?
Don 't ask how to learn Well , howelsecanyou learn ?
Then come on Well , let  ' sdoit , then .
My name is John Myname  's John .
My name is Connie And I  'm Connie .
My middle name is Whitney M ymiddlename  ' s W hitney .
A ndnow I know that .
I 'm glad you liked the class Well, I 'msogladyouenjoyedit. Sheldon you 're on your first class S o , S heldon , whatdidyouthink
What are your thoughts on theoretical physics class ofyourfirsttheoretica lphysicsclass ?
I think I will be in this field all my life I think I  ' mgonnadothisfortheres tofmylife .
Good choice G oodchoice . Connie I would love to see you again C onnie , I wouldliketoseeyouagai n .
Maybe there is a chance we can have dinner together P erhapswecouldhavedinn ersometime .
Great we would love Yes , wewouldlovethat .
Will we We ewould ?
Would we be reluctant We ewouldn  't ?
Would you not want to? You wouldn 't ?
We would like to Wewould . Wonderful Excelent .
Miaozai, where are we going to eat E xcellent . S o , where areweeating ?
Okay here to write ' O kay , thissays ' A completesentence
always contains the verb ' alwayscontainsaverb . ' Which is the verb Which  ' saverb ?
'A verb is a word that describes an action' A verbisawordthatdescri besanaction.
I play checkers and you eat spaghetti' I playcheckers.
Y o u   e a t   s p a g h e t t i . "
Our homework sucks We esuckathomework .
The action sucks. Theactionissucking.
The first question on your homework is S o , thefirstoneonyourhome workis ,
' Most people in the country . ' ' Most people in the country . '
I don 't see an action word. I don  ' tseeanactionword . I don 't see N eitherdo I .
Little George I don 't think this is a complete sentenceG eorgie , I don  ' tthinkthisisasentence .
I think you are right I thinkyou  ' reright .
We have to change it now to No ow I justhavetofixit .
Put a verb in it, little girlP utaverbinthere , girl .

I think you might be overthinking it a bit I thinkyoumightbegettin galittleaheadofyourse lf .
I don 't think they were definitely in love I don  ' tthinkso . They  ' reinlove .
As if there is something liketherewassomething inthere other than the cornea and iris otherthancorneasandir ises in the other 's eyes.
Well, if that  ' sthecase , that  ' dbewonderful .
This is more than very good. I t 'dbemorethanwonderful.
If they marry the number of smart people in our family I ftheygetmarried , weimmediatelydouble can instantly double the numberofsmartpeopl einourfamily .
It means from one to two T hatmeanswegofromoneto two .
I don 't need you to explain I got that.

So did you understand any part of it S o , did you understand any of it ? Not a word of N otaword . But he wore a tweed jacket and elbow patches B uthehadonatweedjacket with theelbowpatches ,
At first glance, it is a person who knows what he is talking about. sohemustknowwhathe  ' stalkingabout .
Omg Sheldon is excited Boy , S heldon  ' sfiredup . He loves Oh , helovedit .
He sat there and listened to the lesson for an hour and a half He esatthereforanhourand ahalf happy like a pig rolling in the mud justashappyasapiginpo op .
He also mentioned that you accompany him to class. He mentioned you werepret tyhappy and had a good time about the whole experien ce , too .
I think the old wizard Mr. Well, I guess Mr. r.
Wizarddidtake also likes me abitofashinetome.
What does it mean What  ' sthatmean ?
Means he asked me out for dinner I tmeansheaskedmeouttod inner .
No big deal No obigdeal . Are you going S o , yougoing ?
When have you seen me refuse a free meal W henhaveyouknownmetotu rndownafreemeal ?
It 's really A in  ' tthatthetruth .
You fat buns are too embarrassed to call me S ays the P illsbury D oughboy . It 's true A in  ' tthatthetruth .

I 'm going to get hurt too, okay? I dohavefeelings , y  ' all .


Don 't paint too much D on  ' tputontoomuchofthat . We hope he likes your mind W ewanthimtolike youfory ourmind .
I think I know what I 'm doing in the man field I think I know what I  ' mdoingwhenitcomestome n .
If it 's true then why do you live alone If that 's true, then why do you livealone?
Is there any other problem because my husband died Becausemyhusbanddied .
A n y   o t h e r   q u e s t i o n s ?
He 's at He 'shere! I 'll open the door I 'llgetit.
Seems like I really painted too much Maybethatisabitmuch .


Hello Dr. Sturgis Hello , Dr. S turgis . Hello Sheldon Hello , Sheldon .
Please come in. Grandma is upstairs getting dressed up for a date. C omein. Meemaw ' supstairsgettingready foryourdate.
Wonderful Wonderful.
Your home is so warm Oh , my , thisisalovelyhouse .
Can 't you imagine you live here I sn  ' tit ?
C a n   y o u   s e e   y o u r s e l f   l i v i n g   h e r e ?   我 就 能   I   c a n .
The following information should help you in your pursuit of Grandma. Herearesomethingsyoumi ghtfindhelpfulabout Meemaw . Her favorite color is purple. Herfavoritecolorispurp le ,
Her favorite ice cream is mint chocolate herfavoriteicecream : mintchip ,
Her favorite food is Mexican food andherfavoritefoodis M exican . Miao Zai is very useful Excelent .
G o o d   t o   k n o w .
She likes gambling and bowling especially like me S helovesgambling , bowling , and especiallyme .
You can 't talk too much about me. You can 'ttalkenoughaboutme .
Tell me more about you Tell me more about you .
My favorite color is blue M yfavoritecolorisblue .
I 'm Mine too, too. - My favorite ice cream is vanilla - great - M yfavoriteicecream : vanilla .
-   G o o d   m a n .
My favorite food is spaghetti with hotdogs M yfavoritefood : spaghettiwithhotdogsc utupinit .
I 've never eaten I ' veneverhad that.
What 's your favorite food What  ' syourfavoritefood ? Grilled cheese sandwich G rilled cheese . What about the risk of mout hburn ?
That 's a great excuse to eat vanilla ice cream I t ' saperfectexcuseforvan illaicecream .
If you want to propose tonight I will bless you I fyouwanttoproposetoni ght , youhavemyblessing .
Hello, handsome guys. Hello, boys.
Hello Connie , Connie .
This is Hereforyou for you.
Thank you this flower is so beautiful A w , thankyou .
T hey  ' rebeautiful . Some of them are purple S omeofthemarepurple .
It is indeed Sotheyare .
I 'll go and put the flowers in the water I should probably get  ' emintosomewater .
I come to I candothat .
You two start courting Y outwobeginyourcourtsh ip .
- 小Cookie- What 's the matter- Moonpie . - Yes ?
Go home to Gohome .
So you guys can start courting understand S oyoucanbeginthecourts hip , gotit .
Go Go!
Dr Sturgis Dr.
S t u r g i s ,
I want you to know that I am so happy I justwantyoutoknow I couldn  ' tbemorepleased .

I 'll go and put the flowers Well, letmetakecareofthese, and then we 'll go andthenwe 'llheadout.
I need to borrow your phone to call a taxi I justneedtoborrowyourp honetocallacab .
why ?
I don 't drive I don  ' tdrive .
So how did you come to Well , how didyougethere ?
I rode my bike from I rodemybicycle. Do you ride your bike Yourodeyourbicycle?
I have a Schwinn speed bike I havea Schwinn Speedster .
There are three gears but I only use one It 'sgotthreegears. I onlyuseone.
So why don 't we drive my car I tellyouwhat, howaboutwetakemycar?
Miaozai Excelent .
Do you mind if I sit in the backseat S o , wouldyoubeopposedtome sitting in the backseat ?
According to statistics, it is the safest seat on the car.
Actually I mind Actually , I would .
A skedandanswered.


george close


Missy Cooper One Hundred

Did you cry after seeing D idyoucrywhenyousawit ?
There is no No .
Why don 't you cry Why hynot ?
Because it 's no big deal  'Causeitain ' tthatbigadeal.
Well Okay.



Did you hang your exam papers on the wall D idyouhangitonyourwall ?
Get the hell out of here!
I 'm going to tell everyone you cried I 'mtellingpeopleyoucrie d.
Do you like guacamole Doyoulikeguacamole? I don 't know I don 'tknow.
We don 't have much Mexican food over there in Maine. Beingfrom Maine , wedidn  ' thavemuch M exicanfood .
There are not many Mexicans, not many O r M exicanpeople.
Orpeople. It 's just mashed avocados and you should love I t ' sjustmashedupavocados.
I thinkyou  ' dlikeit . And they smashed it at the table A ndtheydoitrighthereat thetable .
Is there no room in the kitchen? D idtheyrunoutofroomint hekitchen?
No, it 's like a show No o , it  ' s - it  ' slike , youknow , ashow .
- Like Safflower Teppanyaki Restaurant - That 's right - Like Benihana . - E xactly . This restaurant has shows interspersed during the cooking process
I don 't like Safflower Restaurant I don  ' tlike Benihana . - Let 's stop eating guacamole - no - L et  ' sskiptheguacamole . - No o, no .
You like and I want this date Youlikeit , and I want thisdate
Can make you like so order tobeappealingtoyou , solet  ' sorderit .
Okay O kay. I may or may not like I mightenjoyit.
I mightnot .
I heard you also like to gambleWhich , uh , I  ' mgiventounderstandyou alsolike .
That little traitor told you all, didn 't you Oh , that littleratjusttold youeverything , didn  ' the ?
Don 't be embarrassed, I like to gamble occasionally D on  ' tfeelbad , I enjoyalittlegamblingn owandthen .
Really Doyou ?
I sat in the dangerous co-pilot when you were driving didn 't I? I satinyourfrontseat , didn  ' t I ?
Good I made you laugh Good , I madeyoulaugh .
To be honest I wasn 't trying to be funny F ulldisclosure , I wasn  ' ttryingtobefunny .
Nor is it a joke S tillnottrying.



Will they come back in a while. They  ' renotgonnabebackforaw hile .
Go to bed Gotobed ​​.
I can 't sleep I won  ' tbeabletosleep . I didn 't tell you to sleep I  ' mnottellingyoutogotos leep ,
I 'm telling you to go to bed I 'mtellingyoutogotobed.
Do you think they 'll have a relationship tonight Youdon  ' tthinkthey  ' llhaverelationstonigh t , doyou ?
Now I 'm going to tell you to go to bed No ow I  ' mtellingyoutogotoslee p .
John, have you ever been married S o , John , youeverbeenmarried ?
no No .
E verbeeninlove ?
Seven times S eventimes . Seven times ah S eventimes ?
Then why haven 't you become a home Howcomeyouneversettled down ?
My feelings are not answered Well , myfeelingswerenotreci procated .
So sad Well, that  ' ssosad .
They didn 't feel bad. Notforthem. They all seemed happy with the ending. Theyallseemedpleasedwi ththeoutcome.
Especially number four E specially number four .
She said she escaped the disaster S hesaidshedodgedabulle t .
The first date said this is very brave T hatisaverybravethingt osayonafirstdate .
why ?
If there is a second date I will tell you again I fthere  ' saseconddate , I  ' lltellyou .
Do I have a chance to date you a second time? I haveachanceatasecondd ate ?
This is going really well T hisisgoingverywell .
Try the guacamole T rytheguacamole .
No , no , no .
W i t h   a   c h i p .
Well Okay.
Eat Likethis like this.

That 's right T hereyougo .

Then how do you eat the burritos Now , howdochimichangaswork ?
I don 't know I havenoidea.
We should try it out. Well, I think we should try and find out.

How 's it going How  ' ditgo ? Oh !
W h a t   t h e   h e l l ?
I want to know how your date is going I wantedtoknowhowyourda tewent ,
I 'm tired of watching you sleep and I gotboredwatchingyousl eep .
How long have you been here Howlonghaveyoubeenther e ?
6 7 minutes 6 7 minutes .
Hurry up and tell me Now, tellmeeverything.
Go away let me sleep Goaway . Let mesleep .
Okay O kay . But before I go , should I beworried
isn 't he in your bed he  ' snotinyourbed ?
Get out! Get out!
I sincerely hope you treat him better than me I certainlyhopeyouweren icertohim .
Go Out ! Will you see him again S o , areyougonnaseehimagai n ?
I can 't say good I don  ' tknow .
He rides to my house 's Heshowedupatmyhouseona bike .
L ikea Harley ?
Is it the Schwinn bicycle L ikea S chwinn . Is it the kind of bicycle you pedal?
There is a bell on the handlebars of a standard bicycle With ithajinglebellonthehan ndlebarandeverything .
Pretty cute Well , that  ' skindofcharming .
He can 't drive Hedoesn 'tknowhowtodriveacar.
Also don 't want to know how to drive D oesn  'twanttoknow . Well not so cute anymore O kay , alittlelesscharming .
He has a quality T here  ' ssomethingabouthim .
He 's smart and gentle and funny I mean , he  ' ssmartashell , andgentleandfunny .
Not necessarily intentionally funny but still funnyN otalwaysonpurpose , buthe  ' sfunny .
I have never seen someone like him I nevermetanybodylikehi m .
Sounds like Sheldon S oundslike S heldon . Why would you N ow , whywouldyougo
put that thought into my mind and put that thoughttinmy mind ?
I think you should give him another chance Well , I thinkyoushouldgivehim anothertry .
I agree with Mom I agree with M om .
Sheldon S heldon !

No. Oh, no.


I had a great time last night and hope to see you again John Sturgis
Now we can discuss S o , nowwecandiscuss
What are the perturbative quantum chromodynamic corrections to the radius vector axis whattheperturbative QCD corrections to R - barlooklike .
You can also write it as S o , youcanalsowriteitas ' R ' Divide ' R ' by the length of the radius ' R ' divided by the length of ' R . ' to get the unit length . . .
T h a t   w o u l d   b e   a   v e c t o r
A vector ofunitlength . . .
with radius ' R ' . . . . . parallel . . . parallel to ' R . '

Sorry I just said where I  ' msorry , wherewas I ?
Divide ' R ' by the length of the radius ' R ' ' R ' Dividedbythelengthof ' R .'
That would be a vector of unit length parallel to the radius ' R ' Thatwouldbeavectorofun itlengthparallelto ' R . ' Yes thank you Oh , yes . T hankyou .
So if you divide ' R ' by the length of the radius ' R ' S o , ifyoudivide ' R ' by the lengthof ' R , '
will give you unit length . . . thatwouldbeavector . . .
A vector with . . . ofunitlengthparallel . . .
parallel . . . to . . .
I think you 'd better go out first I thinkyouneedtoleave.
Then S o . . . when we divide ' R ' by the radius length ' R ' when wedivide ' R ' B ythelengthof ' R , '
would result in a vector of unit length thatwouldbeavectorofu nitlength with radius ' R ' parallel to ' R .'




Sir bad news Sir , badnews . Don 't tell me there 's another D on  ' ttellme .
T h e r e ' s   a n o t h e r   p r o b l e m
We are not smart enough to solve problems we  ' renotsmartenoughtosol ve ?
It is the satellite liquid helium that vaporizes it quickly - - theliquidheliumisboilingoff .
How could this happenW ell , whytheheckwouldthatha ppen ?
I 'll tell you I 'lltellyouwhy.
The sun must be reflected by the solar panel Thesunmustbeglintingof fthesolarpanel shines on the dewar andhittingthedewar.
Why don 't you know this Why hydidn  ' tyuknowthat ?
I 'm a rubbish sir I  ' madisappointment , sir .
We must calculate all We eneed to calculate allth e E ulerangles
The Euler angles that would cause the sun to hit liquid helium that would cause thesunt ohittheliquidhelium .
Can you figure it out in time for Canyoudoitintime ?
I can with my new friend John Sturgis I can with my new friend , D r .
John S turgis . Hello everyone .

Hello Hi .
He is going to marry my grandma He  ' sgonnamarrymymeemaw .
I bought her a bicycle I bought herabicycle .
It 's a purple bicycle. A purple bicycle. Purple feels like true love.
S o u n d s   l i k e   l o v e   t o   m e .

Mr. Cooper Mr. Cooper?!
Are you listening attentively? A reyoupayingattention ? I already know this I already know this. Have you already known this Youknowthis ?
But they won 't so please go on Buttheydon  ' t , sobyallmeans , continue .
