












0 0 : 0 0 : 4 2 , 5 8 4 - - &gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 4 4 , 0 4 4
‎ I will force you
‎ Don 't make trouble




















‎ hey
‎ I have news for him, if he is still interested



‎ NETFLIX Original Series‎ What 's so funny?
‎ (Pauls restaurant fire ruled to be arson)

‎ - you won 't understand‎ - ok
‎ OK, that 's what you do
‎ You take Route 25 south to Las Cruces‎ From there take Route 10 west
‎ Write it down, it 's complicated
‎ Take Route 10 west in Las Cruces
‎ There is a state road 146 shortly after Deming
‎ Follow the directions to Antelope Well‎ until the 2 2 3 mile sign
‎ From there, get off the dirt road and drive 30 miles south
‎ - 30 miles on a dirt road? ‎ - Deserts are less populated, you know? ‎ It 's actually 3 1:6 miles
‎ So remember to use that short range odometer
‎ Anyway, when you get there, you 'll see a well
‎ Very old well, it is broken‎ What does this well look like? ‎ Just like a well, there is only one
‎ - Can you see it on the road? ‎ - You 'll see, don 't worry
‎ My cousin will go there with the money to find you‎ 9 am
‎ - you 'll like them, good boy ‎ - I think so too

‎ Hey, I have an idea, why not make your cousins
‎ Bring money directly here?
‎ Cut out the middleman
‎ Yes, the problem is
‎ This whole thing has to be low key, understand?
‎ There are some people, let 's just say my competitors‎ They want to keep me here
‎ So my cousin goes into town‎ and those people will notice
‎ What about Nachuwaga? ‎ Will your competitors notice him?
‎ He looks very clever‎ Ignatius, you say?
‎ Yes, he is good for a lot of things
‎ But bring seven million?
‎ That kind of person gets stupid in one fell swoop, you know?
‎ hey, you 're the perfect person to do this‎ you 're nobody
‎ Don 't take offense, but no one will look at you twice
‎ Yes

‎ Listen, maybe you 're not good at this ‎ It 's okay, I get it

‎ You 're great in court, so be it

‎ Thank you for your understanding
‎ Don 't worry
‎ I 'll get someone else to do it
‎ Ok, so it 's none of my business here
‎ I think so
‎ good
‎ I 'll chop these up‎ and
‎ If you still need anything‎ Any legal services . . .
‎ ok . . . I have your number, bye
‎ this stupid thing


‎ One hundred thousand?



‎ Dollars?

‎ - yes‎ - that 's a lot of money
‎ Bring back seven million? ‎ And I 'm the perfect candidate? ‎ That 's actually less than 2 % commission‎ I think it 's reasonable



‎ So it costs 100,000 yuan to drive to the desert?

‎ That 's the price

‎ deal

‎ hey, I 'm back
‎ Very good, I 'll go out right away


‎ Take a shower at night?
‎ Yes, I 'm going out early tomorrow morning


‎ Hey, I hope you 're hungry, I 'm going to make a fajita
‎ - You cook? ‎ - Yes, can 't you?
‎ I bought New Yorker Steak on my way back
‎ Has been marinated for hours with a secret herb spice‎
‎ - Really? ‎ - really
‎ I like to call it 'Old El Paso'
‎ sounds exotic‎ super delicious, just wait and see

‎ I have some business news


‎ Are you a friend of a drug cartel?
‎ not exactly
‎ Maybe

‎ You put him on bail?
‎ Evidence is delivered to the door, I am obliged to use it
‎ Be considerate of my client
‎ When you say you can 't do it‎ I know you 'll find a way
‎ But there is a problem
‎ Remember you have a public defender case
‎ A child was caught smoking marijuana and was kicked out of the house by his parents?
‎ remember‎ you had to drive all the way to his uncle 's house, I remember in Moriarty
‎ To get bail?
‎ Wait, what? So you 're saying you 're going to get bail in Salamanca?
‎ Yes, just further than Moriarty‎ and a little more money
‎ - How much? ‎ - seven
‎ - Seven thousand? ‎ - million
‎ - Seven million? ‎ - yes
‎ You 're going to take seven million from a criminal syndicate?
‎ I know what you 're thinking, but it 's safe
‎ - I drive to the border and come back ‎ - To the border?
‎ Jimmy, you are a lawyer, not a middleman
‎ No amount of money is worth it
‎ - Can 't get his people to get it? ‎ - He trusts me
‎ I 'm his lawyer, that 's all
‎ You don 't have to react so much
‎ - what? ‎ - I went to get the money early in the morning and it was fine
‎ I 'll be home before you
‎ OK, then I 'll go with you
‎ They want me to go alone?
‎ That 's the point‎ The less people know, the safer
‎ - Jimmy, that 's an exaggeration‎ - No, listen, it 's just me, a little old man
‎ Drive my little Suzuki Astin
‎ In Astin 's car history, there has never been a car with more than fifty bucks on it.
‎ So no one will look at me twice
‎ You sound like you are convincing yourself
‎ I 'll be fine, I swear
‎ If I smell anything wrong, I will slip away
‎ I don 't like this
‎ I don 't want you to go


‎ Kim, listen
‎ I swear, okay? i 'll be fine








‎ (Second best lawyer in the world, again)














‎ lawyer
‎ It 's Lalo, Eduardo called me to get the money





‎ I 'll take these to Lalo
‎ You just . . . go away?

‎ That 's okay

‎ good






‎ Seven million in cash in the trunk
‎ Seven million in cash
‎ Take a dollar and use it as pocket money‎ 6,999,000‎ Received really bad
‎ 6,999,000
‎ Ninety-nine dollars in cash in the trunk‎ Take one dollar and make a good luck visa‎ 6,999,999 . . .
‎ Nine hundred and ninety-nine. . .
‎ for you


‎ It 's too bad. . .
‎ it 's over
‎ good
‎ I 'll come out, slowly





‎ I think I know what you want‎ in the trunk
‎ OK, take it










‎ What? No, he didn 't mean it that way‎ No, it was a misunderstanding, it was a big . . .

‎ Don 't!






















































‎ Do you have a hit?
‎ - In? ‎ - Did you get shot?

‎ get up
‎ Shot? ‎ you are frightened
‎ you stay here and breathe slowly













‎ hey
‎ You 're still alive, focus on this

‎ you 'll be fine





‎ Get out of the car, the generator hangs
‎ not anymore



‎ Okay, I want you to suck the milk out
‎ Push!



‎Wait! Wait a moment!

‎ for what?
‎ where?













‎ You knew this was going to happen?
‎ I would have brought more people if I had known
‎ Let 's take those back, this way
‎ home in that direction
‎ Someone just drove off
‎ on this road
‎ We gotta get off this road












‎ Big mistake
‎ unnumbered
‎ Thousand Yuan Banknotes
‎ The money will be lighter

‎ hey
‎ How about we take turns playing these tough characters?
‎ Keeping both alive?
‎ okay

‎ - I have an idea, let 's dig a hole‎ - dig a hole?
‎ Yes, get out of here and go back to civilization‎ and drive back to get it
‎ Use more brains, less effort‎ You will never find
‎ I 'll find, because I 'll memorize landmarks
‎ Like this tree? You won 't miss it, that hill is very characteristic
‎ have the shape of a mountain
‎ Yes, it is very different from the dozens of trees on the hillside that we saw along the way
‎ I will remember, I will find this tree



‎ That 's too difficult
‎ If you could dig a hole‎ big enough to fit those two bags of money
‎ You might as well dig a hole for yourself

‎ please, that won 't work
‎ You are wasting your energy
‎ I 'm almost there



‎ useful


‎ stop

‎ Put that away and they 'll see
‎ Remove anything from you that reflects light
‎ - Is that him? ‎ - Yes‎ Looks like they 're doing a carpet search

‎ What does it mean?
‎ Means they found your car











‎ I 'll save for a drink



‎ Hey, why are we camping?
‎ Shouldn 't you just keep going? cooler at night
‎ When you walk outside at night, you 'll fall into a prairie dog 's hole and break your leg






‎ We 're halfway there, right?
‎ coming soon
‎ 'coming soon'






‎ I should have been home a few hours ago ‎ She 'll be worried to death
‎ She 'll just think you 're out there fooling around
‎ No, she won 't
‎ She would think I was cut to pieces‎ and died in some stinky ditch
‎ How could she think that?

‎ You mean she knows what you 're doing?
‎ I don 't know the details
‎ All she knew was that I came to the border to get the money
‎ - You told your girlfriend what you did? ‎ - is my wife
‎ - Wife? ‎ - Yes, wife
‎ congratulations
‎ What do you think your wife would do if she knew this message?
‎ - Call the police? ‎ - no
‎ No? When people are afraid, they call the police‎ is a standard reaction
‎ No, she won 't call the police
‎ Her mother, the best friend of the book club
‎ will definitely call her boss‎ and say her husband is missing
‎ No, she doesn 't do any of those things, okay? she 's not that stupid
‎ She 's just scared to death

‎ Hope you are right

‎ she got it
‎ She 's an insider
‎ What? No, she 's not an insider, okay? ‎ She doesn 't even have an edge
‎ I just told her the truth‎ A little bit of the truth, that 's all


‎ - She 's not an insider‎ - Good







‎ I can 't make a fire, that person may still be out there





‎ I have two, do you want one?
‎ No, thanks
‎ - It 's going to get cold soon‎ - I don 't have to, thanks
‎ whatever you want






‎ - Madam, do you want me to . . . ? ‎ - Yes, please




‎ thank you

‎ I know that I falsely claim to be a member of your legal team
‎ I apologize to you for this
‎ I wouldn 't be here if it wasn 't necessary
‎ I know who you are, who you really are
‎ We have one thing in common
‎ You want to know where your money is‎ I want to find Sal Goodman
‎ As long as you tell me where you sent him ‎ I won 't alarm the authorities and I won 't say it
‎ I will find him and you will get your money





‎ Mr Salamanca
‎Why did he tell you about me?
‎ He did not betray your trust
‎ We are married‎ means I have spousal privileges
‎ I only know what he said to me
‎ No one can force me to discuss‎ As secure as attorney-client privilege
‎ Are you his wife?
‎ yes


‎ So you are his wife
‎ He didn 't come home last night
‎ You 're scared to come here and talk to me
‎Why do you think‎ he didn 't run away with my money?
‎He didn 't run away with your money‎ Maybe‎ He ran away with you
‎ tell me where you sent him‎ I just need to know so much
‎ I don 't think so
‎ Your man, he 's like a cockroach, you know?
‎ Born Survivor
‎ If he 's in trouble, just wait a day ‎ If he 's alive, he 'll show up
‎ Then if he . . . ‎ the day is not bad, right?
‎ Well, nice to meet you, Mrs. Goodman

‎Wait, Mr Salamanca
‎ Done!










‎ Hey, I wouldn 't waste that
‎ Which to waste?
‎ I don 't have enough water for two people



‎ (Davis Mayne LLP)







‎ I want
‎ - No‎ - I still want
‎ No, you still have to... . .


‎ Okay
‎ let 's go



‎Wait, I have an idea




‎ - that doesn 't work that way‎ - it works










‎ Are you going to pick that up?
‎ Which one to pick up?


‎ found
‎ suck





‎ Hey, come on!




‎ Enough, I 'm not leaving
‎ Don 't go!
‎ Don 't go!
‎ quiet
‎ Why? Whether I 'm quiet or loud, I 'll die in this desert
‎ Early death and early birth

‎ - get up‎ - don 't
‎ I 'm not leaving
‎ I 'm not leaving
‎ The whole body is in pain
‎ gosh, I 'm dying of thirst
‎ You need to drink water
‎ Why? So they can find a corpse with a mouth full of piss?
‎ That won 't happen, get up

‎ hurry up



‎ gosh, no, how did you . . .
‎ How can you keep going?
‎ Because I know why I 'm here
‎ I know what I 'm drawing
‎ I can 't carry that money alone
‎ So you gotta get up, get up
‎ What are you drawing?
‎ I have someone
‎ someone is waiting for me
‎ They don 't know what I do‎ Never will
‎ They are protected‎ but I do this to give them a better life
‎I 'm alive or dead‎ It doesn 't matter to me
‎ As long as they have what they need
‎ So when I die‎ I 'll know I 've done everything for them
‎ You ask me how can I go on?
‎ That 's why


‎ Lying down, he 's back



‎ don 't get up
‎ We have to wait for him to leave












‎ Hey, get that ready




‎ come on, asshole
‎ You want the seven million? ‎ Come on, I 'm walking here
‎ Like an idiot!




‎ There is something to get, pig head

‎ You bastard, look at me!


‎ OK, here you are





‎ come get it . . .



















