Well the laser source is ready
I should have brought an umbrella
Why? It won 't rain again
I know my delicate skin is likely to get sunburned by the moonlight.
Are you kidding us? One of the coolest tricks, don 't you think?
Howard, can you check the equatorial inclination of the laser again?
We need to lock it in Tranquil Sea ok please R aj
People spend a lot of money to develop an online world full of naked women
You can 't commit peeping, can you?
I 'm watching someone else 's TV
Let me tell you this is the successor of 'Grey 's Anatomy' in my family.
L e o n a r d   L e o n a r d
What is that? What is it?
Relax, it 's just a dirty sock
How can you see dirty socks and say relax?
S heldon smelly dirty socks all over the world
not in my world
Anyone know who should watch this experiment?
penny
I don 't think she likes 'Laser Moon Ranging'
But Armstrong 's reflectors on the moon should be part of the shiny series she loves.


Why didn 't you call her here? It 's a bit weird to say... she dumped you?
she didn 't dump me
We 're just out of step emotionally
I don 't understand how geography is involved in a relationship
very simple
Leonard lives in 'Don 't Leave Me' town
And Penny just happened to move to the island of 'Goodbye'
Go to hell, you guys, I 'll go see if she 's home
I 'll point it at the moon if it 's convenient
'Woman' is crying
The plot isn 't going well
-= Eden Subtitle Station http://ytet.org/=- Honorary Produced
Translation: louseka Inotaro J Miss Fang Brother Proofreading: Grandpa


Season 3 Episode 23


OK, what 's the matter?
Are we playing with moon reflected lasers on the roof?
Sorry what did you say? It 's fun
We have prepared a two-meter parabolic reflector and other equipment
Would you like to take a look?
just bullshit
How can you possibly bounce something off the moon?
There 's no gravity at all
L eonard this is Z ack
Z ack this is Leonard
sorry i didn 't know you had guests
- How about next time- Okay, next time, I want to go see that laser, what about the party?
It 's a surprise party. You can go anytime.
That 's right
ok then come on

How did you two meet?
My company designs the menu for 'Cheesecake Workshop'
your company ?
My dad 's but my sister and I are vice presidents
so. . .
design the menu
It sounds very simple to design, but it uses a lot of scientific principles.

Are you satisfied?
remove dirty socks
thank you
Raj watch where the other goes
Hi everyone this is my friend Z ack
Wow laser machine? That 's awesome
That 's right
In 1917 Einstein published 'The Quantum Theory of Radiation'
It is mentioned in the article that his greatest wish is that the machine invented by this theory can be very powerful.
My wish is fulfilled. Let me introduce this experiment. The astronauts of Apollo 11 in 1969 installed reflectors on the surface of the moon.
We 're going to shoot a laser at one of them and wait for it to bounce back to this photomultiplier
ask
How can you guarantee it won 't explode?
Lasers? I mean the moon
See, this is Penny 's boyfriend
Good question Z ack bullshit S heldon
Be polite
How could anyone think we 're going to blow up the moon?
That 's a good question
Don 't worry about the moon
We set the laser intensity to only 'stun'
smart
So we can watch the light come out
But when the naked eye observes the retroreflection of the beam, it will not be too strong to hurt the naked eye.
yes very interesting
The equipment over there measures the amount of reflected photons that we can see directly from the computer
Raj get them two glasses
Cool is it 3D?

Getting ready to fire a laser to the moon
just do it
Yes! There is a peak! The light is reflected back after two and a half seconds
This is the moon!
We hit the moon!

Is this your experiment?
Just for the lines on this screen?
Yeah but you have to think about what that means
We can fully prove that we can achieve this goal
There are man-made objects on the moon
It was put on by some species and they just invented the plane 60 years ago
What species is that?
I was wrong just now P enny can find a better one
Okay guys thank you very much it 's interesting
Thank you. Are we going to invite them to the party? Just keep going
He must be good in bed
i told you man
If you want to forget about P enny and date someone else, you can only cheer yourself up and ride the tits

Are you up?
- What? - Should be 'cheer up' not 'ride the tits'
that 's nasty dude
that is not. . .
forget it
But he was right
If you want, I can refer you to a few new dating sites that you recently found.
thank you
Are you sure? They can say they can find a match for anyone
Did they find a match for you? What about a bunch of them?
I dated about eight times last month
If it 's the ones who come and go, there are twelve times.
I can 't get the nitrogen tank off why?
Well let me reiterate that it is very heavy and people don 't want to do it
I 'll help you thank you
hold it down, don 't carry it
Good night

Do you know what makes it interesting?
Register S heldon on a dating site
Oh yeah, think about it
Let 's take this as an experiment
It 's like Frankenstein finds a wife when he 's lonely
His wife is not looking for
They made him a wife out of corpses
OK, let 's make it a backup plan.

Come in !

fuck you, you son of a bitch
you 're drunk ?
Zack is a perfect man but you ruined him!
How did I destroy him?
Because if it was in the past I wouldn 't know how stupid he was

Please he 's not that stupid
he is the one !
He thinks you 're going to blow up the moon!
yeah, he 's really stupid
He bragged all night about how he coined the word appetizer
But how could it be my fault?
You ruined my ability to put up with idiots
Now follow me . . . where?
Let 's do what we love
why? i mean ok
what happened ?
Put on your noise-canceling headphones because it 's going to be noisy right away
come again



What kind of low pulp fiber is this?

Good morning Penny
Do you have eyes behind your head?
If someone is beaten every day at school
You have to develop a keen sense of hearing
By the way someone gets hit because he always refers to himself as 'someone'
I 'm making english muffins do you like english muffins ?
thank you i 'm not hungry
Also, my noise-canceling headphones don 't seem to be of good quality.
sorry
As a true Texan I have to say I 've never heard 'drive by' used in this context
oh god oh god
I 've heard this so many times.
What kind of 'micro focus' is this?
This has to be the worst day of my life
good morning leonard
How many times have I told you to stop doing that?
Count this time?
3 1 7 times

What about P enny? She went back to her apartment. I guess she threw up in the shower.
Not necessarily in the order I said
Why didn 't she say hi to me?
Do you expect me to explain human behavior?
I know it 's just that the bystanders are clear
You may have some unique ideas
It 's not hard to believe you 're not butter
(This butter brand is called 'Can 't Believe It 's Not Butter')
uh i gotta go
morning shift
I 'll drop you off, it was fun last night, huh?
yeah it should be
I just vomited in my closet. Anyway, let 's watch a movie tonight
I 'm afraid I can 't do it tonight, not necessarily today.
I 'm pretty much the same anyway. . . I 'm free every day
Leonard was a mistake last night
By 'mistakes' you mean lucky mistakes? Like the discovery of penicillin?
listen i 'm sorry
I 'm drunk and lonely and hate Z ack
Let 's just forget about it, no, I remember it deeply.
Especially the part where you ride
Oh my God !
Is that so? I 'm cool. Thank you Leonard ?
listen I 'm sorry
Don 't hold me and let me go, okay?
How can I not hold on and let go?
You came to me just for fun!
good morning Mrs G underson
good morning leonard
Or should I say 'drive'?

My girl what?
We finally found evidence of alien existence
what ?
This dating site has found the right person for S heldon
what an international joke
a real woman ?
yeah look
boobs etc.
Trust me, having boobs doesn 't mean I 'm a woman
why ?
I 'll show you a picture of my uncle Louie in a bathrobe when I get time
Leonard you have to see this
We made a match for Sheldon
Great, maybe she can have sex with him
And then left without saying 'How did you sleep' the next morning?
Know what he 's talking about?
I don 't know what to ask him Leonard what did you say? I don 't want to say
What the hell are you suggesting to take care of him?
Now Dr. Sheldon Cooper has to send a letter to his best mate
' hello living friends . . .

She can do it, I can do it, she can do it, I can do it, she can do it, and I can do it
I can 't do it hello?
Hi L eslie
What did Leonard H ofstadter want me to do?
Uh I know! Haven 't seen you in a while! Yeah 1 8 months
Yeah, how 's it going for you?
How about you? Uh, not bad
Remember we had sex and you said it didn 't mean anything
just pure entertainment? remember
Do you, uh, want to do it again?
What 's wrong? Blonde dumped you? She didn 't dump me
We 're just out of step emotionally
yes
Anyway, obviously
It 's okay to have fun with someone you 've dated before.
So what do you think?
I 'll think about it


she won 't come back


she wants to see us
it 's not us it 's him
Yes, but he doesn 't know her
uh but he 'll know
Really? We 'll tell him?
Who is going to tell whom what? S heldon
Your surprised look confuses me
I live here
Listen, what are your plans for tomorrow afternoon? Four-thirty to be exact?
it wasn 't afternoon
What is that morning and evening? That 's the day time period I invented
It nicely defines that vague period between afternoon and evening early evening
It fills an urgent need and I 'm pretty sure this will be popular okay okay what are you going to do tomorrow morning and evening ?
tomorrow is saturday
Saturday night is 'laundry night'
So I use the whole morning and evening for pre-sorting and pre-soaking
Well if I told you tomorrow at half past four
Can you meet a woman scientifically selected as your perfect date?
I 'll sneer and wave my arm
I can 't stand your stupidity
but it 's true
We put all your must-have info into this dating site
Answered all their questions your way and they found you a match
her name is A my Farrah F owler
please
Even if you can answer the question my way
The algorithm this dating site uses is rubbish
This is exactly our answer to 'How do you feel about online dating?'
Howard wanted to write 'bullshit' but I said no
Our Sheldon will say 'rubbish'
Come on, where did your curiosity about science go?
Most of them are used to explore the mysteries of the universe.
The rest is wondering why I 'm talking to you about this
Well let 's put it that way
Spock both date every seven years
He 's not dating that 's 'Pangfa' (Wagang for mating)
His blood boils with the desire to mate
Then why . . . why don 't you start with a cup of coffee
Then you can 'Pangfa' A my F arrah F owler
I don 't drink coffee, you can have hot chocolate too
I don 't want to be involved in this boring anymore and my drink choices don 't make any sense
By the way I only drink hot chocolate in months with an 'R'
why ?
Isn 't life amazing?
ok i 'm out of the way


S heldon I hid that dirty sock on the roof somewhere in your apartment
It 'll stay there forever unless you come with us to meet this girl
you are bluffing
Do you want to take a risk?
i curse you




30 feet



Hi Leonard
I was a happy dull little lonely person, you ruined me!


you 're drunk ?
bring it on
Let 's have sex, just for fun!
Are you crazy ?
It seems like a double standard

A few minutes later this plan failed while I was gloating
What do you prefer me to do?
The standard 'I 'll just say it'? That classic 'Idiot'?
Or my usual sarcastic expression?
I don 't know who is wrong
Then make fun of your face
excuse me
I am A my F arrah F owler you are S heldon Cooper hello A my F arrah F owler
I regret to inform you that you have been . . .
Those rubbish algorithms deceived the naive and lonely otaku and rotten girl
Also someone is blackmailing me with hidden dirty socks
If that 's slang, I haven 't heard of it
I hate dirty socks as much as you do, literally
I 'm here anyway because I promised my mom at least one date in a year
Interesting
I also promised my mom to go to church once a week
I do not reject the concept of God
But I don 't understand what believers think
then you better not go to east texas
To understanding
then before further development
You need to know that any form of physical contact, including sexual intercourse, is a no-brainer

Can I buy you a drink?

have a glass of warm water



God, what have we done? The subtitles of this forum are only for translation and learning purposes. Any commercial use is prohibited. Otherwise, the consequences will be at your own risk. - - - - - - - - - - - - Genius Theory Season 3 Episode 23 Ended
