0 0 : 0 0 : 0 1 , 5 8 0 - - &gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 0 7 , 3 6 0 Enterprise is about to leave C - 1 1 1 The Enterprise ispreparingt oleave Beta III instarsystem C - 1 1 1 . Sociologist L indstromis remaining be hind
A team of experts stay together withapartyofexpertswh owillhelprestore help restore the planet to a habitable environment theplanet 'sculturetoahumanform.
The newest Captain Thelate L andru , Captain .
A great achievement in engineering A marvelous feat of engineering ering . A computer capable of directing the lives of thousands
The computer system ofmillionsofhumanbeings.But it 's always a machine ah Mr Spock Butonlyamachine,Mr.
Theoriginal L andruprogrammeditwith allhisknowledge, but could not sympathize with his wisdom buthecouldn 'tgiveithiswisdom, hiscompassion,
Understanding and soul pour into it hisunderstanding , hissoul . I prefer the concrete , thegraspable , theprovable .
Mr. Spock you must be a great computer You  ' dmakeasplendidcompute r , Mr r .
Spock . Captain Thank you for your compliment T hatisverykindofyou , Captain .
The joke of this sentence is that Spock is half-human and half-Vulcan T hat  ' shumorous , because Spockishalfhumanandhal f V ulcan .
But he was ashamed of that aspect of his humanity B uthe  ' sashamedofhishumansid e .
So I identify with him very much T hat  ' swhy I identifywithhim .
Good luck G oodluck . I 'm leaning a little more towards Kirk I gravitatealittlemoret owards Kirk .
why ?
because . . every word he says Be - cause . . . everythinghesays . .
That 's right, he 's Captain I shouldhopeso - - he  ' sthecaptain .
Sheldon S heldon .
Do me a favor D omeafavor . Go and tutor your brother for tomorrow 's math test G ohelpyourbrotherstudy forhismathtesttomorro w .
Isn 't this a waste of my precious time I sthatreallyagooduseof mytime ?
Come on, I 'm begging you. Comeon.
I  ' maskingnice . If he fails he can 't play rugby I fhedoesn  ' tpass , hewon  ' tbeabletoplayfootball .
You know he always bullies me Yourealizehe  ' softenmeantome .
So why is your mother always bullying me and I still always help her? S o ?
Y o u r   m o t h e r ' s   m e a n   t o   m e .
I stilltrytobehelpful . Did she fart in your face D oesshebreakwindonyour head ?
Because little George did it to me Becausethat  ' swhat G eorgiedoestome .
Can you help me persuade him Can youhelpmeoutre ?
If you take me to the train toy store I 'll help you I 'lldoitifyoutakemetoth etrainstore .
No problem Yougotit .
And what I want you have to buy me An ndbuymewhatever I want .
Connie what are you doing C onnie , whatareyoudoing ? Just giving my grandson Justprovidingmygrandson financial advice with financialguidance .
Don 't make fun of Captain D on  ' tmockthecaptain .
If little george passes the exam you will buy you everything you want
Limit under 2 0 bucks within 2 0 blocks.
Deal Deal .

Why? I love him more than I like you. I guess I like himbetterthanyou.

Little George G eorgie ?
What are you doing What ? Dad asked me to teach you for the math test D adtoldmetohelpyoustudyforthemathtest .
I don 't need your help while I go to I don  ' tneedyourhelp .
Getlost . Little George let him teach you Georgie , lethimhelpyou !

Okay you come in Fine .
C o m e   i n !
God Oh , dear .
What 's your dissatisfaction with What  ' syourproblem ?
No dissatisfaction I will . . . No oproblem . I  ' lljust . . .
Let 's clean while teaching tidywhilewetalk .
Help yourself as you like.
Before we start I want to know about Beforewestart , I  ' dliketogetasense how much you know about algebra ofhowmuchalgebrayoukn ow .

OK  ' Kay .
Do you know how to solve and graph linear inequalities?
Sure.
Great . You explain it to me again Great .
E xplainittome . You solve them first F irstyousolve  ' em . . .
Then you draw them andthenyougraph  'em. So how do you do these A ndhowdoyoudothat?
U h , you know ,
Do carefully. Excuse me. Excuseme.
$2 0 isn 't  ' tgonnadoit .
♪ No one in the world is stronger than me♪ ♪ No bodyelseisstrongerth an I am ♪
♪ Yesterday I moved a mountain ♪ ♪ Y esterday I movedamountain ♪
♪ I believe I can be your hero♪ ♪ I bet I couldbeyourhero ♪
♪ I 'm an amazing little guy♪ ♪ I amamightylittleman ♪ ♪ I 'm an amazing little guy♪ ♪ I amamightylittleman ♪
juvenile
Shelton

First merge all homogeneous terms of X S oyoucollectalltheterm slinearin X .
You see it 's very simple, right? See? Simple.
It 's easy for you, Maybeforyou. It 's not easy for everyone. No, it 'ssimpleforeverybody.
Then merge all Y 's like terms N owyoucollectalltheter mslinearin Y .
I don 't understand I don 'tgetit.
Try this first close your eyes T rythis . C loseyoureyes . OK  ' Kay .
Can you see C anyousee
Is the line drawn by the coefficients of X and Y theslopeofthelinegive nbythecoefficientsofXandY?
Can 't No o .
So what did you see Whatdoyousee?
A dark Darkness .
Try harder T ryharder . Wait Wait .
I see Australian supermodels in bikinis I see E lle M acphersoninabikini .
The bikini fell O oh , itjustfelloff .
Dad Dad! Quota mentioned 40 bucks to continue teaching I 'llmakeit $40! Keepgoing!
Maybe the problem is that you are not a good teacher Maybetheproblemisyou  ' renotagoodteacher .
Unlikely and anyway I am your only hope Unlikely . Regardless , I amyouronlyhope .
So what do you see when you close your eyes What doyouseewhenyouclo seyoureyes ? I see the first quadrant is red I seequadrantoneasred , the second quadrant is soft and furry quadranttwoissoftandp lush . . .
The third quadrant smells like lavender quadrantthreesmellsli kelavender ,
The fourth quadrant overlaps with the Fibonacci sequence and quadrantfourmisover laidwitha Fibonaccipiral .
It 's so weird T hat  ' sreallyweird .
It is not really surprising that when solving simple algebra N o .
What  ' sreallyweirdisdoingsi mplealgebra is thinking about bikini girls and thinking aboutagirl inabikini .

I disagree I disagree .
Dad D ad ! Continue to teach Keepgoing . When dividing by a negative number
You have to reshape both sides of the inequality youhavetoreversethedi rectionoftheinequality .
I 'm tired I 'm going to bed I 'mtired. I 'mgoingtobed.
But we haven 't finished the B utwe  ' renotdone where you will fail.
Y o u ' r e   g o i n g   t o   f a i l .
I 've heard enough of what you said I can do it I getenoughofwhatyousai d .
I  'llbefine . It was at that moment that I decided I twasatthatmoment I decided
I am not fit for teaching I was not cutout forteach ng . I use myself in other areas I consoled myself with the knowledge
No one can comfort himself that I waswonderfulateveryth ingelse. Take a paper and pass it on Takeoneandpassitback.
Take a paper and pass it on Takeoneandpassitback.
You should know that this test accounts for 2 5 % of your finalgrade. A syouallknow , this test  'llcountfor 2 5 % of yourfinalgrade
Remember to write out all calculation procedures B esuretoshowallyourwork .
If you are stumped by any question, I fyougetstuckonaquesti on , do it first and then look back to moveonandcomebacktoit attheend. I shouldn 't stress this last point. A nd I shouldn ' thavetosaythis,
but if someone cheats i will definitely catch butifthere  ' sanycheating , i willseeit .
Teacher, I also have long eyes behind my head. I goteyesinthebackofmyh ead.
I have more eyes than holes in potatoes I gotmoreeyesthanapotat o .
Ms Ingram M s .
I n g r a m ?
What 's up Sheldon Yeah, S heldon.
I 'm done writing I 'mdone. What What?
I enjoyed the process of answering the answer sheet very much. I enjoyed itverymuch .
If you have another paper I would like to have a I  ' lltakeanotherifyouhav eone . I have no other paper No , I don  ' thaveanotherone .
You first open the textbook and look down J - J ustreadahead in the text book .
That 's great. Oh, boy.

Seeing my brother 's dying struggle makes me feel bad too Seeingmybrotherstruggl ewasdifficultforme . As his tutor his failure A shistutor , I tookhisfailurepersona lly ,
It feels like my failure almost as if I had failed .
It 's weird because I knew how stupid he was W hichwasodd , because I knewhowdumbhewas .
Georgie, how did you do your math test today?
It 's kinda hard I twastough . I 'm not sure I don  ' tknow .
Sorry I couldn 't help you much I  ' msorry I wasn  ' tmorehelp .
I am also Me , too .
It 's alright baby you tried your best T hat  ' sallright , baby , youtried .
Yeah it 's okay baby Yeah. I t  ' sokay , baby .
I don 't know what 's wrong. I don 'tunderstandwhatwentwr ong.
When you were pregnant with little George I sthereanychanceyoudra nkalcohol
Have you ever had a drink whenyouwerepregnantwi th G eorgie ?
No No !
Don 't be so defensive. Well, don  ' tbesohigh - and - mighty .
I drank when I was pregnant with you I drankwhen I waspregnantwithyou . Aren 't you pretty good too Y outurnedoutfine .

These days everyone is saying 'don 't drink, don 't smoke' Thesedayseverybody  ' slike , ' D on  ' tdrink , don  ' tsmoke . '
Texas is about to become California I swear . T exasis turning into California .
You know i can 't help you if you fail
You have to retire from the football team You  ' reoff theteam . I know I know .
I will ask Jesus Christ Well , I  ' mgonnaask J esus to help you get a good grade on this exam to helpyougetagoodgrad eonthattest .
You should be praying to him before he goes to the exam, right? S houldn  ' tyouhaveaskedhimbefor ehetookit ?
The great He can come back to life after death The manrosefromthedead - - It should be only a trifle to change after the exam I thinkhecanfixatestaft erthefact . You know when I hear you say this Youknow , I hearyousaythingsliket hat ,
I will always ask myself if I was pregnant with you and I wonderifmaybe I didhaveafewtoomanywhi skeysours
too much lemon whisky whenyouwereinmybelly.

Not up to my grades but not bad Notme , but not bad . I would say ' A ' foreffort ,
But ' F ' grades but . . . that  ' san ' F . '


What 's wrong, how bad is What?
Howbadisit? You got 'B' Yougota 'B.'

Isn 't it A reyoukidding ?
I can 't believe I don  ' tbelieveit . Me too Me , neither .
Me too Me , neither .
I feel like I have to reassess my abilities S o , I guess I havetorethinkmyabilit ies .
I am clearly a master teacher through the ages Clearly , I  ' mawonderful teacher .
little george did not pass because of your teaching G eorgiedidn  ' tpassbecauseofyou .
What do you mean by that Whatdoyoumean ? He cheated He echeated .
He had the answers written on the bottom of hisshoe .
He wouldn 't be like this Hewouldn 'tdothat.
cheating in school exams is actually cheating only yourself
Positive energy poster outside the men 's toilet on A ninspirationalpostero utsidetheboys  ' room .
Sheldon I was absolutely right I saw what I saw , S heldon . If this is true Well , if thisis true ,
he has to go and confess to the teacher heneedstoturnhimselfi n .
There 's no way he 's going to be kicked out of the team T hat  ' llneverhappen .
H e  'llgetkickedofftheteam . Sorry I can 't believe I  ' msorry , I can  ' tacceptthis .
I believe there must be another explanation for this matter. T heremustbeanotherexplation.
If you don 't believe me you look at his soles I fyoudon  'tbelieveme , lookathisshoes .
I will go I will .

It 's quite a lot of exercise. T hisisquiteaworkout .

You villain Youdirtybird .
What are you doing in my room What are youdoinginhere ? You cheated Y oucheated .

I have the evidence in my hand I 'm holding theevidence. Let me see Letmeseethat.
I don 't see anything I don  ' tseenothin  ' .
You are obstructing justice
Don 't make trouble, I can continue to play if I pass the exam Oh, relax.
B y   p a s s i n g   t h a t   t e s t ,   I   g e t   t o   p l a y   f o o t b a l l ,
You can also go to the train toy store to buy things andyougettogotothetra instore .
Everyone benefits E verybodywins .
But what about the truth?
How about Whataboutit?
The truth will set us free
Where did you learn this from W hotoldyouthat ? The Bible .
When did you believe what was written in the Bible S incewhendoyoucareabou twhat  ' sinthe B ible ?
When those words make me refute others W henithelpsmewinanargu ment .
The Bible also says 'Honor your father and mother' The Bible also says shonorthyf atherandthymother .
If you go and tell them you 'll make them sad
He defended my Hehadme .
These two idiots inexplicably argue against me S omehow , themullet - headedsimpletonhadme .
This is not the end of T hisisn  ' tover .
so what do you want Oh , yeah ?
W h a t   a r e   y o u   g o n n a   d o ?
Well it seems like it 's over A llright , maybeit  ' sover .
Grandma Meemaw ?

I guess you have seen the Minister of Public Health on I assume you  'veread the S urgeon General  ' sreport
Smoking is harmful to health report onthedangersofsmoking ?
I 'm waiting for them to make the report into a movie I ' mgonnawaittilltheytur nitintoamovie .
Is that your new train I sthatyournewtrain ? Yes this is my reward for helping little George pass his math test Yes .
I t ' s   m y   r e w a r d   f o r   h e l p i n g   G e o r g i e   p a s s   t h e   m a t h   t e s t .
You don 't look very happy Youdon  ' tseemtoohappyaboutit .
I don 't think I deserve it I don  ' tfeellike I earnedit . Why hynot ?
Can you help me keep it a secret Canyoukeepasecret ?
It would be nice to remember secrets at my age Well , atmyage , thequestioniscan I rememberone .
Say it and listen to T ryme .

little george cheated on the exam georgiecheatedonthetes t .
And all was well A ndnothingbadhappened .
He can stay on the football team Hegetstostayonthefootb allteam ,
Mom and Dad are proud of him, M omand D adareproudofhim ; I even got a little train for helping him I evengotatrainforhelping .
So you feel guilty S oyou  ' refeelingguilty .
That 's exactly what V erymuchso .
It 's really a difficult disease Well, that  ' sarealconundrum .
Are you looking at Haveyoubeenreading the W ordofthe Daycalendar I gave you for your birthday
Word of the Day Calendar I gaveyouforyourbirthday ?
Undoubtedly Indubitably .

What do you think about this Sowhatdoyouthink ? I don 't think you should be bothered by this I don  ' tthinkyoushouldlettb otheryouverymuch .
I mean there must be some people in this world I mean , there  ' salwaysgonnabepeoplei nthisworld
Will break the rules whoareplayingfastandl oosewiththerules . And your brother is such a man Andyourbrother  ' soneofthem .

Captain Kirk of Star Trek is also T hat  ' show Captain Kirkison Star Trek .
That 's right so he 's the main character of the show Well , thereyougo , and he  ' s , like , the mainguyonthatshow .
Not Mr. Spock is the main character No , Mr. Spockisthemainguy . You are right I standcorrected .
But usually it 's Kirk who saves the Enterprise.
Because won 't he always stick to the rules?
He even cheated on a test during his cadet days, the Heevencheatedonatestwh enhewasacadet.
Kobayashi Maru test The Kobayashi Maru . What is the small T hewhat ? Kobayashi Maru Kobayashi Maru .
Kirk thus became the legendary Kirkisalegendbecauseof it.
Kobayashi Maru K o - K obayashi Maru .
Sounds like the name of the food in a teppanyaki restaurant, S oundslikesomethingyou eatat Benihana  ' s .
Have you ever been to that kind of restaurant Haveyoueverbeentooneof those ? The store will let you sit with strangers Theymakeyousitwithstra ngers . I t  ' scrazy .
Do you think Spock can become someone like Kirk Doyouthinka Spockcouldbecomea Kirk ?
From my experience Well , inmyexperience ,
Most people live their whole life is one mostpeoplestaythemise rablebastardstheyare
Poor bastards theirwholeentirelife .
but. . .
B u t . . .
I 've also seen someone change I haveseensomefolkschan ge.


Well I 'm going to play this train A llright .
W e l l ,   I ' m   g o n n a   g o   p l a y   w i t h   t h i s   t r a i n .
Go Youdothat.




Little George G eorgie ?
Go away. I want to ask you a favor. I needtoaskafavor.
What busy What ?
Secret can I come in I t  ' sprivate .
C an I comein ? Comeon .

What are you doing Whatdoyouwant ?
I find you and Captain Kirk have something in common I toccurstomeyouhavesom ethincommonwith Captain Kirk .
We both have cool hairstyles We ebothhavecoolhair ? For success I nordertosucceed ,
Neither of you mind breaking the rules youbothplayfastandloo sewiththerules.
Yeah, I supposewedo to me. What was your strategy when you cheated on the math test?
I guess the most important part is Well , I guess the most important part
Don 't step on wet things before the test wasnotsteppingonanyth ingwetbeforethetest .
And don 't take ' A ' A ndnotgettingan ' A .'
Why don 't you want to take ' A ' W hywouldn  ' tyouwantan ' A ' ?
Because that would raise suspicion ' C ausethatwouldraisesus picions.
Who would believe I could take ' A ' W howouldbelieve I gotan ' A ' ? Tell me more about Tellmemore .
Okay when you lie O kay , when you  ' retellingalie , adding some details is the key it  ' simportanttothrowinso medetails .
For example I want to go to Ricky 's house for the night Like , when I waswantedtospendtheni ghtat Ricky  ' shouse , Mom asked me if his parents were at home and M omaskedmeifhismomandd adweregonnabehome ,
I said they are not only at home I said , notonlyaretheybegonna behome ,
His dad will also teach us hisdadwasgonnateachus
How to make smoked turkey legs howtocookturkeylegs in thesmoker .
I like turkey legs delicious I like turkeylegs .
W e r e   t h e y   g o o d ?
No turkey legs at all you idiots T hereweren  ' tanyturkeylegs , youdope .
His parents are out of town. H isparents werein B ranson .
That 's amazing I just totally believed your words T hat  ' sincredible .
I   t o t a l l y   b e l i e v e d   y o u .
Details ah details Details . Go out now I have to finish the book No owgetoutofhere , I gottofinishreadingthis .
Thank you little George you really helped me T hankyou , Georgie , that was very helpful .
Did you hear Didyouhearthat ?
What What?
Sounds like Jr. George and Sheldon get along just fine. S oundslike G eorgie and S heldonaregettingalong
Really? It can 't be T hatcan ' tberight. I just heard I justheardit.
Maybe there is still hope for the two of them to get along Maybethere  ' shopeforthosetwoafter all .
Or is it a sign of the end O rit  ' sasignoftheapocalypse.
Honey don 't bother me watching TV

You 'll have to get someone else to press your ankle for you toholdyouranklesin P.E.
T o d a y .
Sorry what did you say I  ' msorry , what ?
I 'm so badly injured that I can 't go to class I  ' vesufferedaterriblein juryandwon  ' tbeabletoattend . What happened W hathappened ? You see Seeforyourself .
'Coach Wilkins please approve my son Sheldon' Dear C oach Wilkins , pleaseexcusemyson , Sheldon , no gym class F rom P.E.
He got testicular hernia H ehasexperiencedatesti cularhernia ,
The next six to eight weeks will require a good rest. A ndneedstorestforthene xtsixtoeightweeks.
Sincerely Mary Cooper ' S incerely , Mary Cooper . '
Testicular hernia?
This is called details T hat  ' scalleddetails .
What a pity O oh , that  ' srough . H mm . How  ' dithappen ?
Hard to say I t  ' shardtosay ,
But risk factors include: heavylifting chronic cough butsomeriskfactorsinc lude : heavylifting , achroniccough
Repetitive strain andrepetitivestrainin gduringbowelmovements during defecation.
I also had this experience I 'vebeenthere.
Well Hmm.
A l l   r i g h t .
Then . . . see you in six to eight weeks Guess I  ' llseeyouin . . . sixtoeightweeks .
I don 't know the other supervillains I don  ' tknowifothersupervill ains
Whether they started their careers by skipping gym class startedtheircareersby gettingoutof P . E . ,
But I was butthat  ' swhere I began . Emboldened by my fauxhern ia with the hernia I made up ,
I started taking books out of the library . . .
without getting the card sstamped .
Those books you haven 't registered yet Youdidn  ' t checkout thosebooks .
I know I know . Before you judge me harshly Before you judgemetoohar shly ,
I want to say that I always bring them back on time. I am a rule breaker not a lunatic I wasarule - breaker , notalunatic . But perhaps my most satisfying violation B utperhapsmymostsatisfyingtransgression
is cheating my sister wasdupingmysister
Relinquish control of TV intorelinquishingcont rolofthe TV .
Hello Hello .
What are you doing with that thing What  ' sthatfor ?
This? I was just digging for money in my grandma 's backyard. Oh, this?
I   w a s   j u s t   d i g g i n g   f o r   m o n e y   i n   M e e m a w ' s   b a c k y a r d .
Is there any money there? T here  ' smoneythere ?
Yeah, I 've found it for seventy-five cents Oh, yes.
I   a l r e a d y   f o u n d   7 5   c e n t s .
Who do you think is the money W hodoyouthinkleftit ?
If I had to guess I f I weretoguess, I think it was the pirates with holes in their pockets I 'dsaypirateswithholesintheirpockets.
Can I borrow a shovel? Can I useyourshovel?
Be emyguest please. Baby I 'm going to make a fortune
Today we come to learn about Sir Isaac Newton .
Hello old friend Hello , oldfriend .
One of the world 's greatest scientists . . . oneoftheworld ' sgreatestscientists . . .


See you tomorrow, Wayne Seayoutomorrow, Wayne.
Good luck George Youhaveagoodone , George .
How is your son Hey , how  ' syoursondoing ?
Little George? G eorgie?
Not smart that No o , thesmartone .

He 's fine. What 's wrong with He  ' sfine . Why ?
What about his hernia?
What Hernia Whathernia ?
your wife said he got it Theoneyourwifesaidheha d .
I also had H appenedtome while I was in the Army .
I wasinabarin Georgia , tried toliftupthisbigg al in a bar in Georgia.
I definitely hear a bang below me S wear I couldhearsomething pop down there .
Did Sheldon give you this note? Sheldongaveyouthisnote?
Yes Yeah.
This is not what I wrote I didn  ' twritethis .
Are you sure Yousure ? It looks like your handwriting Lookslikeyourhandwriti ng .
And that hook up like you I t  ' sgotthatlittleswoopyt hinggoingon . Not what I wrote I didn  ' twriteit .
If my son has a hernia I know for sure A nd I think I  'dknowifmysonhadaherni a .
That is S owhat , S heldonforgedaletterto getout of P . E . ?
Looks like it is Lookslikeit .
Really good Howaboutthat .
Don 't be proud of him D on  ' tbeproudofhim . I can 't help Can  ' thelpit . For the first time he looks like my own son F irsttimeheeverseemedl ikemykid .
Do you know why he suddenly turned sex D oyouhaveanyideawhat  ' sgottenintohim ?
May know I might .
Why Well?
Have you heard Haveyoueverheardof . . .
Big Fish Ball Mo obokachi Kaboom ?
No Wait .
It 's Kooshimaki Magoo.
Wait I can come up with Waitaminute , I  ' mgonnagetthis .
'Dear Professor Proton' D ear Professor Proton ,
I would very much like to meet you I wouldverymuchliketome etyou ,
I only have three weeks to live. And I only have three weeks stol ive .
Please come and see me in Medford, Texas. P leasecomevisitmeherei n M edford , Texas .
Sincerely Sheldon Cooper S incerely , S heldon Cooper .
P.S. my grandma 's brisket was super delicious' P.S.
M y Meemaw makes excellentbr isket . ' Sheldon .
Can you explain this note Would you like to explaint hisnote ?

Say yeah Well ? I just want to be more like George Jr
That 's a stupid idea. T hat  ' sadumbidea . We don 't want little George to be like himself Wedon  ' twant G eorgietobe like G eorgie .
I 'm really sorry to hear that
I am to accept my inner Kirk personality that I wasembracingmyinner Kirk , my mother still let me make amends for the mistakes I have made mymotherhadmemakeamen dsforallmymisdeeds .
Start with the library Startinginthelibrary ,
I had to rearrange hundreds of books where I hadtoreshelvehundreds ofbooks .
Honestly this is pretty cool Well , tobehonest , thatonewasahoot .
Atonement was bad when coach Wilkins let me climb the rope.
Because of the lack of upper body strength, I hung there like asalamii nadeliwindow like a sausage hanging from a deli.
Finally I have to apologize to my grandma and finally , I hadtoapologizetomymee maw , innocent victim of my sister 's treasure hunt whowasanunfortunatevi ctimofmysister  ' streasurehunt .
