
0 0 : 0 0 : 2 5 , 5 6 0 - - &gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 2 6 , 7 6 0 ‎ Sorry! ‎ Am I doing something wrong?




‎ no
‎ Nothing to do with you is my reason
‎ I have vaginismus
‎ My vagina is like a Venus flytrap
‎ If it makes you feel better‎ I have hair on one of my nipples
‎ Can vaginismus be cured?
‎ Obviously with patience‎ I 'll end up sticking the big one in
‎ But for now‎ I can only put Thumbelina in
‎ Do you know why this disease occurs?
‎ Probably because‎ I put too much pressure on myself
‎ Then you can 't even masturbate?
‎ No I can masturbate
‎ I just don 't put my hand in it
‎ I don 't know why I 'm fine with touching myself
‎ I have an idea



‎ I 'm going to orgasm



‎ NETFLIX Original Series


‎ good morning
‎ good morning
‎ Dad is still in the UK
‎ Conduct book tours
‎ Can we talk? please
‎ Will you admit that you lied?

‎ Then I guess we have nothing to talk about
‎ Withholding information is not strictly a lie
‎ Adopting avoidance strategies‎ will only suppress your negative emotions towards me‎ and cannot let it go away
‎ Are you going to give me counseling?
‎ please take a seat
‎ Let me see what you are capable of
‎ I 'm all ears
‎ I think your overreaction to this is rooted in your ‎ fear of rejection
‎ You rejected Jacob now you reject me
‎ You didn 't accept Jacob at all
‎ In fact you made our relationship difficult to maintain
‎ So your son can 't get along with your ex-boyfriend‎ - is that the real reason you 're angry? ‎ - not

‎ I 'm angry because my son is on campus for a very unethical underground practice
‎ and refuses to acknowledge the seriousness of their actions
‎ Ok yeah that 's right‎ I talk to people at school
‎ I offer some advice
‎ You can 't arrest me for talking to people
‎ There is no charge for casual chat
‎ This is not right for Otis
‎ I don 't think there 's anything wrong
‎ I don 't understand mom
‎ We usually discuss these things thoroughly‎ and then it 's fine
‎Why are you still so angry with me?
‎ Because I thought‎ I would raise you to be a man who will take responsibility for his actions
‎ Also because of being the primary caregiver in your life
‎ I always see the worst of you
‎ I 'm tired of this
‎ It wasn 't my fault that Dad left
‎ you 're going to be late
‎ Are you going to watch ‎ Eric 's show tonight?
‎ My school is not welcome at the moment

‎ You shouldn 't let them bully you





‎ I packed your dad some clean clothes‎ and a few dinners
‎ Can you send it to school? ‎ please

‎ for me
‎ Did you tell him I was fired? ‎ no

‎ But someone else might tell him
‎ You 'd better talk to him
‎ You 'll soon find what you 're good at
‎ Don 't . . .
‎ Ok, no, not today

‎ okay?

‎ Where have you been?
‎ I went outside to smoke
‎ Well you can 't leave her alone‎ She 's only three years old
‎ she 's fine
‎ gosh
‎ Actually I need you to take care of her after school
‎ I have a job interview
‎ I don 't have time, I 'm going to the quiz finals‎ I thought you would go
‎ Damn I totally forgot

‎ I can 't go will they record it?
‎ Well, that 's the point of the show on TV
‎ it doesn 't matter
‎It 's a shitty game anyway‎ I 'll send her to Cynthia 's house
‎ Her clothes are dirty‎ Why haven 't you washed them yet?
‎ Just dress her in a fairy dress
‎ Good fairy dress! Great!
‎ come on
‎ well like this




‎ You look so beautiful
‎ come over

‎ - Be nice‎ - She reminds me of your childhood
‎ always in trouble
‎ How did I get into trouble?
‎ You 're not in trouble Jeffrey
‎ I said Maeve would get into trouble as a child
‎ You peeed in front of our door one time
‎ sorry
‎ Your mother never takes care of you by your side, right?
‎ But it 's different now, right? thank goodness
‎ Yes
‎ Goodbye Xiao Ai
‎ You need to remove earwax Jeffrey
‎ annoying
‎ The Isaac Warriors are here
‎ I think my mom is on drugs again
‎ Don 't say you warned me
‎ I would never say that
‎ I need you to do me a favor
‎ - hey‎ - hey
‎ When can I watch you play this?
‎ Well, if you come to the musical tonight‎ I 'm a member of the band
‎ - I thought it was a drama‎ - No


‎ Romeo and Juliet is a musical
‎ ( 'Romeo and Juliet' Musical)
‎ This poster is too ugly
‎ They 're in a dick forest, don 't you think?

‎ I hate musicals
‎ No! you can 't hate musicals
‎ People who hate musicals have no souls
‎ How about Hedwig?
‎ I like

‎ - until they start singing‎ - Omg
‎ Well you don 't have to come tonight
‎ it doesn 't matter
‎ I 'll watch it for you
‎ good
‎ - but please I 'm charming and my . . . ‎ - stop Quentin
‎ We talked about it, you 're not Romeo
‎ - You will never be my Romeo‎ - Enough Quentin
‎ You roll there all day!
‎ Okay, that 's it, everyone. Premiere Night

‎ We 've been working so hard for tonight‎ Hugo, don 't be high
‎ Florence goes to get the prop
‎ - I 'm entering the character, teacher‎ - Okay, you can enter the character at the same time
‎ While helping Jackson get the octopus 's arm
‎ Are you nervous about tonight?
‎ Only a layman gets nervous

‎ hey
‎ Are you going to the theatre tonight?
‎ yes probably after the final
‎ I forgot it was today
‎ good luck
‎ What the hell am I going to do? You won 't keep getting mad at me?
‎ I 'm not mad at Otis
‎ I am disappointed

‎ hey
‎ I thought you wouldn 't talk to me again
‎ I don 't think you should drink for a long time
‎ I didn 't mean to hurt you
‎ you hurt me
‎ But that 's okay
‎ Why do I keep making everyone angry?
‎ I think you always try to be a good person‎ and it backfires
‎ as if you were worried that you would become ‎ your dad
‎ I think you might be right
‎ thank you
‎ Thank me for what? where are you going?
‎ Remember everyone today is all about having fun‎ Don 't play Rubik 's Cube, Dex!
‎ But it also matters that we win
‎ Guys, this is not a practice, this is a final
‎ Got it?
‎ wait I made this for you
‎ Thank you Aimee
‎ - Why do I have an R in my name? ‎ - an extra cupcake
‎ thank you
‎ That 's how you look when you 're focused
‎ Good luck and see you on the field
‎ Is she trying to tell me something?
‎ Well I think she 's saying‎ 'I still love you Steve‎ but I need some time'


‎ Mom calls when she says she needs something else
‎ goodbye
‎ How is your mother?
‎ Do you think she misses me?
‎ I don 't know dad
‎ But I think the lady misses you very much

‎ I 'm thinking about going back to school
‎ I know I 'm missing a lot but . . . ‎ I want to find what I 'm good at
‎ I don 't want to work in that store forever

‎ You haven 't been fired yet
‎ There will always be miracles

‎ Just wait and see, okay?
‎ Adam you can go
‎ Adam! Get out!

‎ Hi Adam
‎ How are you?
‎ My mom is going to divorce my dad so he sleeps at school
‎ Well everyone knows
‎ I got fired
‎ Well Raheem told me
‎ I 'm sorry dude
‎ Do you still play the French horn?
‎ I can 't believe you know what it is

‎ Trombone sounds ridiculous
‎ Eric
‎ we 're about to start
‎ There 's a musical tonight and it 's the last rehearsal

‎ you should come i mean
‎ - You sure don 't like musicals but . . . ‎ - Like Frozen?
‎ Because that movie was sad
‎ Yes kinda like Frozen
‎ This . . . ‎ looks a bit like they were kissing in a dick forest
‎ That 's what I said!
‎ This is the dick forest dude!
‎ - It 's all dick! ‎ - too much bullshit

‎ I . . .

‎ I better go
‎ hmm

‎ I say people don 't like you at a party‎ Those words are not true

‎ people hate me easily

‎ I . . .
‎ I understand that I hurt you
‎ good
‎ I just wanted you to know that
‎ Why do you think you are in pre-menopause?
‎ I 've been feeling tired and heavy lately
‎ Occasionally I feel . . . ‎ tightness in my chest
‎ Has your life changed significantly recently?
‎ Yes I 'm having some trouble at work‎ ​​and my teenage son . . .

‎ he 's a teenager
‎ I also broke up with my partner‎ But you know‎ are just ordinary and controllable life trivia
‎ When did you break up with your partner?
‎ He is not my partner‎ I didn 't break up with him I . . .

‎ I may have alienated him

‎ I found out I was wrong and then . . .
‎ I tried to salvage it, but apparently it was too late

‎ This feeling comes again
‎ When this man broke up with you‎ Did this chest pain start?
‎ I mean I would . . . yes‎ I may have noticed the symptoms at the time but . . .
‎ Pre-menopause can cause an adrenaline rush‎ right? and. . .
‎ I think your symptoms may be caused by sadness
‎ ridiculous
‎ I am a sex and relationship counselor‎ If my symptoms were caused by sadness‎ I would know for sure
‎ I have been a GP for over 20 years not long ago
‎ I was hospitalized with a kidney infection‎ I don 't think I 'll have it
‎ okay
‎ We do some checks to give you peace of mind
‎ ' Modern men lack pride in their inherent masculinity‎

‎ How can we regain this sense of pride?
‎ I believe it starts with taking control of ourselves
‎ How do we start a romantic relationship if we can 't even control our emotions? ‎ The answer is . . .

‎ Impossible‎ The first rule of being in control of yourself is to live in the moment and practice your mind . . .
‎ Strength '
‎ thank you
‎ This guy speaks out
‎ (Justin - Carnival! ‎ Remy Milburn)
‎ thank you
‎ - Hi what 's your name? ‎ - Ben
‎ this
‎ - Okay, what 's your name? ‎ - hey dad
‎ Otis, shouldn 't you be at school?
‎ Yes I . . .
‎ I wish we could chat
‎ Of course, let 's sit for half an hour, okay?
‎ - Can I take pictures Dr. Milburn? ‎ - okay
‎ - great thank you‎ - thank you


‎ hi Remy great speech ‎ great thank you very much




‎ Hi Erin
‎ Have you seen my pet rabbit? it 's gone
‎ - No I haven 't seen it‎ - It 's actually a female rabbit
‎ Did you know? The female rabbit is called 'The Female Rabbit' and... .
‎ - The male rabbit is called 'Male Rabbit' ‎ - No I don 't know
‎ - For that book is in the title . . . ‎ - I 'm in a hurry
‎ I 'm just coming back for cigarettes sorry baby
‎ - That book is good‎ - It 's weird
‎ I swear I 'm locked

‎ ( Raising girls in different ways)

‎ I hope you find the rabbit
‎ Thank you very much
‎ here they come
‎ That 's Holly Crankshaw, captain of their team
‎ She won the competition when she was 14 years old


‎ ok let 's go
‎ (Isaac: ‎ We found evidence I 'm sorry)
‎ yes hi hi . . .
‎ A child in danger I need to report
‎ Yes
‎ Her mother is on drugs and it is not suitable to take care of her
‎ - Five minutes to go Maeve‎ - ok I 'll be there in a minute
‎ Yes
‎ Yes it 's my mom

‎ Dr. Milburn 's Notes Exposed‎ This Is Serious
‎ I assure you that everything is under control
‎ Ms Milburn is no longer allowed to set foot on campus‎ Our students are no longer at risk
‎ She 's here to help us protect our students
‎ For some reason you made the situation worse
‎ It was just an unfortunate little setback‎ We are still one
‎ A school that prides itself on excellence
‎ But our best students will be in the finals of the ‎ National Student Quiz today ‎ Be sure to stay and watch tonight 's
‎ Romeo and Juliet Musical Premiere
‎ The show will be great
‎I don 't know how to appreciate‎ or is it really like a forest of dicks?

‎ Good studio preparation
‎ Countdown 1 0 , 9 . . . ‎ 8 , 7 , 6 . . . ‎ 5 , 4 . . .

‎ ( National Student Knowledge Contest)
‎ good afternoon
‎ Welcome to the National Student Knowledge Contest‎ Grand Live Finals
‎ On my left is the three-time champion‎ Knight of Knowledge

‎ On my right is a coveted competitor‎ A dark horse think tank

‎ We go straight to the 'Art History' round
‎ Okay, please listen to the first question. . .
‎ Give a glass of lemonade
‎ Say it‎ What do you want to talk about son?
‎ And troubles with girls?
‎ When I was a kid. . . ‎ Why did you leave?
‎ Your mom and I are unhappy and . . .
‎ The question is not why did you leave mom, but why did you leave me?
‎ What are you trying to ask?
‎ All I want to ask is this dad
‎ I used to think everything was my mother 's fault
‎ It 's all because of her that I feel . . . ‎ confused
‎ But at least she 's with me
‎ where are you?
‎ I had to move to the US for work . . .
‎ No you moved to America for yourself
‎ Dad, please stop lying
‎ I feel like you have some . . . ‎ - inner conflict‎ - yes I always felt . . .
‎ very angry‎ I was trying to figure out‎ what kind of man I wanted to be‎ It was hard because my dad was absent most of my life‎
‎ Are you not as fond of me as you thought?
‎ Of course I like you I just . . .
‎ Then why did you leave me?

‎ Because I 'm an asshole
‎ I 'm sure there are several ways to diagnose my personality‎ but the main factor is because I 'm a jerk
‎ How can I not be an asshole?
‎ try to be as honest as possible
‎ Because once you start lying... . . ‎ it 's hard to stop
‎ When you were young‎ you thought everyone really... . . ‎ really understood you
‎ But in fact‎ only a few people understand you
‎ Those who like you despite your flaws
‎ If you abandon them‎ they will never come back
‎ So if you meet these people, you should take good care of them
‎ hold on tight
‎ don 't let them go

‎ Whatever you do is fine‎ Don 't read this damn book
‎ ('Manhood in crisis?')
‎ Hi sorry‎ Can you sign my book please?
‎ - ok‎ - great thank you

‎ - What 's your name? ‎ - Pete
‎ Pete Hi Pete
‎ - Alright‎ - Thank you for being your big fan
‎ be strong

‎ One minute left to remember‎ If you ring the bell, be sure to answer
‎ What sea does the Volga flow into?
‎ Caspian Sea
‎ What is the correct length of the English Channel?


‎ How many countries start with . . .
‎ Hey Maeve
‎ I know you can 't answer the phone right now‎ because I 'm watching you on live TV
‎ But I want you to know that I 'm proud of you
‎ how stupid I have been all this time
‎ Is your uncle there?
‎ Yosef
‎ I know you like my boyfriend
‎ You can make him laugh
‎ He doesn 't smile like that when he 's with me

‎ Back to Yosef
‎ It will still sit you teach well
‎ If you re-hire me‎ I 'll teach it to do other things
‎ How to high five or wink sexy
‎ please i know i made a mistake
‎ I will never do it again
‎ hello
‎ hi
‎ Why do you dress like a boy?
‎ I 'm going to watch the school musical
‎ Can you give me my salary?
‎ What are you doing here?
‎ want my job back
‎ I want to go back to school but . . . ‎ can 't let my dad know I 'm fired
‎ What happened in the store wasn 't Adam 's fault
‎ The last time I used the key it didn 't work either
‎ I forgot to tell you it was my fault
‎ If you 're going to fire him, you 're going to fire me too
‎ Is it true?
‎ - yes‎ - yes
‎ Okay, then you both got fired
‎ Get out of my store and get out!

‎Why are you doing this?
‎ because I love you dude
‎ I know I 'm bisexual‎ but I don 't mean that to you
‎ I thought you were lace now‎ or like cooking or something
‎ No Adam you fool
‎ You are my friend and my love for you is friendship
‎ Are you okay?
‎ No one ever said I was their friend

‎ You Can Put Me Down‎ - 5 6 0 km‎ - Correct Answer


‎ Which city is the busiest airport in the world?
‎ - Atlanta, Georgia, USA‎ - Correct
‎ There are two cities with a population of more than 1 million‎ and their names are translocated to each other‎ May I ask which countries are these two cities located?


‎ - is Japanese‎ - can 't discuss


‎ I 'm sorry I have to lose five of you
‎ Leave the question to the Knights of Knowledge

‎ - Japan‎ - Can you name these two cities?
‎ Tokyo and Kyoto
‎ Exactly This is the end of the turn
‎ See you after the ad


‎ They are crushing us
‎ Maybe we should give up
‎ can not give up
‎ We 're here to win
‎ Even if you can 't win, at least you have to fight
‎ Got it?
‎ We are a think tank
‎ we are great‎ and more importantly‎ we are a team
‎ Even if we lose, we have to stand shoulder to shoulder
‎ I 'm sorry you seem to be performing Braveheart
‎ - I like that video‎ - cheer up Steve
‎ Everyone has to use their strengths
‎ What are we?
‎ Think Tank
‎ Think Tank

‎ Looks like you 're right
‎ You are in pre-menopause
‎ you are still pregnant
‎ What?
‎ That . . . ‎ - impossible‎ - is true

‎ But he had a vasectomy
‎ Strange things have happened
‎ Jane you are pregnant


‎ This complicates the heartache

‎ - Tangent Function‎ - Exactly
‎ - Optimus Prime‎ - correct answer again
‎ George Eliot
‎ Charisma, uniqueness, audacity and talent
‎ Dorothy Gish

‎ Johnson Jamal Jennings
‎ - Rubik 's Cube! ‎ - That 's right!
‎ Percy Pig Fudge
‎ Critique of Pure Reason by Immanuel Kant
‎ Exactly
‎ mu and M - U ‎ are examples . . . that voice means ‎ This is our last question

‎ Examples of what mu and M - U are . . .
‎ meowing
‎ I 'm afraid I can 't accept this answer‎ Not the knight of knowledge
‎ What are mu and M - U?
‎ Demographic parameters in statistics‎ Parameter is any summative number
‎ such as an average or percentage used to describe the entire population
‎ I will accept the population parameter
‎ Your answer is complete and correct
‎ With this incredible counterattack, I now announce that the champion team of this year 's All England Student Quiz is a narrow 8 9 to 8 8 victory.
‎ - Think Tank! ‎ - Great!


‎ congratulations
‎ thank you
‎ I didn 't expect you to come
‎ There will still be interview opportunities‎ but I can 't miss this one
‎ - Mom listens . . . ‎ - No don 't
‎ I 'll treat you to a strawberry milkshake on the way home‎ Come on

‎ - let 's play together tonight‎ - oh so good
‎ I feel like I don 't want to have sex yet
‎ It 's okay if we don 't have sex in the future‎ I just miss talking to you
‎ would be super embarrassing
‎ - Hey Xiaowei, are you going too? ‎ - Where to go?
‎ to see Jackson Marchetti make a fool of himself
‎ it 's not funny

‎ - please he 's an idiot athlete‎ - he 's not an idiot
‎ He 's trying something new that he may not be good at ‎ It 's brave
‎ But if you 're good at one thing, keep talking
‎ If you mean my Rubik 's Cube
‎ I 'm not just good at
‎ - I 'm actually number 2 8 . . . ‎ - We know Dex, we know
‎ We do know dude
‎ - half an hour until you leave the curtain ‎ - 5 , 6 , 7 , 8
‎ arm arm twist up and down
‎ Swing your hips, don 't swing your hips, I 'm a teacher
‎ Do you have an opinion, Quentin?
‎ I never thought you would come to Mrs Milburn
‎ My son attends this school Principal Grove
‎ I came as a parent
‎ I 'm so proud of you little frog
‎ - Don 't say that‎ - I mean it
‎ I know I 've done a lot of things wrong‎ and missed a lot of things‎ but I 'll never lose you again
‎ What 's going on?
‎ We are the Bureau of Social Services
‎ There are reports of people using drugs in the presence of minors
‎ Who reported it? Did you do it?
‎ I didn 't know they would come
‎ Someone reported it, right? sheer nonsense
‎ no bullshit mom
‎ Did you do it?
‎ I know you 've been on drugs again lately‎ Don 't lie
‎ she is not safe
‎ I made a mistake
‎ That was a mistake
‎ I went to rehab and they would help me
‎ You can 't take my baby
‎ We won 't take her away‎ We just have to look inside the RV
‎ - Stay away from my RV! ‎ - We can definitely fix this
‎ - but we gotta look inside‎ - Mom!
‎ If you make trouble, we will call the police
‎ - Mom just let them take a look inside . . . ‎ - Get away from me! Do not touch me!
‎ How can you do this?
‎ How could you do this to me?
‎ come
‎ come
‎ You take her things
‎ You said you wouldn 't take her away‎ but you lied
‎ You fucking lie
‎ A resident with a bad attitude is unwilling to cooperate
‎ We need assistance
‎ - I don 't know if I need a bow tie‎ - You look beautiful
‎ beautiful suit
‎ She dresses up for her new girlfriend
‎ Don 't say daddy
‎ What 's the problem? Didn 't you break up with him?
‎ to me dating lily now
‎ I don 't want to embarrass the scene
‎ not embarrassed
‎ very good
‎ Young people are weird
‎ Actually can I . . .
‎ I want to sincerely apologize to you‎ because I made it difficult for you and my mother
‎ I found out that I was not number one in her heart‎ It was hard for me to accept
‎ I am very immature
‎ I was an asshole before sorry
‎ Um. . . ‎ You 're a bit of a jerk
‎ But you 're also a good guy Otis
‎ Do you think so?
‎ I 'm sure
‎ let 's go
‎ Ladies and gentlemen please take a seat
‎ Ready to open . . .
‎ - Hey are you okay? ‎ - hmm
‎ Ladies and Gentlemen, please take your seats‎ Get ready to embark on a bizarre journey to the planet of Verona

‎ Isn 't it Shakespeare 's play?
‎ Yes I think our students‎ have adopted a postmodern approach
‎ Wherever you go

‎ - Sorry‎ - Teacher, I can 't be on stage
‎ - I 'll make a fool of myself‎ - Jackson Baby
‎ - You are not a good actor . . . ‎ - Yes
‎ . . . not yet
‎ The most important thing is that you are doing what you love
‎ Maybe you 're not nervous at all‎ Maybe you 're just super excited
‎ okay?

‎ Not in it? ‎ not

‎ Karl plays

‎ The story takes place in the beautiful Verona‎ Two families of equal fame
‎ Long-standing hatred and new resentment broke out‎ Citizens fight with each other
‎ The feud 's continuation of the ferocity of fate‎ took away‎ a pair of unfortunate lovers

‎ mom
‎ Mom please don 't talk to me
‎ I will never forgive you
‎ never
‎ come on baby
‎ You are so beautiful mom
‎ I 'm trying something new
‎ Is everything okay at school?
‎ How is your dad?
‎ not so good
‎ Maybe we can . . .
‎ to bring him back?
‎ oh baby
‎ Your dad should have fought for us a long time ago
‎ What does this mean?
‎ if you love someone
‎ Your heart will be faintly worried‎ You will lose each other one day
‎ I think your dad is too scared of that emotion so... . . ‎
‎ But you have to let your loved ones know how you feel‎ even if it makes you miserable
‎ Why?
‎ sounds scary
‎ because you live
‎ I have to go
‎ Look . . .
‎ here he comes
‎Please stand by and wait for me to ask him‎ What is on his mind to see if he ignores me?
‎ come madam let 's go
‎ - Damn‎ - Good Morning Cousin!
‎ Fuck!
‎ Good morning cousin!
‎ Colin Has anyone seen Jackson?
‎ Jackson, it 's your turn
‎ I go up again
‎ I know all the lines
‎ Shut me the fuck up Quentin‎ you bastard
‎ gosh
‎ - Good Morning Cousin! ‎ - On stage now!
‎ Remember you are not nervous you are just excited
‎ - Go! ‎ - Teacher!


‎ What happened to him?
‎ don 't know
‎ Get started!


‎ Good morning cousin!
‎ Is it still early?
‎ Back to the pool, Marchetti


‎ Jackson
‎ Is it still early?
‎ Is it still early?
‎ Is it still early?
‎ What grief makes Romeo longer?
‎ - Remember the Heartbeat‎ - What grief makes Romeo longer?
‎ I can 't get the favor of my crush
‎ Alas she is so gentle
‎ So wise you won 't laugh?
‎ Kind Romeo
‎ - Stop thinking about her! ‎ - You taught me how to forget
‎ - Her beauty . . . ‎ - Come on!
‎ Our cousin Mercutio is coming
‎ He makes fun of my scars ‎ but never hurts himself

‎ Mercutio in action

‎ dick in hand
‎ What?
‎ We were the wild thoughts in the minds of idiots‎ Like the moonlight of water‎ Through the minds of lovers, we meet every night
‎ Give them big dreams
‎ come harder‎ slide deeper‎ come with me to orgasm
‎ Oh Romeo . . .
‎ What happened to Mr. Hendricks?
‎ Artistic Expression Grove Principal


‎ Because the hands of saints may be touched by pilgrims‎ Palm touching the palm of the hand is the kiss of pilgrims
‎ Stop!

‎ I have something to say!


‎ - Adam? ‎ - Go . . . Colin takes control of Adam Grove


‎ I Repeat Control Adam Grove
‎ What are you doing?
‎ Adam get off the stage ‎ You ruined my moment
‎ Eric Effie Young
‎ Eric Effie Young I have something to say to you
‎ Adam here I am
‎ - He ruined my show‎ - What . . .
‎ Colin

‎ Eric . . .
‎ Effie Young
‎ I have something to say to you
‎ Fart, God damn it

‎ What do you want to say?
‎ I want to hold your hand
‎ say it again
‎ please?
‎ Would you hold my hand?
‎ I would

‎ Play the next song right away!
‎ through the middle of the vagina
‎ If love abuses you‎ You can abuse love too‎ His love is tender and his thorns are so hard‎ Cupid 's arrowhead has penetrated my chest . . .
‎ Don 't try to . . .
‎ Students have been rehearsing the principal very hard
‎ Maybe so. . . .
‎ Adam!
‎ good dad


‎ Calm down, Principal, please
‎ They have pussies on their heads!

‎ Preparing for semen
‎ Grove came on stage He came on stage
‎ Stop the show! stop! the show is over
‎ Why is Grove Ruining My Show? Colin
‎ - but we enjoyed watching it! ‎ - yes

‎ You guys love watching this dirty stuff!
‎ This is a funny show principal
‎ to engage . . .
‎ You . . . ‎ are all depraved by this woman . . . ‎!

‎ She Gives Your Kids Sex Advice‎ Filling Their Brains With Dangerous Nonsense
‎ Not quite
‎ I told her very clearly‎ She is not a consultant hired by the school
‎ I didn 't know she could be so unprofessional
‎ - Principal Grove‎ - Well she didn 't give sex advice
‎ it 's me
‎ I shouldn 't because I 'm only 16 years old and . . . ‎ I 've only had sex once
‎ Obviously not great but . . .
‎ But my mom is here to listen to your troubles‎ and give you advice‎ These advice should have been given by the school

‎ My mom is an excellent therapist‎ She is caring and considerate of others

‎ So she 's also an amazing parent

‎ ridiculous
‎ She told me my labia were normal length‎ reassured me
‎ She helped me accept myself‎ Changed my life
‎ I fucked a warm fruit‎ She said I was normal
‎ Please they 're still kids!
‎ They don 't know what they want
‎ It 's all your fault
‎ Principal Grove
‎ meet me outside
‎ right away

‎ completely ruined
‎ Supposed to be flawless
‎ I feel perfect
‎ Are you completely crazy?
‎ - That woman . . . ‎ - Nothing to do with that woman Michael

‎ I know your wife has left you‎ You live at school
‎ You obviously can 't accept this reality‎ You need to rest for a while
‎ I 'm fine
‎ This is mandatory
‎ Your vacation starts today

‎ Listen I know I still have a lot of places‎ I need to make up for you
‎ Do you have time to chat later?
‎ yes
‎ If you want to reunite with Jacob‎ I have no problem
‎ No more annoying only-child behavior
‎ I promise‎ - Dex, have you met Maeve? ‎ - Haven 't seen her and didn 't come



‎ Adam
‎ This is my mom and my sisters
‎ Nice to meet you Adam
‎ - Hey‎ - nice to meet you

‎ - I 'll be right back‎ - ok

‎ - You were so brave just now‎ - Thank you
‎ You must find time to come over for dinner
‎ - ok‎ - I 'll cook you fish and rice with chili peppers

‎ Rahim
‎ - Raheem I 'm sorry I didn 't know him . . . ‎ - Don 't apologize will only make things worse

‎ be careful
‎ He can hold your hand‎ but I 'm not sure if he can hold you

‎ I think you 're probably the smartest person I 've ever met
‎ Absolutely
‎ I 'm thinking‎ it might be a good thing to start making friends
‎ Waiting until college to make friends may be extreme
‎ you still have a friend
‎ If you still consider me a friend
‎ I miss playing with you girls
‎ I miss
‎ Can we be friends again?
‎ good
‎ Be good buddy
‎ remove

‎ I miss you


‎ I miss you too
‎ - How are your moms? ‎ - I started psychotherapy again
‎ I need this so . . .



‎ I think you can hug me



‎ come in
‎ you did it right
‎ I still feel bad
‎ Do you want to come in?
‎ I can make omelettes
‎ Or you do it and I watch

‎ good

‎ You have no milk
‎ Do I look like a store goer?
‎ Okay I 'll go buy something

‎ Buy some chips
‎ Hey!
‎ Maeve is not there

‎ Do you know when she will be back?
‎ Not sure

‎ Can you tell her I 've been here?
‎ and . . . ‎ ask her to read text messages
‎ good
‎ thank you
‎ You have a new message

‎ Hey Maeve
‎ I know you can 't answer the phone right now‎ because I 'm watching you on live TV
‎ But I want you to know that I 'm proud of you
‎ how stupid I have been all this time
‎You tell me you have feelings for me‎ It 's enough to have you
‎ I want to do the right thing
‎ but forget what the right thing is
‎ it 's you
‎ it 's always been you
‎ I love you Maeve
‎ call me back
‎ Hope it 's not too late. . . ‎ Message deleted


‎ Subtitle translation: Yang Haixia
