what are you doing
The light turned red so I stopped
You 're driving a stolen police car with a dead prostitute in the trunk
No need to obey traffic laws
I know
It 's fun to choose to follow the rules
You didn 't go to the faculty rendezvous?
It 's a pity that you didn 't go there. The dessert should not be too delicious (also means banana)
sorry to say that is a bit misleading dessert is pie
But the pie should not be too tasty (bananas)
In fact, the pie is cherry pie but it doesn 't taste too good (banana)
Hosting a sorority is a waste of college money
Our university would be better if we could spend less money on boring activities and more money on scientific research
you are a theoretical physicist
Don 't you just need an office and a whiteboard?
One day I need to prove the new formula for entropy reduction due to quantum decoherence, and that 's when money will be needed.
Your theory is quite abstract
I don 't even know how to design an experiment to prove it
Are you not an experimental physicist?
Here 's how you can save money in college
8 8 6 Leonard
wait a minute
what he said makes sense
In order to prove your string theory research you have to create a black hole
Isn 't the earth about to be destroyed?
Maybe, but everyone died knowing I was right
Maybe you can create a closed microscopic black hole
funny
welcome back leonard
I 'm sorry, go away
what did i do
well said
Translator Lemon Translator Austin Sister Translator Soda
Proofreading Soda Special Effects Max Coordinator K ate
The Big Bang Theory Season 11, Episode 22
gun subtitle group
original translation
Honorary production
Cooperation negotiation Q : 8 6 4 4 1 3 4 5 9
this is so pretty
Too much clavicle leakage my mom wouldn 't agree with

She said that the collarbone is attractive to look at the chest
Can 't wait to get drunk and fight your mom at the wedding
I can 't tell which one looks good on me
Looking at the photos just gives you an idea
you want to wear simple and elegant
do you want a skirt (train pun)
Are you talking about trains?
not the kind you like
I like all trains, steam trains, diesel trains, coal trains, high-priced trains, motor trains
I don 't believe you can find a train that I don 't like
the one behind the wedding dress
I didn 't expect this to be awesome
Just so we talked about clothing
I 'm going to the university tomorrow to apply for funding
what to wear
I can lend you a concentration bra I wear every time someone buys me booze

How much do you want to apply for $500 million
then don 't wear a bra
What do you want so much money for?
I came up with an experimental design that might prove my latest discovery in string theory
I only need 2 1 4 8 high power lasers to compress 20 micrograms of gold to make it small enough to create a microscopic black hole
Just nod

Sheldon, they can 't give you $500 million.
I 've always said that it can make people 's brains younger and younger. University didn 't give me that much money.
Can you
Of course not shh
But I need so much money this is the only solution
The solution to the contradiction between gravity and quantum mechanics
You want too much, you can 't apply for it in one go
If I ask them to give me the easy six times, it 's only $83, 333, 333.33 each time
What if you apply for 20 million
Sorry, I want to do research, not to hire Miss Gaga to celebrate my birthday
Do you know who Miss Gaga is?
Maybe it 's Gaga 's wife.
Sheldon Penny is right
Sometimes if you want a lot from people you have to be careful not to scare them away
You have to start small and get more and more even if it takes you 8 years
eight long years
It 's strange that you say it so specific
Have you ever done this kind of thing?
no
There are so many high power laser arrays ■ ■
Watch the latest popular American dramas on the Renren video app
Scan to download now
you can
solve forever
The Information Paradox of Black Holes
That 's great. How much do you need?
$20 million
Really
Is $20 million enough for your experiment?
no door
Well, why do you want $20 million?
It 's easier to give me another 50 million after you spend 20 million dollars
So with 70 million you can do the experiment
I can understand your brain circuit but it 's also wrong
You can 't go to the board and say you gave Sheldon Cooper $70 million and nothing to show off
Your only way to save yourself is to double-raise

So you want 140 million?
then double
280 million
Then the good news doesn 't have to be doubled for the last time
What do you think
Is the deal
did he reject you
Reject only two words
try multiplying by two
Sorry Sheldon, but this happens all the time
Higgs had to wait nearly 50 years to build a collider big enough to prove his theory
50 years
But the Lun family wants to play now
You can only wait until science develops to keep up with your progress or technology falls in price
Think DVD players used to sell for a thousand dollars, but I used it to fight bugs the other day.
you just have to be patient
But what if someone more ruthless than me pestered the university to fund them while I waited patiently?
If there is someone more ruthless than you
please let him contact me
i don 't want to contact
I can 't wait for college to change its mind
I 'll find another way to raise money
If you set up a booth and people pay to throw pie in your face
I 'm willing to pay $20
If I could throw a DVD player, I 'd give 40
would you like to drink champagne
Thank you
- thanks - no problem
awesome
Are you talking about helping Amy choose a wedding dress or drinking during the day?
It 's just cool, don 't think too much
How
Amy gosh
you look so beautiful
feel beautiful too
Look, the collarbones on both sides are exposed.
pick it up mom
As the saying goes, if there is a gap, it will be exposed.
Is it possible that the first wedding dress I try is the one that belongs to me
Do not be silly
You can 't just buy a wedding dress.
like marrying your first man
I can 't buy one if I can 't try it.
And little finger sandwiches
It 's amazing here finger sandwiches are fun
When the two fight together, it becomes a normal sandwich
Sisters have a problem
- are you all right - what 's the matter
Every wedding dress is beautiful
Look at your waistline
Where did you hide it before?
Bernadette 's special
Penny now you compliment me
If Sheldon sees you wearing this dress, he 'll want to methodically take it off, fold it up, and put it carefully in the organizer.
label and rape you
should i try a few more
do you find it interesting
Is it interesting to be beautiful?
Of course it 's interesting
good to continue
found it
best wedding dress for me
do you like it
How do you like it
I like

+ 1
- Leonard - here we go
Are you occupied
No, just sitting at the desk and typing on the computer

I guess so too, but I don 't want to take it for granted
Can you help me make a crowdfunding video
Do you really think anyone can raise $500 million for you?
Of course not, but if I can raise enough seed money to show that I 'm serious, I 'll attract more investors Dad
Check out these awesome rewards I can offer
For only $50,000, I 'll check your diet and create a custom excretion schedule for you
It 's fitting to say that, 50,000 US dollars is 'wasted'.
what about this
For $100,000 I 'll design a banner for your house or apartment
spend a hundred dollars
I 'll visit in person and tell you what 's wrong with this guy
You haven 't charged me for so many years
Don 't meet Leonard too easily
That 's one of your faults
This time I went back to try the wedding dress, and it was very successful.
Yes
Amy found a wedding dress she liked
Yes, it is
She found a
Like a wedding dress that makes her very happy
she does look beautiful
Her face is radiant so
That 's right, we should have told the photographer to take a good photo of her face

So you also think that wedding dress is not good-looking?
That wedding dress should be thrown into the fire pit
should we talk to her
no
But you don 't think she took us there
Just want to hear our honest opinion?
no one wants to hear the truth
i would
not also
I don 't want her to look back and feel like she made a bad mistake
Are you talking about your stupid cookie monster tattoo?
Are you happy?
Someone has to tell the truth
If we don 't talk about the wedding now, someone will talk about it.
But we have to be polite
have to say
what happened to the wedding dress
don 't you like
- don 't like - super beautiful der
Stewart I want to sell comic books
I 'm familiar with this way
Drop out of art school before selling
why are you selling
University refused to fund my experiment so I had to raise money to do my own research
how much money do you need
First I want to raise $500,000
Hope you 're selling a real superman with a rare superman print on it
I know you 're joking, but there 's real comics in there
This is only the first box, I have more
Let 's see what you brought
Is this Todd McFarlane 's full version of Spawn?
That 's right
look at this
Extra Large X-Men One
Blue Wayne 's reboot of this series
Of course I know what it is I bought it home
They were then wrapped in white cotton gloves and sealed with tape
ok but you know
I 'm going to open it up and evaluate it
please be gentle
It hasn 't been touched by a man yet
You don 't seem very happy to sell them
Of course I don 't want to sell it
These are important to me but science is more important to me and if selling them is the price I will pay
Well then you leave these here
I 'll set a price for you
can i stand here and watch
of course can
If anyone asks, tell them I 'm brave
I can 't believe you just betrayed me
Isn 't it just crazy
All right
Do you know who I became just now?
- Simple bad guy - that
Why didn 't you tell her you didn 't like that wedding dress either?
I mean didn 't we talk about it before?
I 'm sorry you 're your first day as a girl
Did your mom prepare lunch for you?
Of course not
Do you know how much it costs to ship a tuna sandwich from Texas overnight on dry ice?
I know how much, my mom said it was too expensive
i like tuna
So do you want it? I 'll sell it to you for five thousand dollars
How 's your fundraising going?
It depends on the situation. Raj, do you want to buy it?
Not buying
Not well raised
how much have you raised now
My first fundraising method was selling my collection and I had about 65,000 in the bank.
That 's quite a lot
Yeah but it 's not enough
I 'm really confused that science can be a slave to almighty money
Well don 't give up you 'll always get your money somewhere
- do you really think so - no
But he has a hobby
Have you considered going to Vegas?
can you be more specific
Las Vegas
Are you talking about gambling?
It doesn 't seem like the worst idea
This Is The Worst Idea Consequence See The Year Raj Only Wears Tracksuits
Ordinary people can 't calculate casinos, but mathematicians and scientists can easily do it
There 's a bunch of MIT students who won millions from Las Vegas and they 're just MIT
howard 's school
come on Sheldon
I 'll drive you to the desert right now
don 't go to vegas
Yeah, because we can 't get to Vegas either.
Do you have time
Depends on whether the clothes I 'm wearing now are alright or do I need to change first

listen i 'm sorry
I shouldn 't say I don 't like your dress
This is your wedding and the most important thing is that you feel beautiful
thanks
So we 're alright
no problem
you ruined my wedding dress
Why did I just say you should wear it?
Now I can 't wear it, I know you don 't like it
I have this idea in my head right now
no i don 't hate your dress
I ask you if you like it and you say you don 't
There is a big difference between dislike and dislike.
You know the difference between rice pudding and jazz
Besides, who cares what I think?
I care, you are among the people I know
The coolest and most beautiful person who knows how to dress
Well I 'd be flattered if I hadn 't known who you all know
listen to Amy
I don 't even know what to say. I think I 'm too concerned.
That 's not a dress I 'd choose, but it wasn 't my choice.
That 's your wedding dress
I mean, would you choose to marry Leonard?
don 't be disgusting
Well, you can just say no, but you know what I mean, right?
Are you saying we 're not the same kind of people?
yes from now on i will remember this wedding is all about you
I appreciate you saying that
you are a good chief bridesmaid
it 's Bernadette
I didn 't feel good about letting Penny take the blame.
I actually don 't like that wedding dress either.
are you kidding me
Now Bernadette doesn 't like that dress either?
oh she 's the worst
Has anyone seen Sheldon?
The last time I saw him was this morning
Be careful not to mention his name a third time
You wouldn 't think he actually went to Las Vegas, would you?
Five red numbers
That 's it
- everything is fine sir - oh hello
It could not be better
I 'm a physicist and I 've been watching this roulette wheel for hours and have done a chi-square test on it. Chi-square test is a hypothesis testing method that counts how far the actual observed value of a sample deviates from the theoretically inferred value.
So I now know that the ball landed on 3 2 1 7 or 5
very likely
So if you 're willing to wait a bit for the next bet
I want to make some bigger bets
Then you 're awesome, security
what security
- Sir, would you like to come with us - oh no
I gotta bet first it 's for science
- 1 7 black number - no no no
Guess who can 't step in now

You look very beautiful
Really
Because I 'm going to return this one
why are you back
you look like a flock of swans
I 'm glad you like it because this is my wedding dress
I can 't wait to marry you
why do you smell like smoke
i went to vegas before
Vegas
sorry las vegas
■
■
■
Renren Video APP to watch American dramas online, offline HD cache, and more massive HD movies
Scan the code to download immediately
Special recommendation
■
All major application markets can be downloaded
■
X gun rubbing team paid to recruit translation members and sincerely invite you to join the Q group: 5 4 5 0 5 3 4 3 5 Please indicate your position: translator, interpreter, aegisub special effects (skilled hand) Another: long-term recruitment living in the United States, Canada children 's shoes, help to record CC subtitles (paid, skilled hands are required) Contact QQ: 8 6 4 4 1 3 4 5 9 Note: CC subtitles
■
■
Watch the latest popular American dramas on the Renren video app
Scan to download now
