NETFLIX ORIGINAL SERIES YOU CAN GO IN Maybe we can learn from you about last May 's events

first memory begins

My first contact was on the 15th
Move the mic a little closer, please?

here?
My first contact was on the 15th
Title: Public Enemy on the Internet
(May 15th)
( first day)
Chancellor Tom Pickering upholds government 's stance on disability pensions
Outrage over the death of 'wheelchair martyr' Guan Marbury continues to grow as more than 20,000 people have signed a petition calling for newspaper columnist Joe Bowles to be fired
Because she published an article about Marbury, causing huge controversy
Defenders have announced another wave of eradication
Siberian Siberian Crane Going Extinct Due to Dramatic Decline in Wetland Habitat
Unmanned insects that simulate bees are vulgar
It has entered its second summer since its launch



hope you are ashamed of yourself
- stinky woman - it 's my pleasure
(86 new comments mentioned you)


Eubos?
Joe Bowles
Will it detonate no matter what 's in it?
This is for you from the bakery
thanks. . .

Hello dear

Sincerely, to those who wish you 'the best of luck'
(damn bitch)
- don 't eat - this is cake, it 's for people to eat
I 'm going to take a bath
(Joe Bowles, Unstoppable, Fearless)
(Not worth the tears for the martyrs)
('Wheelchair Martyr' Guan Ma Baili was hailed as a hero)
(Yesterday police helped 'wheelchair martyr')
(Joe Bowers is human rubbish)
(Is this sarcasm? Treat it with respect)
(Let 's study hard)
(Stinky bitch, you have no mercy)

(96 of your more than 200 new notifications mention you)
(inappropriate)
(hope you are in a wheelchair)
(I will celebrate)
(Q: Who is the worst? Answer: Joe Bowles)
(Joe Bowles, fuck you)
(disgusting stinky bitch)
(Joe Balls die)
(Joe Balls is cheap)

Grammy winner and rapper Tasker interview continues Tasker, there are many people on the Internet

I want to imitate your video
But this one is our favorite, check it out
This little boy 's name is Aaron Sheen, and he 's nine years old.
This kid looks stupid
dancing sucks
He 's only nine, don 't be like that, he 's a good dancer
Please, this little bastard can 't dance at all
he should give up now
- Tasker - Don 't hate me for telling the truth
That silly little bastard can 't dance at all
He 's your number one wire, Tasker
don 't hate me for telling the truth
Thousands of tall buildings rise from the ground
From flat ground? I 'm much better looking than him . . .




- Detective Chief Inspector Parker? - The media are not allowed in
I 'm not the media, I 'm trainee police officer Lan Kesen I 'm your apprentice
my apprentice? That 's it... sorry, just call me Kaelin



- you said your name was . . . - blue
- blue blue? - Yes, not a nickname
My dad likes the pronunciation of this word

- Have you seen the corpse? - several times
- I mean watched the movie- Boss
This is Lan, she is my apprentice
- Senior Sergeant Nick Shelton - What 's the situation?
- Joe Bowles - is . . .
It 's that Joe Bowles
I saw what she wrote that day about the woman in the wheelchair
The click-through rate cheated, everyone is crazy
That article was pretty hot. Dalian I signed the petition.
hope she gets fired
bring it on

Neighbors heard her scream and called the police
struggle is intense


Was anyone else home at the time?
Husband, found slashed in abdomen
- What did she do? - do not know
He was unconscious and was taken to St. Columbus Hospital.

(Joe Bowles has a cordon outside the house, the police won 't catch her alive)
References to her are still being mass produced
The bolts are intact
- No other signs of break-in? - No, but there are monitors outside the house
Do we have a password for the monitor?


(Damn bitch)
Okay, check the images, bag the cake and take it to the toxicology department
Go for an autopsy, and we 'll interrogate her husband as soon as he wakes up.

let 's go


- Do you think her husband did it? - Anyone can
Cutting throats is unusual, guys, thanks
- But you think he did it? - Nothing is sure yet
These cases are almost always caused by alcoholism, drug use or domestic violence
That 's about it
- Are you going to drive home? - I don 't have a driver 's license and never passed the test
I 'm waiting for driverless cars to go mainstream
- Get on the train. - No, really, I 'll just take the subway.
- Get in the car - all right


- Have you ever been a tech crime department? - Digital Surveillance Science, Computer Murder
and after? Are you bored?
No, you also know how to hide from cybercriminals
Hoaxes, kill lists, child pornography won 't be boring
I remember people used to just put these ideas
hidden in my mind
That 's right, but they can 't help telling their buddies now
The Internet will absorb our experiences and know us well
If it 's so interesting why leave the surveillance department?

ronick case
- Ian Ronick? - That child homicide, yes
I cracked his loot folder

So you saw those pictures?
And the movie, I watched it all
See that kind of thing, you 'll change

You 're either getting hit or you 're thinking... . .
You 're thinking 'Damn I have to help stop this'
right
- In the field . . .
- What the bloody field?
You know what I mean, in this real world
Is it possible to prevent that?
you are still young
- Are you old? - is composure



thanks
- see you tomorrow- yes, boss

Journalist Joe Bowles was found dead at her west London home as the veteran columnist was caught in a storm of controversy
The cause was an article she wrote about disability activist Kwan Maberly
Police have not yet confirmed the cause of death . . .
( the next day)
( police station )
Just the first floor, in . . .




- Start work early? - I asked Nick to show me the monitor footage
- Yes? - right

No one came in or out, just Joe and her husband all night
- What about that one? - rear terrace
- Looks like it 's been broken for months - One can get in from there
They have to climb over the fence, go in and out
Knowing that a monitor failure is only possible, technically speaking
ok sorry


- You 're very helpful - what she just asked for
(Username: Joe Bowles Writer)
(smelly bitch, whore)
(Damn slut, die, kill)
(Sign petition to fire Joe Bowles writer immediately) (Joe Bowles writer burned to death)

I 'm comparing the last 4 8 hours against Joe Bowles
All threatening or insulting remarks

Don 't you think it 's a coincidence that everyone said it was her husband?
Not necessarily, everyone is scolding you
The pressure on their family must be unimaginable
That kind of internet talk is like the weather disappearing all of a sudden
It 's not serious, but the hate in marriage is real
That 's real hate, sincere


yes, i 'm divorced
Husband wakes up and can talk you 'll love his alibi
(St. Columbus Hospital)

I heard Joe screaming upstairs
I ran in and she stumbled around the room
She 's scratching . . . she 's scratching her head in pain
After a while, she stopped and then like a seizure, she...
wiggling all over, scratching your own skin

Then she turned around . . .
She bumped her head . . . hard against the desk
Then she pushed me away
The bottle must have burst at that time.
Then she . . . picked up the pieces and started mutilating herself
Here, she digs here

I tried to stop her

But that 's what she does
Then she slit her own throat
I tried to stop her but she cut her throat with glass

Self-harm and then suicide for no reason?
I don 't think it 's possible
He said she seemed to have a seizure
maybe there 's something in the cake
- cake? - Cake that says 'Damn bitch'
- Could there be something in it - poisoned?
- I don 't know - can cause people to commit suicide?
His testimony is credible

- he doesn 't look like . . .
- Don 't say 'that kind of person'
He 's an ordinary man, that 's what he is
So he grabbed her head and hit the table?
- Blue - Hold her firmly . . .
- Blue - what?
- The Toxicologist is examining the cake. - Good
Meanwhile, we 're going to visit the person who delivers the cake
Found the name this morning



- you don 't have to look like you 're on top - we 're doing what you want
- Follow up on another clue - what you think is a waste of time
Forcing a dead end will only prove that it is a dead end after all
Put it bluntly, that 's it
I don 't mean to waste time, just . . .
You haven 't got a chance to get tired of reality

Okay, that 's a bit high-profile
- Did this person deliver the cake? - right
- Have you checked her social status? - I have no idea
(it 's a good school)
'Go to hell with Joe Bowles,' the bakery she posted Monday morning said they didn 't want to do mean things
So I said it was for my sister, just kidding
they agreed

Aren 't their cakes cheap plus shipping, around £80?
I didn 't pay by myself
- £1 each of us - us?
Yes, I posted it on the communication board between mother and teacher Anqin
I help recruit
- Are you raising money? - Yeah, so to speak
Fundraising with 80 people?
Listen, I don 't... .
I 'm not kidding, okay? I know she 's dead but have you seen what she wrote?
How much do you think she could get for writing that shitty article?
I have no idea
- I 'm using free speech - sending threatening messages
It 's a joke, okay?
I know it would be a little weird if it was just me
but i 'm not crazy

you want her dead
NO, I have not

'Joe Bowers Die'
That 's just . . . a tag game
It 's like 'Fuck you' inserting a jerk 's name
- It 's not true, it 's just a joke - who started this hashtag?

i don 't know . . . i saw somewhere
excuse me


Toxicology says cake is ok
They also said: 'Thanks, it 's delicious'


We gave her a warning of the 'Offensive Communications Act'
- Does this include cake? - In her case


What about other donors? Are you going to tell them too?
- I did nothing - started a thread
(Joe Bowles writer die)
The hospital will discharge her husband tomorrow
we 'll ask him

Blue? We 're going to arrest the husband, don 't get too hung up on it
Internet townspeople will hate another person today
Tasker
Everybody hates Tasker because of that kid
Making a big splash on social media
Lysa is getting ready to send the cake again.
- see you tomorrow - bye
(Go home, Tasker to death)




Where are my ladies?
- Great show.- Yes, great show, bro
- I 'm in good shape. - Would you like a little bit?
- What did you smoke? - good stuff
All right
damn

careful. . .
take it easy, it 's legal here
Always forget, welcome to Europe
- but a little less thrilling - and you say
Be careful, if you break it, you will pay
always clumsy

Come on, I need help here



- here I am - take it out . . .
call the ambulance

starting


- Did he say what? - no

(the third day)
Good morning. . .

she is here
During my autopsy, I found the wound wasn 't just a glass cut
There is a hole, dug in it is hollow like a small tunnel
So I stuck in and wondered how deep it was and it went all the way to her ear canal, right into the brain
i found this inside
It 's comfortable to lie down inside
- This is the kind of bee - no pest control
Particle Project 's Autonomous Unmanned Insect
- How did it get in? - I think it was drilled in
- bullshit - it 's not the worst
it burrowed right into the back of her insula
Basically the pain center of the brain
an unparalleled excruciating pain
- You will do anything to stop it - even slitting your own throat





- Good afternoon - Detective Chief Inspector Parker
- Trainee Constable Lam Kesen- Okay, thank you



These companies are really cool
- Spend billions to build the brand - they can afford it
Almost the entire pest free program is government-funded
so many people doubt it
I 'm guessing, they 're internet guys?
They think the government uses these bees to spy on people
schizophrenic worldview
God, I didn 't think I 'd live in the future
But here it is true

- Kalyn Parker? - right
Vanessa Doyle
please follow me


Do you want to know about our Hive Free Pest Control Program?
That 's right
Is there a specific reason?
have

Rathmus

Rasmus Soberg
- he 's the swarm leader - nice to meet you
Hello. . .
- great conservatory - yes

your bees, no pest control, explain to me
Colony Collapse Syndrome: We Still Don 't Know Why Bees Are Endangered
So our job without pest control is to effectively replace them
They are solar powered, they don 't need nectar but pollen the same way
They crawl inside and the pollen sticks to their feet
brushed off as they fly to another flower
- Can they make honey? - No, I 'm just joking


How do they know where the flowers are?
they have sensors
Like a camera? No, just basic vision sensors
They require basic type recognition
in order to find compatible flora, and then guide
- Will they lead? - Yes
Wouldn 't it be . . manipulating them?

They are autonomous, yes they make their own decisions
they take care of themselves
Yes, there are Pest Free all over the UK
We can 't command each one individually
logically impossible
No, we just set the behavior and let it go
They can even build their own beehives and they will breed . . .
- Will they breed? - yes, every hive is a replication point
- Basically like a 3D printer - that 's right
they create their own complexes
Build more hives, proliferate
throughout the country
- Maybe you should come here to work - I 've read these kinds of articles
- amazing- indeed, it 's just a shame that it had to be done
Failure to do so will result in environmental havoc
Bees are on the brink of extinction
What are you doing here?
We think you have an uncontrolled bug that may be related to a mysterious murder
Sorry, murder?



Yes, ours, but listening to their purpose is not . . .

kill? Hope not, is it possible to malfunction?
No, I mean . . . although there may be malfunctions
but they disintegrate and hit the ground
What if someone hacked into its body and found a way to control it? impossible
Yes, it has military-grade encryption
You need a diagnostic controller, also encrypted
So I say the probability is . . .
I don 't know what he 's talking about, but it 's not impossible

This is every hive we have online
Look, these are the beehives in this building
- How many bees are there in each hive? - about four thousand
- Like air traffic control - is that a search input?
- Yes, but you need to . . . - borrow it

Zip code for Joe Bowles

Is that the person?
- You said some bees were malfunctioning - yes, a few
They hit cars or something and someone even caught them
Put them in the microwave and make a web video
Will it log any bees that get out of the system?
- Yes, it records everything - is there any out-of-groups around here on Monday night?
i can check
Only one, out of the group at 19:03 here, I can replay
there
- That 's weird - where is it?
They fly from one area to another as they pass through different hives
- It 's like . . . - like a phone signal between cells
Yes, it will try to do that but nothing has conversion
Unless someone fakes a hive and uses it to overrun your uncontrolled bugs
No, this can only be done by diagnosing the controller
- How wide can a range cover? - maybe 10 to 20 meters

whoever controls will never be more than 20 meters away
- Outside the house - yes, even in the car
- Can you trace who did it? - Yes, I 'm already tracking

listen to me, it 's better if no one looks at me

Okay you two exchange phones, keep the line open
Can the system be shut down if necessary? hypothetically
Even brief suspensions can hurt ecosystems We need approval from the Department of Environmental Affairs
List of pellet planners we need to enter the system
both before and now
Some used to be government employees
It is easier to identify with different fonts
goodbye



Nick, this is a record of the participants in the pellet program
Filter out any suspicious person maybe more than one, maybe a group involved
we should refer to the National Crime Investigation Agency
But they absolutely can 't let me go
The National Crime Investigative Service already knew
What?

Detective Chief Inspector Kalyn Parker?

- Yes - Sean Lee, National Crime Investigative Service
How did you come here?
Not only one such case



This is Tasker, last night
- Damn- they thought it was convulsions that took him to the hospital and had to anaesthetize him to stop him from self-harming
X-rays show what appears to be some kind of plaque or tumor in his brain
So I had him take an MRI.
Yes, basically a big magnet slashed his head, through the eye sockets
An uncontrolled insect was also smashed

Yours is more complete so I need it for analysis
that 's evidence
Two cases have constituted a pattern that directly overturns the theory of malfunction
- And the victims are very similar - similar?
Both were scolded online
There are a million easier ways to kill someone
You can do it as long as you are opposite
Without fingerprints, DNA is like killing with your mind

damn

damn

everyone, come here

Well, Joe Bowles and Tasker have both been scolded for hours on the internet
But in their case, everyone also reposted their photos on social platforms
Labeled 'go to hell' - like the teacher just now - didn 't know where she saw it, but looking back

It looks like this tag was first used last weekend
Who initiated it?
It appears to be . . . from the exact same set of bot accounts
Automatically generated, like spam
Someone wants to spread the label
Like bait, someone wants someone else to take the bait
You look at the display picture of the initiator
Bee
Damn, it 's not over yet


Each chapter is accompanied by an introductory video
- here - aftermath game it 's like a grudge race
Find someone you don 't like if enough people choose the same name
that person will be the target
here you see
aftermath game
- One, choose a target - Omg
Two, post their name and photo with a 'go to hell' sticker
Three, the most popular targets are cleared every day after 5pm

Four, the game restarts at midnight - no - damn
Someone Holds a Public Poll, Kills a Celebrity
- God, it 's crazy - yeah, and it 's getting worse
Day 1, 63 people tagged Joe Bowles with this hashtag
Day 2, 2 2 3 people used to tag Tasker
- Who is using it now? - more people
There were a few votes against the chancellor but No. 1 . . .
It 's 880 people tagging a guy named Clara Mitz
- Who is she? - Clara Mitz
Well, it looks like she 's going to the exhibition
but taking a selfie in front of a war memorial
- Pretend to pee on it - Good job, Clara
Yes, the poll is almost over and more and more references to her
- Has the news of Tasker 's death been heard yet? - right
Some people don 't understand the use of labels, they just use it to scare her
- Yes, but they 'll kill her - we have to find her by 5 o 'clock
Yes, bring up her citizenship profile
you should not have access
I know, I 'm just looking for her location
have
(It sucks, fuck the trashiest guy Clara Mitz)
(Death to Clara Mitz)
(What is Clara doing?)
(someone died for your freedom)
(Fuck you, Clara Mitz, get out)
(Seriously, someone has to. . . ) Hello?
What?

yes she is, ok . . . please wait
Clara
Police, how can they have my phone number when they are looking for you?
- okay? - Clara Mitz?
I 'm Detective Chief Inspector Kalyn of the Metropolitan Police.
Sorry to disturb you suddenly but we think you may be in danger
Sorry, is this a joke?  'Cause what I received wasn 't funny
I 'm not kidding, stay where we are until we get past
window closed
I 'm going to set up a cordon
Inform Rasmus that we need his participation




- Rasmus- hello blue, I 'm passing a set of zip codes and my satellite fix, I want you to monitor this area
Track my location to see if there are any unseen things or uncontrolled bugs out of the pack, okay?
Well . . . listen, if they come back I should be able to catch them
I 've set traps so we can catch them if they want to repeat the trick


- Are you Batman? - this just launched
It will turn every red light from here to there to green
Damn, if the NCSI did the same, I 'd apply for a transfer
lets go

(House number H 2 NB 4 8 2 )
We can bring her here, which is usually the home of terrorist informants

target not seen
This is a police action
Everyone immediately leaves the warning range
please leave . . .

(intrusion detected)
- what is that? - someone trying to break in



- Rathmus? - I just detected someone trying to hack the network
Well, the particle program is hacked


- An uncontrolled bug just went offline - where?
- 800 meters away from your location - that 's outside our blockade
If anyone wants to track it and fly it here
When they see these cops, they turn around immediately




Clara Mitz? I 'm Karin Parker have you packed?
- Yes, by the door - Okay, let 's go


- Did Rathmus track them down? - not yet
(tracking)

It 's just a precaution, and it 's only for one night

I 'm going to report to the bureau


Hello
no, not yet
Hope never particle planners are underway
clear


Sean said they let the witness live here for a while
- There must be children - do you have children?
no
no plan

go upstairs



- Rathmus - still no news, I can 't track it

at least a suite


- Still no news? - right
Everyone has carefully arranged the path

that is not. . .


- Oops - what?
- We just lost an entire hive - what do you mean?
It 's all bug free, and it 's all gone
- Rathmus - there are thousands in it
- where? - close to your location
- Rathmus, again - Blue?
blue, it 's very close to you . . .

Send me a message . . . Rathmus . . . Damn
Can I rearrange it?


Hello. . .



It 's all in their hands
we have lost control
- They 've got it all - what are you doing?
- Fix it soon, can 't you fix it? - To shut up
(A new message: get out now)


damn
we have to go, now, quickly


quick. . .

what happen?

Kalyn


get in there, hurry up



- Help me seal the gap - what 's going on?
you scared me


hateful


fan. . .

drive it away

Take it easy

I 've seen a lot of dead bodies
at the crime scene, in the autopsy room
But I 've never seen anyone die
she is there
Can you describe your colleague 's reaction? Miss Colson
Blue is very self-blame


I 'll close first . . .
We think it 's a mystery guest nearby
Hijack an uncontrolled bug and control it

As a result, thousands of
- So that can 't be the reason, can it? - right
- One can 't handle hundreds of them at once- yes
Whoever they are, they control the whole system
- Do you know where the controls are? - Anywhere possible
you have to find out asap

How does Uncontrolled Pest know who is the target?

Possibly the same way you found Clara through an identity database?
No, this only finds the base area
We were in the room too, they just attacked her
Must be facial recognition . . .
This means their vision sensors have also been hacked
- Impossible - this is the only explanation
The visual image between each uncontrolled insect and the hive is safe and sound
- look - although . . . there is one condition for the government to fund this program . . . well, enough
- We must agree to allow the government to . . .
- Enough . . . to have access to visual images during 'Enhancing National Security'

So from what I understand, it 's always
- I don 't quite agree. - The people at your company agreed.
This implies more possibilities than you claim
- So they 're spying on us - these are classified
So how do you do it? Put it in the back door to arrange the route through the Government Communications Headquarters?
You install monitors, traffic cameras
So why not monitor this too?
Listen, that thing has millions flying out there, it 's awesome to maintain the ecosystem, save the planet, hallelujah
The government will not rush into billions
Just because a researcher said that and got 200 green votes
They see a lucrative opportunity and take it
Thorough National Surveillance
We tracked suspects for weeks in unimaginable ways
- We prevented bombings and massacres - by spying on the masses
Keep them safe too, that 's what they want but Clara Mitz isn 't safe, right? Sean

It might have helped us if we had known the news you knew earlier
But you 're just clinging to that damn secret
Well, the government is crap, we already know that
Clara 's story will soon spread
Everyone will wake up and find that this crazy assassination game is still going on
The next corpse will appear soon

- So what should we do? - I have no idea
We were completely kept in the dark, totally blind
If I could find out how they hacked
Maybe flip the manipulation and take back control
Does Uncontrolled Insect have a command log? Built-in buffer?
- Yes, but encrypted - OK, I need a password


Ripped through all employee files to find some suspects
bring it
Are you going to attend the particle interview?
i have somewhere to go


It 's 7:15 (day 4)
Three killings linked to a hashtag circulating on social media
Controversial journalist Joe Bowles . . .
Good morning, have you posted the tags?
Is this true or an urban legend?
There are thousands of people involved but to what extent are they involved?
Someone died, we want to hear your thoughts
Seven lines, Anna Li . . . this is true, it really happened
- Glad to see her die . . .
- not the tags that killed them
(Death Tag Poll) It 's just a game
You should be humiliated if you 're an asshole
Steve, Five Lines
Yes, but my point is that someone must be number one, right?
So why not find someone who deserves it?
Celebrities, politicians . . . everyone
But that doesn 't mean you have to watch from the sidelines - encourage participation - it 's already happening
Everyone knows they can fill in at any time
Because no one 's going to know if they did or not, let 's pause for a moment to review the top five
As we 've always mentioned, the minister is the first
I want you to think about this
What does the choice of country tell us?
I 'm not surprised he 's at the top of the list
He 's been unpopular for a long time
But will that make him the top spot? But what I 'm saying is that you don 't have to worry too much
He is now at the top of the list
There should be more discussion and possibly more votes
(paired with non-controlling HV 2 0 1 0 1 2 5 2)
thank you for coming


- not optimistic? - right




- great - yes
- But when can it be closed? - Tom
Forgive me for doubting the competence of your Bureau of Investigation
- Tom - I 'm meat on the cutting board now
Top of the list, the people 's choice
Fellington fourth, but he has a pedophile
- Suspected pedophile - he is, you know it

Hurry up and shut down all social media the whole damn internet, stop everything
today is fine
At least until the authorities do something to catch someone
I don 't recommend turning off the internet
- But is it possible? can we do it? - Whole social media?
- Yes, by North Korean means - yes, strictly speaking
- Okay, then shut it down - that 's not a good idea - isn 't it? - in my opinion not
Well, as a locked target I can 't agree more
Even if we shut down the internet you 're still on top, I promise you
He 's right, there 's at least a few hours left if we let things go.
Anything can happen before 5pm Voting is subject to change
Yeah, maybe not that archive report?
That memo about Fellington from 1985?
- That incident is not related to this - leaked out
Tom, this is defamation
Downright slander, I hope so
He 's at least 80 years old and he 's old enough to catch him as a scapegoat
Let me suggest another option and we 'll get you to a safe place
- will have you in place by 5 o 'clock - your transfer last night was great
I show you



Next up is Tess Wallander, she 's just a junior
no technical expertise
- Withdrawal from pellet program for personal reasons - Nervous breakdown
Worked in the human resources department of Granules before quitting
Pictured of a man in the subway saying he molested her
Said something nasty or something
It turned out that he had a learning disability, so she was scolded. . .
on social media



hello . . . my name is Detective Chief Inspector Kalyn Parker
(ready to download cache)
It feels like the whole weather system is working against me
One message after another of hate messages keeps coming, more and more
It 's hard to describe what effect this has on the brain
Suddenly a million invisible people are all saying how much they despise you
like mental illness

damn
What?

Damn I admit I made a mistake
But the way people enjoy attacking me is what bothers me
The leisure fun they enjoy . . .
I just feel like I can 't take it anymore

who found yours?
Gary, my roommate
He found me in the bathtub five minutes after I self-harmed

crazy
I was confused and he dragged me out of the tub I told him to go out and said, 'I 'm not dressed' He tied a towel to my wrist to keep me awake
Pulled my hair and talked to me until the ambulance came

Kind of weird I think he 's always been interested in me
We work in the same place so . . . a little awkward

- He works for a pellet company? - Yes, the no-bug program.
- He 's a real genius, super smart - what 'd you say his name was?
Gary . . . Gary Scouss



Gary Scouss, we need Gary 's whereabouts . . .
Scouss, we 're just going to tell you
It 's hiding in the memory of the uncontrolled bug that attacked Joe Bowles
- what? - Manifesto, 98 pages of manifesto
(The Fangs of Consequences, Gary Scouse 's Manifesto)
And look at this, there 's a selfie in there
(this is not a show)

can we start?



OK, the explosives are ready
OK, step back

we 're all ready here
detonate
Okay, so the plan is that we put you in the bunker
Destroy every hive in a 16 km radius
And leave me there? how long?
It 's just a stopgap
How long does it take to get rid of all the hives?
There are 20,000 or 30,000 in total, and it will take two years
Two years, one death a day
More importantly, the impact on the environment . . .
fuck it
hateful
- what? - damn


go away . . . go away
my goodness, run away

What is your backup plan?
(The Fangs of Consequences, Gary Scouse 's Manifesto)

He was on the original staff roll but we didn 't count him
He left the country six months ago
We thought we were looking for someone nearby
Trying to track down his whereabouts, trying to find clues about the productive lunatic is the trickiest' thanks to the technological revolution
We have the right to be angry and blame recklessly
Only the power that is forced upon us by cognitive technology
. . ' (Freedom of Hate Speech) Is this thesis throughout?
He compares humans to insects, says we enjoy cruelty, says it 's a weakness that we should eradicate in our reproduction
The recurring theme is that he wants humans to face the consequences of what they say and do
- He wants to force them to face - His purpose is to moralize?

He wants us to find this and spread it out to his
(Gary Scouss dies)
(this is not a show)
hateful
(You are not bait, words are weapons)
(sent)



hateful
Kaelin . . . he fucked
Did he put the document in there himself? His author name is in the metadata
But he removed everything else so we don 't know when he wrote it for example

Most of the photos were clipped from the internet except this one
- Selfie - that 's where he 's showing off
The call he took with his phone left a geotag on the photo
- so you know where he took it - I know the exact location
Here he is, where the pellet headquarters is
(Sheldon, Gary Scouse to die)
quick. . .



Armed police . . . get down

- Armed police, stay where you are - Armed police, come out now


move fast
left
Safety. . .
Safety

Lifestyle of the rich and famous


there, the furnace


good
Half of the hard drives I screened in the surveillance department had marks left on them.



- What do you think? - Yeah, looks like his kit
- Can you use it? - This is the door key so to speak
So you can take back control? Issue a stop command?
I have his source code
- I should be able to find out his location - ASAP
The key to the door? Our suspect doesn 't look like someone who would leave the keys alone
- I 'm in - OK, lift
- i need to fix permissions - dammit



- Strange - what?
- running out of time - that file, it wasn 't there before
- This file? - right

what is that?


- Blue? - I think what does the identification code mean?
Each phone . . . each device has a specific number, which is an identification code
it belongs to a specific user
- but I can look it up, reverse the search - come on
ok . . . take your time
- Who are these people? - I don 't know, there are 387,000 people

Are these codenames your monitor collecting?
- No, are you ready? - almost done
etc. . .

What 's that teacher 's name? Hate the cake that Lysa . . . Lysa Baja . . .
damn

Here is the full list of people who have used that tag
What?
Everyone who has ever played a game of consequences
Looks like they got their codenames through GCHQ
It seems that the back door can go in and out.
- See if I 'm in there - what?
I posted a tag earlier with Scouss 's avatar
- want to see his reaction - almost
yes, you are in there
(Nick Shelton) Almost there


Why did he collect everyone involved?

ok, i 'm ready

- Oops - do it now
No, think about it, he left us clues
- Come on - that picture that will find him whereabouts
It was a monstrous mistake for him, he knew we would do it
Now we 're going to end it all
Maybe it 's some kind of endgame that triggers something to do with that list

What if these people were his real goals?
These people on the list, everyone involved
as a result of
The hated character is the bait, the player is the target


- Execute the release command - Wait a minute?
- do - no
(command has been sent, processing)


That 's right
yes, it worked
sorry, but gotta do it




- Do not. . .
- what?
Do not. . .
damn
hateful

there are . . .

Sadly, but we know what happened later that week
And we don 't have to hear again how many lives were lost
yes, no

And what about Miss Curson?

I think she 's very self-blaming
No, I know she blames herself
She thinks she fell into his trap and screwed up the whole thing

She left the police and I have no news of her
Called her and tried emailing but no response
Then . . about four months later, her belongings were found


On the beach
And a note

Did she kill herself?
Basically, yes
Miss Parker, I commend you
Willing to share your testimony and time

thanks
thanks
(We need to know the truth)
(justice)
Predecessor

(a new message from an unknown number)
(caught him)
( delete)
