 * going out tonig, I 'm feeling all right
 * going to let it all hang out
 * wanna maksome noise, even raise my voice
 * yeah, I wanna scream and sho
 Morning, sheldon .
 Come dance with me . No .
 Why not ?
 Penny, while I subscribe To the " many worlds " theory which pots the existence Of an infinite number of sheldons
 In an infinite numbe of universes, I assure you that in none of them am I danci .
 Are you fun in any of them ?
 The math would suggest Th in a few I 'm a clown made of candy . *********
 **
 *** Eal day .
 Tell you what, next french toast day, iill make you oatmeal .
 Dear lord, areou still going to be here on french toast day ?
 Morning .
 Look, leonard, Penny made french toast .
 Sorr I haven 't given her your schedule yet .
 It 's an ical download .
 She can put it right in her phone .
 And I thought we agreed That you 'd have your conjugal visits in her apartmen We did, but there were extenuating circumstances .
 I see .
 Did her abysmal housekeeping skills Filly trump her perkiness ? No, her bed kind of ...
 Broke . That dsn 't seem likely .
 Her bed 's of sturdy construction .
 Even the addition of a second Normal size human being wodn 't cause a structural failure ,
 Much less a homunculus such as yourself .
 A homunculus ?
 Perfectly foed miniature human being .
 Oh, you 're my little homunculus .
 - N 't do that .
 - Sorry .
 Okay, who wants syrup and who wants cinnamon sugar ?
 I wa oatmeal .
 Yes, well, I want a boyfriend Whose roommate isn 't a giant pain in the ass . ' m sure that will happen soon enough .
 But in the meantime, I still wantatmeal .
 You know what, I give up .
 He 's impossible .
 I can 't be impossibi exist .
 I believe what you meant to say is , " I ge up, he 's improbable . "
 Sheldon, ou really need to find a better way Of dealing with penny . What am I supposed to do -- Oeat french toast on a nday ?
 Now, that would be impossible .
 I 'm just saying, you can catch more flies with honey Than with vinegar .
 You can catch even more flies with manure .
 What 's your point ? It 's a ...

 Y, that does smell good .
 Too bad it 's Monday .
 Okay, kim the night manager went on maternity leave ,
 And her husband 's name is sandy, right ?
 So get this -- Her replement is a woman named sandy Whose husband 's name is kim .
 I know . What are the odds ?
 Easily calculable . We begin by identifying a set of married couples With unisex names .
 We then eliminate those unqualified Forestaurant work --
 The aged, the imprisoned and the limbless, for exampl Look at ...
 Sheldon -- It 's an amazing coincence . Can we leave it at that ?
 I 'm sorry .
 Ooh, penny, It ******* sheldon, it 's as if you fadon 't think I 'll punch you .
 Come on, you guys, let it go .
 Fine, whatever .
 Are you finished ?
 Well, thank you . How thoughtful .
 Would you like a chocolate ?
 Um, yeah, sure .
 Thanks .
 What was that ?
 You said be nice to penny .
 I believe offering cholate to someone Falls within the definition of ne .
 It does . But in my experience, you don 't .
 There are more things in heaven and earth, horatio ,
 Than are dreamt of in your philosophy

 Now that 's yo Obnoxious and insufferable .
 What 's going on, day dwellers ?
 Oh, man, did the kiss army repeal " don 't ask, don 't tell " ?
 No . Raj and I are going to a goth club in hollywood To hang with the night people .
 Anybody want to come along ?
 Oh, wow, you 're actually going out like that ?
 No, no . I 'm going out like this ...
 Howard, what did you do ?
 They 're called tattoo sleeves . Look .
 **** Iraj got a set, too .
 Fantastic, right ?
 Put them on, he hot sex with some freaky girl With her business pierced , take them off, Ani can still be buried in a jewish cemetery .
 Yoknow, I 've always wanted To go to a goth nightclub .
 - Really ? - Banga !
 None of you ev see my practical jokes coming, do you ?
 Okay, how about you two ? Look, I 've got some extra tat sleeves .
 Why are you carrying extras ?
 In case I snag one on someone 's nipple ring .
 Uh, yeah, I think we 'll pass .
 Oh, is the missus speaking for the couple now ?
 In this case, u bet she is .
 Yes, she 's pushy, and yes, he 's whipped, But that 's not the exession .
 Come on, I want to stop at walgreens And pick up some more eyeliner .
 Th 're gonna get beaten up at that club .
 They 're gonna get beaten up at walgreens .
 Oh, sorry, sheldon . I almost sat in your spot .
 Did you ? I didn 't noce . Have a chocolate .
 Thank you .
 I think we 're fittingn quite nicely .
 It 'd help iyou weren 't drinking light beer .
 What 's so gothic about vodka and cranberry juice ?
 Hello ? It looks like blood .
 Did you even read the " wiki how " link I sent you on being goth ?
 No, I 'm behind on my wiki- reading .
 I 'm kind of on a john grisham kick right now .
 What ? *****
 And loved it so much, I dived right into the client .
 He was a lawyer himself, so his novels are accurate as well as eertaining .
 Just rember we are lost boys, children of the night .
 Great . Lost boys, children of the night . Got it .
 Can you pass the chex mixplease ?
 Thank you .
 We are lost boys .
 Good for you .
 I 'm actually much more lost than he is .
 - Nice ink . - Thanks .
 Can we buy you ladies a drink ?
 Two light beers .
 Light ers . ******
 - What 's your names ?
 - I 'm howard .
 - Raj . I 'm bethany .
 Nice to et you, bethany .
 Yes, very nice .
 - Nice to meet you, too . - I 'm sarah . Not that anyone cares .
 Do either of you ladies enjoy the novels of john grisham ?
 What 's this cartoon called again ?
 Demon samurai .
 D it 's not a cartoon . It 'anime .
 Anime . You know, I knew a girl in high school named anna may .
 Anna may fletcher .
 She was born with one nostril .
 Then she had annathis bad nose job And basically wound up with three .
 You 're here a lot now .
 Oh, am I talking too much ? I 'm sorry . Zip .
 Thank you . Chocolate ?
 Ye please .
 Hey, kim . yeah, I ...
 You know what, old on . Let me take this in the hall .
 You 'll never guess who they got to replace you at work .
 Okay, I know what you 're doing .
 Really ?
 Yes, you 're ung chocolates as positive reinforcement For what you consider correct behavior .
 Very good .
 - Chocole ? - No, I don 't want any chocolate !
 Sheldon, you can 't train my girlfend like a lab rat .
 ****** well, you shouldn 't .
 There 's just no pleasing you, is there, leonard ?
 You weren 't happy With my previous approach to dealing with her ,
 So I decided to employ operant conditioning techniques ,
 Building on the works of thorndike and b . F. Skinner .
 By this time next ek, I believe I can have her jumping out of a pool ,
 Balancing a beach ball on her nos
 No, this has to stop now .
 I 'm not suggesting we really make her jumout of a pool .
 I thought the " bazinga " was implied .
 We 're just tweang her personality .
 - Sanding off the rough edges, if you will . - No . You 're not sanding penny .
 Are you saying that I am forbidden From applying a harmless , scientifically valid protocol Th will make our lives better ?
 Yes . You 're fordden .
 Bad onard .
 So, what do you guys do ?
 Oh, you know, goth stuff . Goth magazines, goth music .
 Goth food .
 What 's goth food ?
 Blackened salmon ?
 No, I meant what do you do for jobs ?
 - Oh, we 're scientists . - Yeah, you know, the dark sciences .
 What are the dark sciences ?
 Well, I am an astrophysicist, And a lot of that takes place at night .
 When there are vamres And miscellaneous unde out and about .
 Oy vay .
 That sounds really cool .
 Does it ?
 Okay . If you like space stuff ,
 I desi components for the international space station, Which is in space .
 Where, as I 'm sure you know, no onean hear you scream .
 So, what do you gals do ?
 - I work at the gap . - Really ? How about that ?
 I 've been to the gap . I 've been there, as well .
 I like your t- shirts with the little pocket .
 I work the, too . Not that anyone cares .
 You know, th place is boring .
 Yeahwhy don 't we go somewhere else and have some fun ? - Okay .
 - Surewe like fun .
 - We are fun people . - Dark and fun . Come on .
 I know a place you 'll really dig .
 - Did you bring the black condoms ? - In my fanny pack .
 Let 's go .
 Are you happy now ?
 Not particularly
 my god, she didn 't !
 What cou she possibly be talking about for so long ?
 Obviously, waitressing at the cheesece factory Is a complex socioeconomic activity
 That requires a great deal of analysis and planning .
 " bazinga . "
 You know, using positive Reinforcemt techniques ,
 I could train that behavior Out of her in a week .
 No .
 If you let me use gative reinforcement, I can get it done before we go to bed .
 You 're not squirting her in the face withater .
 No, of course not .
 We 're talking very mild electric shocks .
 No tissue damage whatsoever .
 Forget it .
 Oh, come on . You can 't tell me
 That you 're not intrigued out the possibility Of building a better girlfriend .
 I 'm not .
 Well, and penny 's qualities, both good and d, Are what make her whshe is .
 You mean, like that high- pitched, irritating laugh ?
 ****
 You wouldn 't prefer a throaty chuckle ?
 You 're not changing w penny laughs .
 No, that would be incongruous .
 I was going to lower the whole voice To a more pleasing register .
 Sorry, guys . That girl is freaky .
 Come again ? - Freaky .
 - Freaky ?
 Ah, freaky .
 have a chocolate .
 Thank you .
 Are you seriously going to defe your body Just for the possibility you could have cheap sex
 With a strange girl you met in a bar ?
 Yeah !
 What is your mother going to say ?
 She 's not going to see it .
 She takes my temperature orally now .
 What are you going to get, howard ?
 Well, I can 't really decide Between a screing devil , this mean little skull, Or kermit the frog .
 - Kermit the frog ? - You know . I 'm on howard 's bu .
 Get the mean little skull, And I 'll see if I can make him smile .
 Yeah, I 'd like the mean little skull, please .
 What are you going to get, raj ?
 With my luck, hepatitis .
 Okay, here we go .
 That 's just rubbing aohol .
 I know, but it was cold .
 I 'm putting on the stencil .
 What comes after the sncil ? ****
 Okay, that 's it . No needle . No pain .
 No tattoo .
 What 's the big deal ? You 've done this before .
 No, I haven 't . Look .
 I 'm sorry . I 'm a fraud . He 's a fraud .
 We 're both frauds .
 - Yeah, I think I covered that . - But I was summing up .
 We 're not goth .
 We 're just ... Guys .
 Very, very smart guys .
 - So you were totally scamming us ? - Yes .
 And I wouldn 't blame you if you Waed out of here and never wanted to see us again .
 Unless, of course, our bold honey Has suade us attractiv Huh ? Anything ?
 I 'm leaving .
 I 'm leaving, too . Not that anyone cares .
 When we tell this story, let 's end it differently .
 What are you thinking ? Maybe a big musical mber ?
 Well, I 'm going to make some warm milk and then turn in .
 I trusif you two are planning on engaging In amorous activities ,
 You 'll keep the decibel leve to a minimum .
 - Of course . - Thank you .
 These are so good .
 Unbelievable .
 What ?
 I- I was just thinking We should probably turn in, too .
 Well, you know, my new b got delivered .
 If you come over And put it together, you can stay at my place . Really ?
 That 's a lot of work, and it 's kind of late .
 - Yeah, but if we stay there, we won 't have tbe quiet . - Let 's go .
 Interesting .
 Sex works even better than chocolatto modify behavior .
 I wonder if anyone else has stumbled onto that .
 Okay, wait .
 How about th ?
 We say there were four goth girls .
 The two girls in *****
 I like it, I like it .
 Did they smell good despite their go- like nature ?
 What 's that got to do with the story ?
 Engaging my olfactory sense helps make it real for me .
 Fine, they smelled goo
 Oh, they did . Like jasmine and honeysuckle
 Whatever .
 And then they held hands and did a sexy, demonic Hokey pokey for us .
 No, no . Ok, let me just say my story all the way through
 And then you can say yours, and then we 'll pick .
 - I 'm sorry . Go on . - Okay .
 We got tattoos, And then the four girls **** but we do 't have tattoos .
 What if someone asks to see our tattoos ? We say they 're in a very intimate area .
 Oh, we 're bad boys, aren 't we ?
 Right, right .
 So, we go back to theiplace And then the six of us end up in a hot tub .
 But we just got tatts .
 Wouldn 't we be concerned about bacterial infection ? True .
 Okay .
 Forget the hot tub .
 Thpoint is, we each had a ménage with sexy goth girls .
 What a great night . Yeah .

 Hey, want to try a country bar tomorrow night ? Maybe we 'll get lucky with some sexy cowgirls .
 Cod happen .

 I wonder howhey smell .
