 In the spring of 2009
 I 've been hired to design a new headquarters for Goliath National Bank .
 And I was eager to add as much of my voices as an architect into the plan as possible . woodbeams bathed in natural light in the atrium .
 They 're gonna love it !
 There was only one problem and his name was Bilson wood natural light
 Ah, no !
 Natural light reminds the workers that there 's an outside world where they had family and friends
 We want to crash that !
 You show up in the dark , you go home in the dark
 You spend your whole damn day in the dark !
 I need to hear Lily 's voice
 Who said you could leave
 Bilson was killing every original idea I had
 Then , one day
 GNB took him off the project and created a new task force to oversee my designs suddenly , everything changed
 We 'll have a roof top in the end of the garden for quiet contemplation
 We 'll have a reflecting pool in the lobby where local children can come to make wishes .
 The New GNB ,
 A place of work that you can call " home " .
 Thank you , and welcome home .

 Everything was going great , until one day , in the elevator
 yeah , it 's ted no , no , no , no , no , no
 I did not approve that change for the blueprints for the new GNB headquarters which I 'm the head architect , at only 30 years old yes , I 'm single , I 'm not gifted charity . what is that has to do with anything

 Alright , goodbye , Mr. Mayor .
 You know that was a fake phone call , don 't you
 Yes , and I also know that the new GNB headquarters project was scrapped last month
 Nice try .

 Check out Scarlett Johansson at the Oscars .
 If I could nail any celebrity it would definitely be Scarlett Johansson
 Hot , talented , and nobody does that many in Woody Allen 's movies without serious daddy 's issues
 If I could nail any celebrities , it would be Lily .
 She 's the star of my heart .
 For me , it would be Hugh Jackman .
 You know , I don 't know , celebrities , they 're into some really weird sex stuff .
 Trust me . How would you know that

 This is embarassing, but I ...
 I went home with a celebrity one night .
 Oh my god ! Seriously
 Yeah , he wanted to do this really freaky things with me ,
 So I left . That 's it .
 End of the story .
 No , no , not end of the story
 I need to know who , when , and in where .
 Spoil it !
 Lily , be calm , please settle down . you 're swallowing to much air .
 But before you go any further ,
 I 'm flattered , but technically , I 'm not a celebrity . Plus , for the last time , I put the mask on as a joke .
 OK , not you Barney .
 OK , who is it
 OK , now you give Lily the hiccups .
 Ok , I won 't tell you anything specific .
 But all I 'll say is that he is Canadian born , but you definitely know this guy .
 And he got me back to his place by offering to show me a very unique collection .
 What do you mean collection Well , you know some people collects
 like stamps or coins , it 's like that .
 But I 'm not telling .
 Well , at least tell us the weird thing he wanted to do .
 I don 't know what you call it in the States , but we have a name for it in Canada .
 Look , I 've already said too much .
 So , mystery celebrity who collects a mystery item asked you to do a mystery Canadian sex act .
 Yes . Tell us .
 OK , I 'll tell you .
 But only if you guess all three parts correctly .
 - Well , that 's just impossible .
 - Exactly . I don 't even know any Canadian sex acts .
 Well , you got your Sloppy Dog Sled , your Newfoundland Lobster Trap , your Full Mountie .
 How do you know all these
 Canadiansexacts . org , it 's bookmarked on the top right .
 - Dot org - Yeah .
 It 's not for profit .
 They really wanna just get the information out there .
 Hey , so I just had the weirdest conversation .
 This woman at GNB told me that the new bank building was scrapped last month .
 It 's crazy , right
 Wait , what 's that look
 - Should we tell him - I don 't wanna tell him . - I think we should tell him .
 - We 're not telling him .
 There was no look .
 Guys , what the hell
 Ok , it 's time that you know the truth .
 A few weeks ago , Bilson called us into his office .
 We 're scrapping the plan for the new GNB headquarters .
 This recession is killing us .
 We 're cutting anything non- essential .
 And I have a lot of tough choices to make to buy courtly retreat in Saint Croix .
 Man , Ted is gonna be devastated .
 Not when he hears it coming from his best friend .
 - I have to tell him ! - I have to tell him !
 You should tell him , you 're his best friend .
 I 'm not , you 're his best friend . I 'm not , you 're his best friend .
 Quiet , here he comes .
 The white dude or the Asian fellow
 See I bearly know the guy .

 - Hey , Ted , what 's up - Hey , how 're you doing
 I 'm frustrated .
 Anything innovative I put on my designs
 Bilson just hacks out with a shitty I hate to answer to a guy like that .
 You should drop the project . You should totally drop the project .
 It 's beneath you . Then it 's settled .
 To Ted Mosby 's new chapter ...
 Are you kidding They just lay off another architect at my firm .
 I mean Bilson is a pain sure .
 But without this project , I 'm probably out of the job . Right , it 's funny that you metioned the project .
 - Because ... - You 're nailing it .
 Keep up the good work buddy .
 Your hair and teeth look fantastic today .
 You 're shining like a diamond !
 Thank you .
 I needed that . All right , I 'm going to head upstairs and keep working .
 I got to find a way to introduce some wood into Bilson 's dark atrium .
 I think you know what I meant .
 - What was that - What
 I have a thought .
 Okay , we 're paying Ted 's firm for two more months of design work no matter what , so couldn 't we just let him keep working and not tell him
 He 's had a rough year . Let 's let the guy be happy a little while longer .
 Marshall , what you 're suggesting is an elaborate, long- term lie that requires tremendous commitment .
 A nice guy like you can 't pull that off .
 Sure I can . Lie to me right now .
 Okay . I have a spaceship .
 What kind of fuel powers your spaceship
 Okay , I don 't have a spaceship .
 No ! Stand your ground !
 If someone questions you , distract them from the original lie with more lies .
 Here , let me demonstrate . I own a pony .
 Ask me a question . Okay .

 Um , what color is your pony
 Well , when I first got Dandelion , she was a deep , chestnut brown , but , sadly , her stable is located near a chemical plant , which contaminated the drinking water .
 So over time , she 's turned a sickly , grayish- white color and there 's nothing that the vet can do to fix her .
 My God !
 I 'm -- That 's horrible . Is Dandelion going to be okay

 Okay .
 All right . Huh
 You are good !
 Dandelion 's not even sick , is she

 So the building 's really dead and you guys lied to me
 We , we just did it to protect you , Ted .
 I can 't believe this .
 I just got screwed by my two best friends and I didn 't even know it .
 In Canada , that 's called a " Sneaky Snowplow . "

 That building was my dream job , and now , it 's just gone .
 We 're so sorry , Ted . Yeah , I need a drink .
 Poor Ted .
 Would I seem heartless if I switched us back to Canadian Sex Acts
 - Not at all . - I 'm surprised you waited this long .
 What the hell is a " Two- Hand Zamboni "
 Let 's just say , the only thing the woman is wearing is skates on her hands .
 A " Manitoba Milk Bag "
 Okay , it 's like a " Chicago Mustache , " but the person on the bottom is wearing a snowsuit .
 A " Newfoundland Lobster Trap " Don 't know .
 Don 't want to know . Those Newfies are out of control .
 Okay ! Okay , I 'm going to make my first guess .
 Okay , but I 'll only tell you if you correctly guess the person , the act and the collection .
 Okay , I 'm going to go . Bryan Adams .
 He collects baseball cards , and he wanted to do a " Greasy Kayak . "
 No .
 Wayne Gretzky , vintage Hot Wheels , a " Squatting Eskimo . "
 Nah- uh .
 Kiefer Sutherland , souvenir shot glasses , and a " Sticky Flapjack . "
 No . That I would have done .
 Wait .
 Wait , if they pulled the plug on the project a month ago , why have I been going in once a week to meet with the New Headquarters Task Force
 Well , obviously you couldn 't come in and pitch to Bilson .
 So , we ... invented the task force .
 Then it was just a question of putting together the team .
 You know Roy Waterman, Vice President of Capital and Risk
 He 's actually ... Roy the janitor .
 Hey . Excuse me , Roy .
 How 'd you like to make a few extra bucks


 How naked do I have to get
 Louisa Mendoza, Executive Vice President of Assets
 She 's actually ...
 Louisa the lunch lady .
 Louisa , I need your help with something , but you can 't tell anybody .
 No hablo Ingles . Exactly .
 This is a big secret .
 How do you say " secret " in Spanish
 Albondigas ?
 Ah , yes .
 Albondigas .
 This will be our little albondigas .
 Hey , can I , uh, have a couple meatballs , please
 And Arthur Nasmith, the eccentric genius guru of corporate investments
 He 's actually ...
 Crazy Arty, 15th Street 's own one- man band .
 Excuse me . Do you have a minute to talk
 Actually , my assistant , Reginald , makes all my appointments .



 Reginald , get me out of this for next week . That was some of the most inspired design work
 I 've done in my entire career . I was so excited .
 Alex Trebek , a " Musty Goaltender " ,
 - Beanie Babies ! - Nope . Damn it !
 Wait .
 So that explains the thing that happened with Louisa .
 - Good job , buddy .
 - Nice , nice !


 Listen , Louisa .
 What are we gonna to do about this ?
 Don 't act like you don 't know what I 'm talking about .
 I know you feel it , too .
 What the hell .
 No , no puedo .
 Me voy a casar con el senor Barney .


 No !
 No !
 No , this is wrong !
 For God 's sake, you 're on the task force !


 Is there anything else you want to tell me
 Well , um , you know how you played third base for the GNB softball team
 There is no GNB softball team .
 We just rented out a field , rounded up a bunch of guys and told them to make you the hero .
 So my game- winning walk was a lie
 We 're sorry , Ted , but we knew that you 'd be out of work soon , and we just -- we just wanted to make you feel good .
 You know , that 's what friends do .
 Lie to each other
 Sometimes , yeah , to protect each other 's feelings .
 No way !
 You never lie to your friends .
 I would never not be honest with you .
 Really What about that open mic night at the comedy club
 Are you like me , folks
 Have you ever thought about how many different kinds of fish there are
 And the names of those fish .
 Let 's , uh , let 's take a little ride .
 " Trout . " Am I right
 " Sturgeon . " I don 't think so , pal .
 " Salmon . "
 I 'm going to say that again , salmon .
 Who thought that was a good idea , right
 " Bass . " This guy over here knows what I 'm talking about .
 " Halibut . "
 Thank you , good night . How was I

 Oh , you were great .
 Really funny .
 You killed ... everyone 's Thursday night .
 Time out .
 You didn 't like the fish list It was horrible !
 You just read a list of fish .


 Anyway ... you guys just proved my point , okay You lied to me to protect my feelings .
 This is completely different !
 I just wasted a month of my life working on a dead project .
 That 's time I could 've spent trying to bring my firm new business .
 Instead , I 'm going to go in there tomorrow morning .
 I 'm probably going to get fired .
 Best case scenario , my boss is going to ream me out in front of everybody .
 Back home , we call that a Sas ...
 " Saskatoon Totem Pole . "
 - Yes .
 - It 's on here .



 Good morning , lying bastards .
 Anything you want to lie about before I head off to work to get fired - That 's a nice shirt .
 - You 're the devil .
 Ted , what if we told you that we found you a new project at GNB where you would be redesigning part of the 20th floor
 Well , if that 's a lie , it 's an incredibly dull one .
 What exactly would I be doing
 This is the 18th Floor E. T. R.
 Basically , Bilson wants a room just like this , only two stories up , on our floor .
 Wait , what 's an E. T. R. It 's the Employee Transition Room .
 - What does that mean - Well , it 's a space where a supervisor and an employee engage in a knowledge transfer about an impending vocational paradigm shift .


 People get fired in here .
 That 's horrible .
 Why do you need a room specifically for firing people
 Well , um , GNB feels that people need a safe , secure space to deal with the news .
 Yeah . It gets pretty real in here .


 So I reluctantly agreed to design a room where people would be fired
 But I was determined to make it my own . Now , when you leave the dismissal space , you 'll exit into what
 I 'm calling the Rebirth Tranquility Hallway .
 Uh- oh . Here , you 'll find a soothing oval chamber with a trained grief counselor .
 It 's right here , past the New Beginnings Fountain . Uh- oh . And there you have it .
 Instead of a drab , dark prison cell , a nurturing womb ... birthing you into a new life .
 I love it .
 - Really - Yeah . Nice work , Ted .
 Thank you .
 Can you add some of these touches to the existing 18th Floor E. T. R. as well
 - Absolutely .
 - Great .
 Let 's take a look .


 Okay , so I 'm thinking this wall ...
 You 're fired !
 What !
 I wanted this room !
 This exact room two floors up !
 But ... You 're fired ! Now , get the hell out of here .




 Hey , honey .

 Anyone from the band Rush , a " Montreal Meatpie , " and superhero lunch boxes . No . Okay .
 Rick Moranis ,
 " The Reverse Rick Moranis , " antique Judaica .
 - Nah- uh . - I give up .
 I 've been guessing for three days .
 I- I- I 'm done . If that means I never get to know ,
 - so be it . - Fine . Tell us !
 Tell us !
 Tell us ! Okay , you really want to know
 Yes ! Yes ! Yes !
 But this information does not leave this table .

 Oh , my , God . I am so excited .
 - Oh ... I 'm going to read it . - Read it .
 - I 'm going to read it .
 - Read it .
 I 'm going to read it .
 Here we go .
 " The Frozen Snowshoe ,
 Old King Clancy , Harvey 's trays . "
 Right
 I don 't know what any of those words mean .
 Is one of those supposed to be a celebrity
 Yeah , who the hell is Old King Clancy
 No , that 's not the person , that 's the sex act .
 It 's the same as a Sacramento Turtleneck , except with maple syrup .
 So the celebrity was Harvey Straze No , that 's what he collected .
 Harvey 's trays .
 Those classic orange trays you get whenever you eat at Harvey 's
 The restaurant
 Oh , come on , you 're road tripping down the Trans- Canada Highway , you get a hunger on between Milverton and Wawa , where you gonna strap on a feed bag , huh


 Harvey 's . Over 12, 000 served ! So the celebrity was ...
 The Frozen Snowshoe .

 Oh , my God !
 You guys have never heard of The Frozen Snowshoe
 He 's only the most famous professional wrestler in Canada .
 I met him after he defeated Reckless Rick Rogers in the Kamloops Memorial Arena back in '02 .
 Classic match .
 So you 're saying The Frozen Snowshoe invited you back to his place to look at Harvey 's trays , and asked you to do an Old King Clancy
 Exactly .
 And I 'm serious , you cannot tell anyone .
 Well , my hiccups are gone .
 Possibly forever .
 Canada ! You did it again .
 You even found a way to ruin this .
 Why Why do we let you be a country
 Hey , mister mister .
 Hey .
 Shouldn 't you be upstairs designing your big , fancy E. T. R.
 - I 'm off the project .
 - What ? Bilson fired me .
 You 're kidding me .
 So what does this mean for you at your firm ?
 Are you going to get laid off
 Actually , I just quit .
 Why
 Because I can 't work for big , heartless corporate clients anymore .
 When I was pitching to your " task force , "
 I was doing the most inspired work of my career .
 In a way , you idiots reminded me how much fun my job can be when I 'm not answering to the Bilsons of the world , so ...
 I quit .
 They fired you , didn 't they
 Yes , sir .
 But I got a sweet severance package and I 've made a big decision .
 I 'm going to start my own firm . Whoa , buddy . That 's exciting .
 Way to go .
 In this economy
 So you 're not mad
 As it turns out , I 'm grateful .

 So how 'd it all go down between you and Bilson
 Well , after he proposed a vocational paradigm shift ,
 I made an impromptu presentation using a four- pronged approach that really brought him to his knees .
 Hit him with a chair - Yep . - That 's my boy .

 And this one , I got on the drive from Milverton to Wawa .
 That 's pretty impressive , The Frozen Snowshoe . Please , we 're friends . Just call me " Shoe . "

 Have a seat .

 So , Shoe ...
 How would you like to give me ... an Old King Clancy

 I think you should go .


