
Are you OK?
What 's the matter, little brother? Are you lost?
Hell dog
hell dog suffocates
Are you virtuous to take the subway?
no taxi will take me
Nothing?
Military coup in Uganda
Another picture of you wearing a hat
Cabinet reshuffle?
Why is it such a trivial matter? gosh
John, my addiction is broken, give it to me
- no - give it to me
no
Besides, you 've already bought everyone, remember?
No one will sell it to you within two miles
Stupid, whose stupid idea?
mrs hudson
Listen to me, Sherlock, you 're doing well, don 't give up
tell me where to put it?
please tell me
Confidence
I can 't help you, sorry
I can tell you the numbers for next week 's lottery
I thought you 'd be fooled
Where did you put my hidden treasure?
Where did the cigarettes go to you?
you never let me touch your stuff
Do you think looking for something is sincere?
I thought you weren 't my housekeeper, I wasn 't

have a cup of tea maybe you can put away your speargun
I need something 7% stronger than tea
- You went to see Mr Chatterjee again? - what?
The one from the sandwich shop this dress is new
But the cuffs have flour
- You wouldn 't cook like this - Sherlock
your thumb nails are a little dirty
Are you playing scratch again? Ten bets and nine loses, right?
'Midnight Palace' wearing such a sensational perfume on Monday morning?
I have a fragrance topic on my blog
- On the website, you can read - nonsense
Your cruise with Mr Chatterjee is doomed
No one knows, but she has a wife and lives in Doncaster-Sherlock . . .
- only I know
I don 't know what you 're talking about, bullshit
What the hell are you doing?
You do not understand
go apologize to her
Apologize?
John, I envy you so much
you envy me? Your mind is so peaceful, it 's almost useless to go straight to the head
My camera is overloaded and out of control
Like a rocket stuck on the launch pad about to fall apart I need a case
you just solved a case
Apparently because of the speargun shot of a dead pig
That was this morning
Where is the next case?
Nothing on the site?
'Dear Mr Sherlock Holmes'
'My bluebell is missing please, please help me'
- Bluebell? - It 's the rabbit, John
It 's not over yet, before the blue bell disappeared, the whole body was shining
'Like a fairy,' that 's what little Kirsty said
The next morning, the bluebell was gone
The cage door is still locked with no signs of prying open.
What am I talking about? This is great, call Leschu
Tell him that the rabbit escaped
Are you serious?
Otherwise, you will accompany me to play Wonderful Exploration
- No, I won 't play with you if you kill me - why?
Because the murderer can 't be the dead and that 's why
This is the only possibility
That 's not what the rules say
That rule is wrong
- Single Ringtone - Ringing is strong, less than half a second
- business is coming - business is coming
Dartwood has always been shrouded in myths and legends but is there something else here?
something like a fake
Because the government has also conducted a highly classified program in Dartwood, this used to be the location of the biological and chemical weapons research center, which is said to be more classified than Bourdon Down.
After World War II, the legend of the Baxville experiment has been surging
Animals genetically mutated specially bred for war
Many people believe that there are terrifying monsters that we can 't imagine in this park that stands in the ancient wilderness
But the real question is are all these monsters still locked inside?
I was very young
things happen in the wilderness
It was dark then but I could see clearly
I know my dad was killed by something
what did you see? video is about to play
Yes, that 's a TV interview, I want to listen to the uncut version
ok, sorry, of course

No hurry, but better hurry up

Mr. Holmes, have you heard of the place Dartwood? no

It 's a magical, special place with a bleak beauty
I 'm not interested, let 's talk
After my mother died, my father and I used to go for walks
We go for a walk in the wilderness every evening
Good, skip to the night your dad died tragically
Where did it happen?
That place is a landmark for us called the Dole Valley.
That 's the old name of the devil
so what?
Did you see the devil that night?
right
the devil is huge
Dark hair, blood red eyes
That monster grabbed my dad and ripped him apart
I forgot about everything else
I wasn 't found wandering in the wilderness until the next morning
They never found my dad 's body
Blood red eyes, dark hair, huge...
Is it a dog? Is it a wolf?
Or mutant monsters?
Mr. Holmes, are you laughing at me?
Why? Are you joking?
My dad used to talk about the experiments they did in Barksville
say they breed monsters there
People take him as a joke
At least the people on TV take my words seriously
I guess it must be very helpful for Devon 's tourism industry

Henry, what happened to your father happened 20 years ago
Why come to us now?
Mr. Holmes, I 'm not sure you can help me because you think I 'm just a clown
Because something happened last night What happened last night?


You . . . how do you know?
Not knowing, but noticing
You take the first bus from Devon here in the morning
Had a bad breakfast and had a cup of black coffee
The girl sitting across from you likes you very much
You used to be very interested in her too, but now you 've changed your mind
But you 're in a hurry to smoke your first cigarette this morning
Please take a seat, Mr. Knight, I would like to thank your Excellency for smoking
- How did you notice this? - It does not matter. . .
- the piece of paper you left behind when you cut the ticket - let 's not talk about that yet . . .
- please, i 'm bored at home - you 're just trying to show off
Yeah, that 's me, that 's who we are
You wipe the spilled coffee with a tissue from the train
You can tell by looking at the stain that you didn 't add creamer
Tissues and the corners of your mouth, ketchup on your cuffs
You had a hot breakfast, at least the hot food served on the train was probably a sandwich

How do you know it 's hard to eat?
Is there any bad breakfast on the train?
Besides, the girl 's handwriting is very recognizable
she wrote the phone on a tissue
The angle of reading the handwriting should be sitting across from you
You wipe the coffee spill with a tissue after she gets out of the car and accidentally mess up the numbers
You traced it again with another pen and you wanted to leave her phone number four yards out but just now you blew your nose with a tissue
Maybe you don 't like her much
Your trembling fingers are smoky yellow I 'm familiar with this symptom
No smoking on trains You didn 't have time to smoke before taking a taxi here
It 's only 9:15 and you can 't hold back
The first train from Exeter to London leaves at 5:46
You took the earliest car, so something important must have happened last night
Did I said wrong thing?
no, you 're quite right
You are 100% correct
Amazing, I heard you 're brilliant this is my job
talk less, smoke more
Henry, your parents died when you were seven?
I know. . .
This must hit you hard
Have you ever thought that maybe you made up this story
to explain your father 's death?
- Doctor Mortimer said the same - Who?
- his therapist - my therapist
It is clear
louise mortimer she 's the reason i went back to dartwood
She told me to face the devil
What happened last night when you went back to Durr Valley?
You went there on the advice of the therapist and now you come to the detective
What great event did you see?
Dole Valley is a weird place
Makes you cold to the core, frightened
If I like poetry appreciation, I can read more jokes in the emails John wrote to his girlfriend. What do you see?

footprint
right where my dad was dismembered
Men 's or women 's?
None, yes... .
that 's it? nothing else?
- You only see footprints? - Yes, those... .
Sorry, Dr. Mortimer won
Sure enough, childhood traumas covered up with fictitious memories
boring, goodbye, mr knight thanks again for smoking
What about the footprints?
It may be a paw print, anything is possible, no need to go into it
Go back to Dewen, have a cup of afternoon tea, I 'll treat you
Mr. Holmes, those are the footprints of a giant dog
Say it again
i found big footprints
No, no, just say it again
Repeat word for word
Mr. Holmes, those are the footprints of a giant dog
- I accept your commission - Excuse me, what did you say?
Thank you for your patronage, this case is very interesting
No no no, what 's going on?
A minute ago you said footprints were uninteresting and now you say they are?
John, as usual, you didn 't listen carefully. This has nothing to do with footprints.
Have you ever heard of Barksway?
Slightly heard, very mysterious
- It should be good to start from there. - You 're coming to Barksville?
No, I can 't go away right now, I 'm too busy
Don 't worry, I 'll send my best hands
John will definitely report all relevant information to me because he doesn 't understand a word
What nonsense are you talking about? what are you busy with? you have no case
You were complaining a minute ago . . .
bluebell, john, i 'm looking for bluebell
That Glowing Rabbit That Disappeared NATO quarreled
Sorry, so you 're not coming?
All right
All right
I don 't need it anymore, I 'm going to Dartwood
Henry, you go first, we 'll be there later
Sorry, so you still want to come?
Missing 20 years ago and a giant dog?
I can 't miss anything
. . . what cruise trips are just nonsense
Looks like Mrs Hudson finally asked about his wife in Doncaster
It will be even better when she finds out that Islamabad has a wife
to Paddington station, thanks
bucksway is there
That 's Greenpan Village
So there must be...
Yes, it 's Dole Valley
what is that?
Minefield? Barksville is technically an army base, so they must do everything they can to keep outsiders out.
Apparently so
There are three guided tours a day, please spread the word
come again when you are free
Remember, if you cherish life, don 't go to the wilderness at night
take care of the cold
(Kekai Tavern, Housing &amp; Vegetarian Cuisine)
That part hasn 't changed
So what has changed?
One more thing, there is a word
'liberation'
liberation?
another word
Because, 'I - N'
What do you think 'liberation' and 'cause' mean?
Sorry no double room
It 's okay, we 're not... .
- here - thanks
- I 'll get you money - thank you
( meat products )
find your money
I saw a skull on a map in the wilderness
that
Is it a pirate?
- No, that 's the Great Green Panre - yeah
It 's not what you think it 's Barksville Proving Ground
It 's been more than eighty years
I don 't think anyone knows what 's in there anymore
- Explosives? - more than
You 'd be lucky if you broke in there and only got bombed.
Lest you want to go out for a walk
Thanks, I will remember
Not very good for the tourism industry. Fortunately, there are Cerberus
Did you watch that documentary?
just watched it recently
God bless that Henry Knight and his monster from hell
Have you seen that giant dog?
I? no
Fletcher saw
He 's in charge of taking tourists to the Monster Trail, he 's seen
Must be very helpful for business
Billy, I 'm telling this gentleman we 're busy
Yeah, a bunch of monster hunters
Now when someone mentions it on twitter it becomes a trend
- The vodka is gone. - Okay
monster plus damn prison
We can 't sleep at night Kerry, can you sleep?
sleep like a baby
deceive
he will snort
- Does your mouth snort? - Are there any yakiniku films?
Yes, no, okay? take care, bye


(Horse Sutra)
can i sit down?
You haven 't really seen Cerberus, have you?
Are you a newspaper reporter?
No, I 'm just curious
- Have you seen it? - might have
Is there any evidence?
Why would I tell you something? Excuse me
- I called Henry - bet off, sorry
What? bet?
My plan is about to wait in the dark for another half hour . . .
Wait, what 's the bet?
I bet John fifty pounds that you can 't prove you 've seen the giant dog
Yes, the guy in the tavern said you could
- You 're going to lose money, bro- are you?
yes i have seen
I saw you in the valley about a month ago
It was foggy at that time and I couldn 't see clearly.
Well, I don 't think there are any witnesses
- No, but . . .
- There are no witnesses to this kind of thing
wait a minute, you see

that 's it? This isn 't evidence, is it?
sorry john i won
Wait a minute, what else?
People don 't like going to that valley
Said it was ominous
Haunted? You want to convince me with this?
Don 't be stupid, it 's not
But I think there 's really something in there
something that escaped from Barksville
Double dog? Super-powered dog?
maybe
God knows what they 've sprayed on us all these years
Or add it to the water I don 't trust them at all
Don 't you have better evidence?
I have a friend who worked in the Department of Defense
We had an appointment to go fishing this weekend but he came very late
When he came, his face was very pale
I can 't forget that scene now
He said, 'Fletcher, I saw something today that I never want to see again in my life.'
' very scary '
He was sent to a secret military base, probably Borden Down
It could be Barksville or something
He said he saw scary things in the classified laboratory there
He said he saw a mouse the size of a dog
And dogs as big as horses
The stake is fifty pounds, isn 't it?
Thanks
( Danger)
(Do not enter)
(Barksville)
(Do not enter)
Please show your pass
thanks
Do you have a Baxville pass? How can it be?
It 's not only available here, it 's my brother 's
Unhindered anywhere, I . . .
got it a long time ago
put it on you for emergencies
- This is fine. - What 's the matter?
- we 'll get caught - no, not yet
You 'll be caught in five minutes
'We just wanted to visit your highly classified weapons base'
'Really? Great we were about to boil water for tea'
Maybe they 're going to shoot us
- ok- thanks
thanks
you can go in
Mykolov 's name is really a universal stepping stone.
I said he was basically the British government
I reckon it will take another 20 minutes for them to find out there is a problem
What 's wrong? Are we in trouble?
'Are we in trouble, sir?'
yes sir, sorry sir
are you waiting for us?
Your identity shows Mr. Holmes, I 'm a security officer, Corporal Lanes.
Is something wrong, sir?
I hope nothing happened, Corporal
Sir, it 's just that we won 't have anyone here to check
Haven 't you heard of raid checks?
Captain John Watson 5th Northumberland Musket Regiment
sir
Major Ballymore will be very upset
He will ask to meet the two
I 'm afraid we won 't have time to see him. We 're going to visit the whole base right now.
Come on, here 's the order, Corporal
as ordered, sir
(allowed to enter)
(allowed to enter)
(CCV 1: requires security authorization)
(Sherlock Holmes, Mykolov processing at the highest level)
- It 's really yours
Have fun, right?
more than addiction
(allowed to enter)
(allowed to enter)
(CCV 1: Waiting for security authorization)
(Sherlock Holmes, top Mycroft, in process)
How many animals are there?
Report sir, many
Have any animals escaped? They have to be able to ride the elevator, sir.
We haven 't bred such a genius animal yet
unless someone helps them
Who are you?
It 's all right, Dr. Van Klein, I 'm showing these two new faces, it 's great
Be careful not to get stuck here I 'm just here to fix the faucet
Where will the elevator go down?
Very down, sir
What 's underneath?
There 's got to be a place for a trash can, sir.
two here please
What exactly are you doing here?
I thought you already knew that after all you 're here to check
But I 'm not an expert, am I?
From stem cell research to cures for colds, we do it all here
But mostly weapons research? That 's right
Biological and chemical weapons?
Sir, wars are always one after another
There will always be new enemies and we have to be prepared
(CCV 1: Security authorization processing)
(query, query, query)
Michael, try Harlow Three next time
Dr. Stapleton
Stapleton?
What 's up? Who is this?
This gentleman has the highest authority and is sent from the top
- They come to check - really?
Dr. Stapleton, you have to answer your questions
What is your position at Barksville?
Questions and answers, right?
I can 't say, it 's a government secret
Of course you can, I suggest you better say it quickly
I got involved in a lot of research
I like to do different combinations
Mainly genetic recombination and sometimes real hands
Stepton, I think the name is familiar.
Not too possible
People always say there is no such thing as coincidence
Their lives must be boring (Bluebell)
Did you talk to my daughter?
Why did Bluebell have to die for Dr. Stapleton?
that rabbit? - Disappeared from the locked cage, too obvious - that rabbit?
- Apparently by the thief - is it?
Why? because it glows in the dark
I don 't know what you 're talking about who are you?
(CCV 1: Security Authorization, Warning, Warning) (Suspected Level 5 Security Vulnerability)
- We 've seen enough, thank you - that 's all?
Just like that, get out of here, right?
Wait a moment
We broke into the military base to investigate the case of the missing rabbit?
(CCVI - Authorization Inquiry)
(suspected fifth-level security vulnerability)
(urgent, urgent, urgent) (please contact Sherlock Holmes, Mycroft)
(what are you doing? Mai)
At 23 minutes, Mycroft stepped back
meet again
Major . . .
It 's so outrageous, why didn 't you inform me?
Are you Major Ballymore? That 's good, very good
We admire your work, don 't we, Mr. Holmes?
Five-body cast
The purpose of the Bacchus Wiki is to eliminate this bureaucratic chore.
- Excuse me, Major. - What raid checks?
This is the new policy, you can 't keep letting you go no matter what God knows what you 're up to, don 't stop
sir

Unauthorized identity, sir
- what? - I just got a call
Yeah? who are you?
There must be a misunderstanding in this, obviously no, Mack Holmes.
There is a problem with your computer and I will write it in the report
- How is this going? - It doesn 't matter, I know them
- you recognize? - Yes, I don 't have a better memory than I used to, but I didn 't expect to see Mr. Holmes here.
- I. . .
- Nice to meet again, Mycroft
I met Mr Holmes when I attended the WHO seminar
Is it in Brussels?
- it 's Vienna - yes, it 's Vienna
Major, this is indeed Mr. Mycroft Holmes
Apparently something went wrong
You are the only one who asks what happened, Dr. Van Klein.
- Corporal, I 'll send them out. - Okay.
- Thanks - you 're here because of Henry Knight, right?
I knew it
I knew he was looking for help, but I didn 't think he 'd find Sherlock Holmes
don 't worry, i know who you are my mini website
But I thought you 'd wear a hat The hat wasn 't mine
I almost don 't recognize him without a hat
that 's not my hat
Dr. Watson I also like your blog thank you

- Case for pink studies and aluminum crutches - yes
Do you know Henry Knight?
I know his father better and he has a lot of crazy theories about it
But he is a good friend
I 'm inconvenient to talk right now
This is my big brother 's number
If I could give Henry a call
Dr. Van Klein, I haven 't asked you what to do here?
Mr. Holmes, I 'd love to tell you but I 'll have to kill you afterwards
You are too ambitious
Talk about Dr. Stapleton
I don 't speak ill of my colleagues
but you can say nice things about your colleagues but you obviously don 't plan on that
it seems oh
i will call you
welcome
- so what? - So what?
What are you doing with that rabbit?
Please, can we not this time? Don 't how?
Mysteriously lift the collar up and play cool
- I wouldn 't do that - No wonder I wouldn 't
Kirsty 's Email, The Missing Glowing Rabbit
Kirsty Stapleton 's daughter of genetic modification expert
Her mother made rabbits glow in the dark?
Probably used a fluorescent gene
Gene removal and splicing technology is very mature
so what?
We know that Dr. Stapleton conducts secret experiments with animals
The question is, has she experimented with animals that are deadlier than rabbits?
On average, many animals are deadlier than rabbits
please come in please come in
Your home is really... .
Are you rich?
- yes - understand
I keep seeing two words
'liberation'
'Liberation'?
' liberation ' and . . . ' because of '
Just these two words, are you finished?

What do you think this means?
Is there such a thing as 'liberation by death'?
the only true freedom
What should we do now?
- Sherlock has a plan - yeah
- OK - we 'll take you to the wilderness
- See if any monsters will attack you - what?
This speeds things up
night? You want me to go there tonight?
Is this your plan?
- Great - do you have a better idea?
- It 's not a plan - if there are monsters
Then the priority is to find out where it lives
Sherlock
U M
Q
R
A
UMQRA, 'Umkra'?
Sherlock?
( Danger)
Sherlock Sherlock?
i met your friend
- what? - Dr. Van Klein?
Bob, yes
He seems worried about you
He 's easy to worry, good old man
He was nice to me when I came back
- Does he know your father? - right
But he 's working in Barksville. Is your father okay with that?
They are friends, right? like you and john
How are we?
He 's a straight guy, and you...
Uncle Bob told my dad not to talk about work
Toure Valley has arrived
Sherlock
my god, my god, my god . . .
did you see?
- Did you hear that? - we saw, we saw
no i didn 't see anything

What? what are you saying?
I did not see anything
Listen, he must have seen
I saw it, he must have seen it, he must have seen it
Why? Why? Why did he say no?

The giant dog clearly appeared, really
Henry . . . you sit down
- Try to relax, please - I 'm fine
I 'll give you a sleeping pill, okay?
This is good news, John
is good news
i 'm not crazy
There really is a giant dog, there really is
Sherlock, he saw it too
No matter what he said, he really saw
He 's in a bad state, manic
Believe that you see a mutant power dog wandering the wilderness
But no, right?
Because if anyone knew how to breed mutant super dogs
It must be sold in the market because the world is like this
Listen, I saw someone playing Morse code in the wilderness
I think it should be Morse code but the message doesn 't make sense
UMQRA, do you think it makes any sense?
OK, what do we know now?
We knew there were footprints because both Henry and the guide saw it
we all hear the noise
Maybe we should find out who has a big dog
Henry is right
What?
I also saw
- what? - I saw that too, John
Wait, what do you see?
I saw giant dogs in the Dole Valley
a huge dog
Sherlock, we need to be rational
Especially you, you can 't . . .
Don 't deviate from what we know Don 't deviate from the truth
Once the impossible is ruled out, whatever remains, no matter how unlikely, must be true
What 's the meaning?
look at me, i 'm scared, john
I am scared
- Sherlock - I 've always been able to keep my distance
Don 't let emotions affect me
But you see, my body betrayed me
Emotions are interesting, right?
Stupid and frustrating things
All right, Sparkle, calm down
You 've been tense these days, and you know it yourself
you 're just too excited
Excited?
The wilderness is dark and scary
I? I have no problem at all
Sherlock
- summer . . .
- I have no problem at all, you understand?
Do you want me to prove it?
We 're looking for a dog, right? A big dog, that 's your theory, right?
Then come find the dog, that 's great
OK, where to start?
How are they?
A nostalgic widow and her unemployed fisherman son
- The answer is 'Yes' - Yes?
She has a West Highland Terrier named Whiskey but not the big dog we 're looking for
Sherlock, have you had enough?
Ninety percent of the sweaters on my son are new
He 's obviously uncomfortable in his clothes, maybe because the chair is too hard
But it is more likely because the sweater is too ugly, which means that it was probably given by someone else.
Maybe a Christmas present he wanted to make his mother happy
Why? 80% for the money
The son pays for the meal, but he orders very few dishes
Said he wanted to please his mother, so he had to eat less
maybe he 's just not hungry
No, the plate is small, it 's an appetizer
He ate all of his mum 's desserts
If the mother pays, he will eat a lot
He 's hungry, and he doesn 't have much money, just look at his cuffs and shoes
'How did you know it was his mother?' Who else would give a Christmas present like that?
Maybe an aunt or sister but mom most likely
He used to be a fisherman with a scar on his hand from a hook
But it 's all old scars saying he 's been out of work for a while.
The industry here is not prosperous, so he had to ask his widowed mother for help
'Widowed mother'? Apparently a widow who uses a man 's wedding ring as a pendant
Apparently the deceased husband 's ring is too big for her Her clothes are fancy but the jewelry is a bargain
It 's not that she can 't afford the good ones, but she keeps the old jewelry
So nostalgic, let 's talk about dogs
Her legs were covered in dog hair
But not above the knee, which means it 's a puppy
Probably the terrier was a West Highland Terrier named Whiskey' How do you know, Sherlock?'
Because she was on the same train as us I heard her call the dog 's name
It 's not cheating, it 's listening, I know how to use my senses, John
I 'm fine, actually great, so don 't bother me anymore
All right. . .
Why should you listen to me? i 'm just your friend
i don 't have any friends
That 's right
do not know why
Mr. Seldon, why are you here again?
My belt keeps hooking
oh my god . . .
(Henry 's Healer at Kekai Tavern, Summer) So what?
(Go and ask her?)
(Why should I?)
( Video Downloading . . . )
You are a bad person
your mouth is so bad
Doctor, would you like some more wine?
Doctor, you want to get me drunk?
I didn 't even think so
Because I just thought you were talking to me
When did I show my feet?
When you started asking about my patients
Henry and I are old friends
He 's my patient so I can 't talk about him
But he told me about all his old friends
Which are you?
The new one?
What about his father? His father is not your patient
Does he seem like a lunatic full of conspiracy theories?
If he 's right, he 's not a lunatic
So is he wrong?
Eighty percent is wrong
But he was fascinated by Baxwick 's experiments, right?
Could Henry also start imagining a giant dog?
Why do you think I 'm going to talk to you about this?
Because I think you 're worried about him because I 'm a doctor too
Also because another friend of mine may have the same problem
Dr. Watson

Is the investigation going well?
What investigation?
you do not know? Did you not read his blog?
- Sherlock Holmes - is . . .
- Who is Sherlock? - That is. . .
Private detective, this is his assistant
assistant? home helper
- That 's it. - Home. . . ?
This is Mortimer Physician Henry 's therapist
hello, under bob van kren
Tell Sherlock I 'm paying attention to Stapleton
He 's welcome anytime he wants to talk to me, that 's all
You treat him to a drink, I think he likes you
Good morning, what do you think?
I . . . I didn 't sleep well
It 's a pity, let me make coffee
Look, your house is leaking
Listen, last night . . .
Why do you say you didn 't see anything?
Although I only saw the giant dog once, but... the giant dog?
What?
Why do you say it 's a giant dog? Why use this word?
- why? What 's the meaning? - Strange, isn 't it?
Why are your words so old? That 's why I took the case
'Mr. Holmes, those are the footprints of a giant dog'
Why is it a dog?
Where do I know? I didn 't think about it . . . the coffee is fine

Has Morse Code been researched?
no
UMQRA, huh? 'Umkra'?
- nothing - umk . . .
Forget it, I thought I had a clue but I was wrong
- you sure? - right
What about Louise Mortimer? how 's the progress? - no- pity

Did you ask for any information?
Are you starting to be funny?
I think this can break the ice a little bit
You are not suitable for funny ice, it is better to keep it unbroken
- John - it 's okay
Wait a minute, what I came across last night is that I haven 't experienced anything like this
You said it was fear You said 'Sherlock Holmes was afraid'
Not so simple, John, it 's skepticism
i have doubts
I always trusted my senses to believe the evidence before me until last night
You don 't really believe you saw some kind of monster, do you?
no i can 't believe
But I do see the question is how is this possible?
How can it be?
right
Makes sense, good
Now you have a clue to check. Good luck.

Listen, John, I was telling the truth
i don 't have any friends
I have only one
clear
John
John
You are amazing, you are amazing
Okay, got it, you don 't have to exaggerate
You may not be very smart, but you 're great at sparking inspiration
Thanks, what?
Some people are not geniuses, but they can inspire the genius of others
Wait, you were just apologizing, don 't screw it up
Come on, what did I do to trigger your genius?
- how? - if this is not a word
But what about individual letters?
Do you think it 's an abbreviation?
Don 't know, but . . .
What are you doing here?
Nice to see you and I 'm on vacation too, believe it?
Do not believe
- Hello, John Greenpan-Grey
I heard what medicine you guys are selling in your gourd here?
Looking for Cerberus on TV?
I 'm still waiting for your explanation, what are you doing, Inspector?
I said, I 'm going on vacation
You 're sun-dried like jerky, obviously you 're just coming back from vacation
I want to come here for vacation again, can 't I?
- Made it by Mycroft, right? - listen to me . . .
Of course, when it comes to Baxwei
He sent my special agent to spy on me anonymously.
- That 's why you call yourself 'Grey'? - His name was Grey
- right? - right
You don 't know because you 're too lazy to ask if I 'm not your special agent
I won 't be obedient to your brother either
In fact, you may have come just in time
Why?
I haven 't been idle these days, Sherlock
I might have a clue, here
I didn 't expect it to be related to the case
But don 't think so now
- Why do vegetarian restaurants order so much meat? - excellent
A scary and well-connected inspector from Scotland Yard
might work well
boss
- what is this? - Coffee, I made coffee for you
you never make coffee
- I just soaked, don 't you? - you don 't have to keep apologizing
Thanks
I don 't add sugar
These records are almost two months old
tastes good
Did you get this inspiration from watching that show?
it 's me, it 's me
I 'm sorry, Kerry, I can 't help it
I ate a bacon sandwich at Carl 's wedding - and it turned out to be another one - no more

listen to me we just want to make business better
A big dog roaming the wilderness is a godsend
It 's like having our very own Loch Ness monster
Where do you keep it?
an old mine nearby
It would have lived well there would have been?

We can 't control that vicious dog
So Billy took it to the vet a month ago
You know. . .
That dog died?
euthanized
right
There 's nothing we can do, it 's over
we 're just kidding
Yeah, it 's hilarious
You almost drove someone crazy
He 's really happy to see you
Selfishly rejoicing
Yeah?
very nice
He was probably relieved to see the old team
to calm his . . . his . . .
Autism?
Do you believe they euthanized the dog?
no reason not to believe
Hope no harm was done
I 'm not sure what to charge them anyway
I 'll speak to the local police department
That 's it for now, see you later
This is pretty good to clear the exhaust gas in the lungs
People see their dogs in the wilderness?
it seems that
But you 're not seeing an ordinary dog ​​no, that dog is super big

it has fiery red eyes that glow in the dark
its body glows
I have a theory, but I have to go back to Baxwei and test it
how to get to? You can 't get in here anymore
maybe not at all
dear brother, how are you?
Good afternoon, sir, can the engine be turned off?
thanks
As soon as we get in, I have to meet Major Ballymore right away.
- Understood - you 've got to find the giant dog
Okay
Go to the lab to find the start from Stapleton
may be dangerous
I am glad to
I 'd love to let you run free here
- Why not? - It 's actually quite simple, Major.
I 've never heard such a ridiculous thing
You give me 2 4 hours this is me . . . no more than a second
I gotta do what I 'm told but don 't expect me to give you a good look
I don 't know what you want to find here
maybe i can find the truth
What truth? I understand
I should have guessed when I saw you wearing a long coat
You 're also a conspiracy theorist, aren 't you?
Do yourself a favor, go and find out the monsters, the death light guns and the aliens
Are there aliens here?
Just curious
there are two
UFOs crashed here in the 60s
We call them Albert and Costello (comedian duo)
Good luck, Mr. Holmes
gosh
(Do not enter if you don 't want to catch a cold)

can 't stand it
(refused to enter)
No way?
anyone there?
do not do that. . .
Do not. . .
Stop making trouble, come on
damn, okay
hateful
it 's here, it 's with me
Where are you?
save me sherlock you come save me i 'm in the big lab the first lab we visit
John? John?
Come and save me now, Sherlock, please
ok, i 'm coming to you, keep talking to me
I can 't speak, will be heard by it
Keep talking to me, what do you see?
- John? - I am still here
what did you see?
I don 't know . . . but I can hear it
Did you hear that?
keep calm, can you see it?
Can you see it?
can not see
I saw
it 's here
it 's here
Are you all right, John?
God, it 's a giant dog
Sherlock, it 's just here I swear, Sherlock, it must be . . .
did you see? There must be, right?
It 's alright, it 's alright now
No, there is obviously something going on... .
i saw it, i was wrong
Let 's not jump to conclusions.
what did you see?
I said, I saw a giant dog
Huge, fiery eyes?
- right. . .
- Will it glow?
- why no?
The things that shine are made by me
You see that because you listened to me
you are drugged
- We 've all been drugged - Drugged?
- Can you go? - Of course
Come on, let 's go catch the ghost
you again?
What are you doing this time?
Murder, Dr. Stapleton
Sophisticated, cold-blooded murder
Are you going to tell Kirsty about the bluebells or do you want me to?
Well, what do you want to do?
borrow a microscope
Are you really all right? you look haggard
i 'm fine
I 'm using the green fluorescent gene from jellyfish if you 're curious
- what? - use on rabbits
that oh yes
It 's actually the gene of the victoria jellyfish.
Why?
why not?
We don 't ask this kind of question here, never ask
Turns out my daughter accidentally took the lab rabbit home
So poor bluebell has to go your compassion is touching
I know
I hate myself sometimes
Come on, I 'm a doctor, you can trust me, what else are you hiding here?
As long as you can think of it, someone is probably doing it
This is for sure
Raw material compound?
Of course, remember Dolly the sheep?
Multiple people?
no reason not to
What about animals?
not a sheep
is a big animal
Body shape doesn 't matter at all
The only limit is that both moral and legal things can be flexible
But not here, not Barksway
- didn 't find it - oh my god
found nothing
totally unreasonable
What do you think you 'll find?
Of course it 's a drug, it must be some kind of drug
Psychedelic or delirium-inducing drugs
There is no medicine in the sugar
- Granulated sugar? - Yes, granulated sugar
This is a simple elimination method
I see a giant dog created by my imagination
A genetically modified monster
But I know I can 't believe my eyes so there are seven possible reasons, the most likely of which is that the narcotics Henry Knight also saw
But you didn 't, John, you didn 't see
We all ate and drank the same thing when we got to Greenpan with one exception
- You drink coffee without sugar - so what?
Granulated sugar is what I got from Henry 's kitchen is his granulated sugar
But there 's nothing wrong with sugar
- Maybe not the drug - no, it must be
How do drugs get into our bodies?
How can it be?
must be someone . . .
some . . .
deeply buried secret
- out - what?
Get out, I 'm going to my palace of consciousness
your what?
He won 't say anything for a while, we don 't mind staying here
His what?
his palace of consciousness
is a memory technique equal to his mental map
You first draw a map of a place that place doesn 't have to exist
put the memories there
In theory you never forget anything
As long as you find your way back, you will remember
So this place can be a house or a street?
right
But he said his was a palace
Yeah, that 's what he is
( dog )
(liberation, bell, frat, mode, liberation)
(liberation, mode)
(Liberty Bell)
( India)
(Inglestad)
(Indium, atomic number = 4 9 )
( Ridgeback)
(The Wolfhound) You 're nothing but . . . (The Elvis Song)
( dog )
dog
(Liberty, Indiana) (H.O.U.N.D.)
oh my god . . . oh my god
I am sorry. . .
- John? - pass it to me
The giant dog project, I probably remembered where I was in my head
The CIA experiment in Liberty, Indiana
(enter search string)
H O U N D
(CIA confidential information, no access) (Please enter password) My authority can only be found here
There should be a way to overwrite, with a password, right?
There should be, but it must be Major Ballymore 's code
password. . .
he 's sitting here when he thinks about the password
- Tell me what kind of person he is - you 've met him too
But talk about him
He 's strict, old-fashioned like the soldiers who used to be stationed in the Suez Canal
Great, old school traditionalists
He won 't use a child 's name as a password
He loves his work and takes pride in his work. What are the things about work at eye level?
Book
James Defense Weekly Bound
Hannibal, Wellington, Rommel
Churchill 's History of the English-Speaking Nation, in all four volumes
Churchill, he admired Churchill
There is a copy of 'The Downing Street Years'
And 1, 2, 3, 4, 55 Mrs Thatcher 's biography
In the mid-80s, it should be father and son
That 's Papa Ballymore, he 's wearing the Distinguished Service Medal
By date, he should have fought the Falklands campaign
So Thatcher is more likely than Churchill
So the password is Thatcher?
Major Ballymore will definitely use her name directly
(Margaret)
( Maggie )
(extremely suggestive)
(Fear and Thrill)
(conditioned fear)
(spray spread)
(Leona Hansen, Jack O 'Mara)
(Mary Uslowski)
(Rick Nader, Elaine Dyson)
is HOUND
(Paranoia, severe prefrontal damage)
(Blood Brain, Rapidly Worsening Large Regional Skull Trauma)
(Multiple corpses)
gosh
The giant dog project is working on a new delirium-inducing drug
Make users vulnerable to cues
They were going to use the drug as a human-killing weapon to completely confuse the enemy with terror and excitement
But they ended the study in 1986 and put that drug on the shelf
because of the effects of the drug on the subjects
and what they do to others
They 've gone mad with chronic exposure to this drug
Fierce, almost out of control
So someone started doing this experiment again?
Maybe 20 years of trying to improve this drug
who is it?
Do these names look familiar?
completely unfamiliar
five chief scientists
twenty years ago
Maybe the person we 're looking for is in the back row
someone old enough to be involved in the 1986 experiment
Maybe that person has lived in the United States, so instead of talking about mobile phones, he learned to say 'big brother' in the United States
Remember, John?
This is my big brother 's number
He left his phone number in case we need him
God, it 's Bob Van Klein
But Bob doesn 't study this, he 's a virologist
This is a chemical weapon
But he started here
He 's been obsessed with believing that the drug really works
He 's so nice, he even left his phone number
let 's meet him
Hey?
Who are you?
you go find henry
It 's Louise Mortimer
What 's wrong?
Henry began to think about the past and then... .
he thinks. . .
He has a gun, he runs to get a gun, thinking . . .
What?
He 's gone, you must stop him
I don 't know what he will do
Where are you?
I 'm fine at his house
Stay there and we 'll find someone to pick you up
- Henry? - He attacked Louise
Did he run away? He must go where it all started
Let 's go to the Valley of Durr, go now
take a gun
I am sorry
dad, i 'm sorry
no henry no
step back, stay away from me
Calm down, Henry, take it easy
i know i 'm a beast i know what i wanna do
Put the gun down, it 's alright
no . . . i know i 'm a beast
I believe
Someone explained it to you, right?
Carefully explained what?

Someone told you to keep quiet and you wanted to stay as a child and relive the dreams you two never forget  'cause you 're starting to remember
Henry, try to remember what happened here when you were a kid
I thought it killed my dad
That giant dog, I thought . . . God
I don 't know anything, I don 't know

Henry, don 't be impulsive
Henry, recall that 'Liberty, seal' is two words
Two words seen here by a panicked little boy 20 years ago
You start to piece together the whole picture of the event and you start to remember what happened here that night
The perpetrators weren 't animals, were they?
not a monster
is a man
You 're just a kid, can 't face the truth
So it turns out to be a very different story
But you 're starting to remember that person has to stop you
He 's going to drive you crazy and won 't let anyone believe you
Sherlock
alright . . . bro
But we saw the giant dog last night, we obviously saw it
No, but there is a dog, Henry
Left footprints everywhere and scared witnesses to death but it was just an ordinary dog
We 've been drugged so we 'll be seen as giant dogs from hell
The plan is to be achieved with fear and excitement
but no monsters at all
Sherlock
- no no. . .
- Henry
Sherlock
no, no, no... .
Henry
Sherlock, did you see that?
He wasn 't drugged so what was that?
- no- what is that?
It 's still here, but it 's just a dog
Henry, it 's just an ordinary dog
My goodness
damn
Do not. . .
It 's not you, it can 't be you

- It 's fog - what?
It 's fog, medicine is in the fog
The record says that the drug is administered by spray
The giant dog project, fog is medicine
It 's a chemical minefield
Kill it for God 's sake, kill it

Look clearly, Henry doesn 't want to . . .
Check it out, Henry
you bastard
you bloody bastard
20 years, I wasted 20 years
Henry, it 's over why don 't you just kill me?
 'Cause people will believe what a dead man says he can 't just kill you
He can 't convince anyone of your account of your father 's murder
Everything he needs is at his feet
A chemical minefield buried in the ground, you 'll be drugged every time you come back
Murder weapon and crime scene in one
Brilliant, Henry, thank you, it 's so good
- Sherlock - what?
Say this now . . .
Is it not good?
no . . . it doesn 't matter, it doesn 't matter
Because it means . . . it means my dad was right
He found out what you were doing, right?
So you 're going to kill him, because he 's right, and you get hit by him while you 're doing the experiment
Van Kren
- Van Keelen - Don 't let him run away
hurry up
You can 't escape, Van Keelen
Thanks, Billy
They didn 't euthanize the dog
Apparently not, they probably couldn 't be rude
I understand
no you don 't understand
Yes, I don 't understand, because I have feelings?
have feelings
I ask you, what the hell happened to me in the lab?
Do you want to add sauce?
Why did I hear those voices when I didn 't go to Durr Valley?
You say fear and excitement?
You must have been drugged somewhere else, maybe in a lab
The pipelines there are old and full of holes
Medicines are in gas form, so . . .
- Do you want ketchup or brown sauce? - wait a minute
You thought the medicine was soaked in the sugar
you 're still pretty sure
Time to leave, there 's a bus in half an hour if you want to . . .
God, it 's you
You locked me in that killing lab
- No way, I 'm experimenting - experiment?
I 'm scared, Sherlock, I 'm scared to death
I thought the medicine was in sugar so I put a little in your coffee
Then arranged the whole experiment with Major Ballymore
It 's scientific, and it 's done in a no-compromise laboratory
It 's fine with me, I 'm coming to you, keep talking to me

Keep talking to me I can 't talk, will it be heard What do you see?
I don 't know but I can hear it
I know the effect of drugs on genius so I 'm going to see it on ordinary people
you understand me
But the medicine is not in the sugar
How do I know you 've been gassed?
- so you are wrong - no
You are wrong, the medicine is not in the sugar
- you 're mistaken - there 's a little bit
won 't happen again
Are there long-term sequelae?
As long as it 's out of the body, it 'll be fine, we 'll all be out.
I think mine is drained
where are you going?
be right back
dog urgency wall
ok let him go
(Sherlock)
(Sherlock)
