

Every time I get to the Grinch 's heart that 's three times bigger, I 'm going to cry.
Grinch 's 'The Grinch' protagonist hits town on Christmas Day to wreak havoc
It 's time to cry
Enlargement of the heart muscle or hypertrophic cardiomyopathy is very serious and can lead to heart failure


Don 't you like the story S heldon ?
not quite the opposite
I think the Grinch is a charming character to get along with
I admired his until he finally succumbed to social conventions
What a disappointment to return the gift and save Christmas
When we watched Frosty the snowman he was very sunny
Sorry, the sun is the root of everything in the world
F rosty is just a fleeting, moving and talking ice cube hat or a stolen one
By the way, he stole the hat and no one caught him
Honorary production
Translation: RINKI summerboom Proofreading: penny
Season 3 Episode 11

I love decorating Christmas trees.
like going back to childhood
We didn 't have a Christmas tree when we were kids
Really? Why?
The rules of my house are
Holidays are nowhere near as good as they are in anthropology or psychology
Contributions to humanity are worth celebrating
Oh, it 's so festive, you at least have a present, right?
Well, yes, we exchange papers
Then divide into groups to criticize each other
How about you, S heldon? Do you have a Christmas tree in your house?
oh yes
There 's a Christmas tree and a manger
Inflatable Santa Claus and plastic reindeer on the front lawn
To add to the festive atmosphere, the house is also covered with small sparkling light bulbs.
Flash makes the neighbors cramp
So you don 't want to help us decorate the Christmas tree
Yes, but if you insist on the fire hazard of spiders in my house decoration
I ask you to add this
What is this?
Are you kidding me?
This is a statue of Sir Isaac Newton.
oh ok ok it 's so Christmassy
Wait, sorry, this smells more Christmas than anything you hang on the tree
Again
Birth of Sir Isaac Newton on December 25, 1642
Jesus was actually born in the summer
People change his birthday to match a pagan tradition
On the festival day, people light bonfires to slaughter goats to celebrate the winter solstice
Honestly it 's more fun than spending 12 hours at church with my mom
Finally, I can only eat a fruit cake
Happy Newton 's Day everyone
I don 't know why, but I can feel it 's a little insincere
No problem, Sir Isaac can hang around this little candy bar
Don 't Isaac want to be at the top of the tree
this will not work
I see your doubts about Newton 's claim to have invented calculus
You want to put Leibniz on top (co-founder of calculus with Newton)
I really understand me for you, I 'm a fan of Leibniz
Maybe your mother can educate you when she gets here
What? Your mother is coming? When are you coming?
tomorrow
- Then when are you going to tell me? - Tomorrow
Why are you hiding from me?
- Actually . . . I . . .
- Allow me to interject
Apparently Leonard was worried that his mother wouldn 't let you two get together.
why? i 'm cute
- That 's right, just...
- Allow me to add one more sentence
Leonard 's family background is very prominent
Its members will choose a partner of the same prominent family
he may feel unsure
His mother doesn 't care about his object 's achievements
This woman 's most notable achievement was memorizing the menu for the Cheesecake Workshop
hey the menu is thick
Two pages for dessert
I know, there are specials that change every day
Okay, I 'd be rude to say that.
- It 's even more ridiculous that you flatter me - oh sorry
So what did she say when you told her we were dating?

You didn 't tell her we were dating, did you?
why ?
L eonard I 'm not a meditation expert but if you want to calm down
I believe it should be 'oh um'
You are so nice and you made a special trip to the airport to pick me up
no trouble at all
It 's my mom who brought him here
I 'm driving now
Well dear mom is proud
Always wanted to thank you for the annotations to my Quantum Brain Dynamics Theory paper
It 's my pleasure as a non-physicist
Your understanding of the electric dipole in the water molecule in the brain is unique
that is, it is impossible to form a Bose condensate
Wait, when are you annotating my mom 's paper?
August 16th
right after her carpal tunnel surgery
- Did I thank you for the flowers? - Thank you.
i don 't like flowers
- Me too, but it 's a social norm - right, isn 't it?
Wait until you have surgery?
Yes, S heldon gave me flowers
- No, I heard that - what does your mouthful of 'wait a minute' mean?
I just don 't understand why he knows more about your life than I do
I think maybe it 's because Sheldon and I have been in touch because of a common interest
But you are alienating me because of some problems in your childhood
We think that 's why you suffer from narcissistic personality disorder
We talked about this for a long time in our last video chat
We 're still at a loss as to why we 're talking about you.
That 's right, since we 've talked about this, I 'll ask by the way.
Leonard how have you been recently?
Not bad mom, how about you?
Well it 's menopause
I 'm a little bit worse
- Your brother is engaged, have you heard? - No
S heldon why didn 't you tell me?
My fault is nothing but a gift in our name

The other is a very good girl
New Jersey 's youngest appellate judge wins two Olympic bronze medals
- You must be very happy - why? I 'm not marrying her
What about you? Do you like it?
I don 't know if I like it or not but . . .
- Not yet S heldon - Okay
Shall we talk about Newton and Leibniz?
Never mind S heldon
I 'll just pretend Leonard isn 't hiding anything
But you know, Leonard, I 'm a trained psychiatrist
You 're showing facial twitches from keeping a secret
Just like when you were learning to masturbate
She 's really talented, right?
L e o n a r d
I 'm so jealous of you
Howard did you and Rajesh finally work up the courage
What about confiding in each other about potential gay plots?

what? no
why ?
Because we don 't have potential gay plots for each other.
Understood
not really i have a girlfriend now
So where did she go tonight? She went out of town and her grandmother died
Understood
her grandmother died
swear to god leonard tell her i have a girlfriend
I don 't know what you 're talking about
How can you not know what I 'm talking about?
Tell her I have a girlfriend now!
Well he 'has a girlfriend'
Her name is Bernadette and she 's a waitress, but she 's going to study microbiology
Howard remember that the more you insist on this statement
the more your partner hurts
Isn 't biting my ear a disservice?
sorry i 'm late
I 'm glad you could come and sit down and I 'll get you a plate
Mom, do you remember Penny?
Remember the waitress and actress who had unresolved father issues
Has he finally come to terms with the fact that his slugger chest is developing?
He sent footballs and catchers gloves for Christmas so I have to say no
If that makes you feel better, we 're all fine with your boobs.
Typical overcompensation psychology
Speaking of father reminds me that I 'm in the process of divorcing your father
- What? - Yes, he was cheating on me.
- No! - Yes with a certain waitress in the school cafeteria
Can you believe it? A waitress?

oh not that you darling
doesn 't sound like a compliment
When did this happen ?
I think ha S heldon When will I leave Leonard 's dad?
September 22
That 's right, the week after Leonard 's dog died
Mitzy is dead?
she 's old and blind leonard
What other choice do we have?
I don 't believe why I was the last to know? Sorry Leonard, I 'm getting a divorce and it 's Mitzy
What are you making a fuss about here?
I 'm sorry you said it to me, I really care too much!

What 's new about yours, Penny?
nothing

Thank you for driving me back to the hotel
oh it 's nothing
I was going to get it from Leonard but he seems a little unsettled
No one wants someone like that to operate heavy machinery
not want to
Your 'Check Engine' light is on
yeah i gotta put a sticker over it
Well . . . the divorce must have left you heartbroken.
Oh not at all
But it makes me feel a little uncomfortable to ride in a car that is not regularly maintained.
Please don 't you feel bad when your marriage is over? Well at first I seemed a little sad and maybe angry
But that 's the brain 's limbic system for
Natural reaction after being cheated on by a son of a bitch
Of course of course thankfully somehow
I haven 't had 'sex' with him in 8 years and it 's slowing the impact on me
8 years? That 's nothing
My orgasm has been self-sufficient since 1982
Ah
what 's so funny ?
That 's what I say 'Yeah' when I orgasm
I really need a drink right now. Would you like to stop for a drink?
- Oh I don 't drink - I drink and I teach you
L e o n a r d   L e o n a r d   L e o n a r d
What 's up ?
I made tea I don 't want to drink tea
I didn 't make it for you
This is my tea
Then why did you tell me?
Because it 's a joke
It 's a bad talk
Are you? We 're talking and you 're going to die
What do you want S heldon ?
I want to leave the starship Enterprise in a one-man spaceship
To an asteroid called Sheldon A 5 that I rule
I also think what are you doing here?
Of course to comfort you
No this will not work at all
I 'm still here to comfort you
Leonard what you are experiencing right now is a typical Jungian crisis
The old man regrets the loss of the ideal family that never came true Thank you this is really comforting
haven 't said it yet
- Not here yet? - No?
Our consolation is that the Germans have a say about how you feel right now
" W e l t s c h m e r z "
It means the melancholy that arises from comparing the real world with the fictional idealized world.
What you said makes me feel better
Germans are always comforting
Just remember that leonard let you down by raising your family
But you and me, your surrogate family
Are you my surrogate family ?
I 'm also not happy if it can make you feel better. Good night.
Well, try drinking it all this time






Ah
Since 2003 I 've been in charge of myself
Give me and my sisters another round
I feel a warm current spreading across my limbs
As long as it doesn 't feel like it 's coming out from under your pants you 'll be fine


oh great
I noticed that my restraint decreased immediately
For example, I really considered calling the waiter
Come to the back alley and make out with me while I 'm eating cheesecake

What do you think? Well our cheesecake is the signature

- fill us up - yeah
If a little wine is good, then it will be better

- Hey B ev guess what? - What?
I 'm on good terms with your son
Really? Which one?

stay at the door opposite me
That 's pretty handy. How about his dick?
Oh B everly I can 't talk to my boyfriend 's mom about his cock
Did you tell Hana about the waitress?

Actually I just ate cheesecake
Another round, you know, Leonard doesn 't want you to know that we 're in love
Is that right? Either the relationship embarrassed him or he didn 't bother to tell his mom that he had sex
Either you or I must have someone he doesn 't care about
Then let 's go ask
You go and hire me to put my business card in the waiter 's trouser pocket
Get a good pat on his firm little ass
- Leonard ? - Baby !
Come out! Your mother wants to ask you something!
What 's wrong with this?
you are in trouble
Why didn 't you tell me you were playing with my sisters?

- do I say so? - it 's fine.
Are you drunk?
I hope so, otherwise I 'll go to Del T aco for nothing.
By the way, why didn 't you tell me
Are you in love with such a lovely and charming girl ?
- Thank you. - I was
Is it because of her low culture doing the humble profession of entertaining others?
Didn 't you just say 'cute and charming'?
Then why didn 't you say that you and my dad were going to divorce?
Why didn 't you say you were going to have surgery?
Why didn 't you say my dog ​​is dead?
stop and stop . . .
I listened to you. You want our mother-son relationship to be closer
That 's right


Alright, it 's getting late, go to bed



I feel warm
That 's Del Taco 's credit.

Why is Leonard banging his head on the bedroom door?
Speaking of hot


Forget it, you might as well find the waiter


Thanks for taking me to the airport
don 't be polite
Again, I 'm the one who 's driving here.
Come on, I 'm so hungover I 'm not in the mood for your need for recognition
S heldon I really want you to forgive me for my indecent behavior last night
I don 't blame you for being drunk
Thank you
I blame Penny
I 'm a Penny badass too
wait what did you say
What inappropriate behavior?
Fuck it, I agree
I hope you take good care of this lady
- Thank you B everly - She should have no future in her career
Don 't let her orgasm be self-sufficient
Mom, don 't I think we don 't communicate enough? - Yeah my dear - I 'll let it go
The subtitles of this forum are only for translation, communication and learning. Any commercial use is prohibited, otherwise the consequences will be at your own risk.












