 00 : 00 : 00, 885 -- > 00 : 00 : 02, 381 Previously on " The Originals " ... This town was my home . I want it back .
 All of your scheming , the enemies that you have made every single day of your miserable life , what results did you expect , that your child would be born into a happy life ?

 This was our family 's hope .
 We need to regain control of the city .
 You want allies , right ?
 This is ground zero for a new vampire community .
 You may think that you 're better than us .
 We 're all you got .
 Hayley : We made a deal .
 He 'll pledge his loyalty to Cassie , report back , and tell me everything that he learns .
 Marcel : Her name is Gia .
 She 's the first one that I turned .
 She 's gonna need a mentor .
 We should 've known our mother would not be bound
 - by anything as obvious as death . - Where is she ?
 Finn , Kol , we have a family reunion to plan .
 [ Chirping ]
 So ... Which restaurant is missing a compelled chef ?

 It was certainly a card I played in the past , but I had no hand in this .
 Oh . Well , then I guess we have Elijah to thank .
 This wasn 't my doing .
 Then where did this all come from ?
 Oh !
 [ Rattles ]
 [ Hayley gasps ]
 What the hell was that ?
 An invitation from our mother .

 Ha ha ha !
 Esther : Now , children , it 's very hot .
 Rebekah , Kol , be careful .
 Where 's Niklaus ?
 Elijah , Finn , where 's your brother ?
 He 's in the woods , mother , hiding .
 [ Esther sighs ]
 What are you doing here ?
 Father said he 's to take me hunting later , but I 'm no good , not with him .
 He gets angry at me .
 I understand .
 Do you know what I do when I 'm afraid ?
 I listen to the starlings .
 When I was a little girl , my mother taught one of them a tune , and since they mimic each other 's songs , it spread until every starling in the forest sung it .

 When we made this our home ,
 I brought those same birds to these woods .
 Whenever you hear one sing , Niklaus , remember , I 'm with you ...
 Always and forever .
 [ Birds chirping ]
 [ Trumpet playing ]
 It is times like this I 'm really glad that I never knew my mother .
 We have enough enemies here , and now the war for our home is to be fought against my own family .
 Your wretched mother and her disciples tried to put a carving knife through our baby 's heart .
 I will happily add to the body count .
 You will do no such thing .
 Esther is a master in the art of possession .
 We know whose body she currently inhabits .
 We must decipher her intentions before she finds a new host .
 Was an assassination attempt on all her children .
 I think we can assume her intentions are decidedly foul .
 Well , then we have ...
 This afternoon to prepare for the worst .
 Bloom is off the rose , I see .
 Shut up .
 Wondered when you 'd show up .
 You pupil is waiting .
 It 's not like you to shirk your responsibilities .
 As you well know , she is not my burden to bear .
 You turned her . You teach her .
 Why 'd you come ?
 I 'm looking for a cooperative witch .
 I don 't know where Davina is , and , given the fact that she 's got your father on a leash , I wouldn 't put her in the cooperative category .

 Not Davina .
 Perhaps another witch on another leash .
 What makes you think I got another witch ?
 Perhaps the daylight ring on your new librarian .
 Good point .
 My memory is a little shaky .
 Lucky for you , though , I know someone who can help .
 Gia ...
 [ Music playing ]
 Why don 't you take Elijah to meet our friend Lenore ?
 If this is your idea of a joke ,
 I can assure you , I 'm not amused .
 Oh , there 's nothing funny about what 's going on .
 Mikael is back , witches causing chaos .
 If just seems like you need all the friends that you can get .
 You 're Oliver , correct ?
 Do I know you ?
 No , but I am , in fact , the person you 're meeting with this afternoon .
 Look . I 'm here to meet Cassie .
 I don 't know who you are , friend , but you certainly are no teenage girl that has magic powers .
 What a keen observation , friend .
 My name is Vincent , and when you speak to me , you are , in fact , speaking to Cassie , hmm ?
 I offer this as proof
 so if I decide I don 't want to answer to number two in chain of command ?
 Phht .
 [ Gasping ]
 I could make an example of you , show your pack what happens when Cassie 's requests are denied ...
 [ Gasping ]
 Or ... We could start again .
 [ Gasps ]
 That ring comes at a price , and you 'll begin paying for it today .
 And skip the salad course .
 Let 's not make this dreadful evening any longer than it needs to be .
 So I guess letting Oliver live paid off .
 He just informed me your mother has a partner in crime , another witch .
 Building alliances in her quest to destroy us , I imagine .
 Why does she hate you so much , Klaus ?
 She had 6 kids .
 It 's not like she doesn 't have the maternal Gene .
 7 , actually , and I think at one time , she loved us very much .
 One died before I was born .
 I didn 't know that .
 Years later , my brother Henrik was killed by the werewolves in our village .
 The loss of another child pushed my mother over the edge .
 So she used her magic to turn us into immortals .
 I think that 's when she loved us the most , but it was her undoing .
 It triggered a sequence of events that led to the reveal of her long- held secret .
 My birth father was the werewolf whose pack killed my little brother .
 Of course , when Mikael found out , he murdered my real father , and so my mother lost her lover , too .
 Wow .
 No wonder she 's crazy .
 I 'm out of my mind having just given away hope .
 I can 't imagine if she 'd actually died .
 You know , my siblings used to tell each other she didn 't hate us .
 She hated herself for what we 'd become .
 I think they believed that , even after she tried to kill us all .
 What did you believe ?
 I don 't know .
 I just knew I wanted her dead .
 Well , every good story needs a wicked witch .
 It 'll be all the more satisfying when we melt her .
 So you 're not much of a talker , huh ?
 No problem .
 Last guy I hung out with , he wouldn 't shut up .
 So I guess I was due for a change .
 Your task is to lead me to someone .
 Let 's just do that , shall we ?
 You want to walk in silence , cool , but you 're going the wrong way .
 Marcel believes I can instruct you .
 First lesson ...
 Do your best not to waste my time .
 [ Music playing ]
 [ Door opens ]
 Go away . I 'm busy .
 Just blatantly practicing magic , I see .
 Herbal remedies for a neighbor who lost her insurance , but my guess is , an original ain 't here to talk neighborhood gossip .
 I have a favor to ask you .
 Quarter is crawling with witches .
 Go ask one of them .
 Don 't typically ask favors of my enemies .
 So you come across the river to bother me .
 It 's unfortunate , isn 't it ?
 Bureaucracy has not been kind to your community .
 Those tax incentives on local businesses , been stalling for months .
 Of course , a persuasive person could potentially remove any red tape .
 I 'm listening .
 A certain someone ... Let 's say , a witch ...
 Has a troublesome tendency of jumping into other bodies .
 When she does so again ,
 I 'd like to know into whom she jumps .
 Soul branding .
 It 's a sacrificial spell .
 I 'm gonna need an item that 's been spelled by the witch in question and a python .
 I shall retrieve the enchanted item .
 My partner will take care of the python .
 Ew . What ?
 Second lesson of the day ...
 Acquisition through mind compulsion .
 How the hell do I do mind compulsion ?
 Can I help you ?
 I 'm most certain that you can .
 Let me guess . You need a favor .
 Painless one , I promise .
 There was a necklace I gave you a long time ago .
 It was a leather strap with a metal bird on the end .
 Yeah . You gave it to me when I turned 11 .
 You remember .
 Mikael is back .
 Elijah is babbling on about family drama .
 Esther : Come here , Klaus .
 Birds are sacred to the vikings .
 It 's how we find land .
 It 's how your father and I found our home here .
 Here .
 If ever you are lost or scared or in need of me , just clasp the bird and I will come .
 Do the others get one ?
 I love all my children , but you , Niklaus , you 're the most special .
 That is why I 'm giving this to you and you alone .
 Promise me you will wear it always .
 I promise .
 [ Flute and drum playing ]
 Your father may teach you to hunt , but I shall teach you to win the heart of the prettiest girl in the village .
 [ Both laughing ]
 Where 's your starling necklace ?
 Oh , must 've fallen off .
 You need to find it now , immediately .
 It 's all right , mother . I found it .
 You owe a great thank- you to your brother , don 't you ?
 Don 't you ?
 Thank you , Finn .
 Do I even want to know why you 're asking for a necklace that your mother gave you ?
 Believe me , Marcel , you want no part in the latest chapter of our sprawling family saga .
 Thank you for holding on to this .
 I 've heard from Kol .
 He 's still looking for the young witch .
 I imagine he 'll find her soon enough .
 A shame he 'll miss dinner , although it is best that his new identity remains unknown .
 This new witch you 've brought me ,
 Lenore , she seems rather stubborn .
 Mother , I 'd be happy to open her up to new possibilities .
 Have Oliver handle her .
 Your means of persuasion will be needed for dinner .
 Have we received any response to our invitation ?
 I imagine your message had quite the effect .
 Both he and Elijah have been on the move all day .
 Of course . Clever boys .
 Make sure you 're ready for them this evening .
 I 've handled everything exactly as you 've instructed .
 I 'd expect nothing less from you , Finn .
 You torture your own ?
 I persuade .
 I 'd like for you to do the same .
 She had some visitors earlier today .
 I 'd like to know what they wanted .
 Don 't dally .
 Your Algiers witch is being held captive in the quarter .
 Hayley :
 Oh , perfect .
 Mother is a step ahead of us , as usual .
 Oliver is with her .
 I 'll go , and I 'll get her to do the spell , but I need the necklace .
 I don 't like this ...
 You don 't get to ignore me for days and suddenly act like you 're concerned , Elijah .
 No .
 Just for once , please , will you trust me that I will do something and it will get done ?
 Thank you .
 Wait .
 I don 't want to hear ...
 There 's something else .
 A disciple of Marcel 's was instructed to fetch another ingredient .
 Ask for Gia .
 Ok .
 What 's going on with your two ?
 Nothing .
 She 's stronger . That 's all that matters .
 Gia : A snake .
 That was my big lesson of the day ...
 Snake fetching .
 Hold on . You compelled yourself a snake ?
 No ! I stole the damn thing .
 Captain condescension didn 't feel the need to cover the mind control chapter in today 's lesson .
 Did you even try ?
 I don 't even know where to start trying , Marcel .
 Why Elijah ? I 'm not stupid .
 You want something from him .
 I just can 't guess the reason you think
 I 'm the way to get it .
 Actually , I want something for him , and it 's the same thing that I want for you .
 Which is what ?
 This . Us . Our new community .
 Look . I learned my lesson the hard way .
 You can 't make your way in this town unless you have an original looking out for you .
 Klaus is so fixated on those wolves , and Elijah is so wrapped up in centuries of his family 's old crap that he can 't see it , but we need him .

 We need him to see us as family , too .
 I couldn 't even get my own family to care about me .
 How am I supposed to win him over ?
 I 've known that man 200 years .
 He 's cranky . He 's fussy .
 He can ride your last nerve , but he has an Achilles ' heel , ok ?
 He can 't help trying to fix what 's broken .
 You don 't need to be anything other than what you already are ...
 Someone who needs his help .
 Are these outfits really necessary ?
 Appears as though we 're showing respect , Niklaus .
 Mother will be more likely to surrender her true intentions .
 Well , I doubt her guard will drop just because I 'm dressed like a bloody lawyer .
 We need every advantage we can get , Niklaus .
 You always did excel at diplomacy .
 Just know if she tries anything ,
 I 'll tear her new body to pieces .
 Vincent :
 Ha ha ha !
 You two haven 't changed a bit .
 Linens and silk can 't disguise your pathetic self- loathing , and you , despite the arrogant facade , you 're still the same paranoid little boy full of hate and fear .

 Forgive me .
 I don 't believe I 've had the pleasure .
 You mean , you don 't recognize me ?
 Huh ?
 So much for the unbreakable bonds of family , huh ?
 Always and forever , indeed .
 It 's been a long time ...
 Finn .
 Now that the introductions are out of the way , let 's eat .
 Oliver : They worked her over pretty good .
 Hayley : We need to get her out of here .
 What ? Well , then what ?
 They 'll know that I let her go .
 Look . You asked me to infiltrate Cassie 's coven .
 I 'm not gonna blow my cover for some has- been , hippie witch , no offense .
 I guess we could always make it look like you got jumped , tell Cassie that Lenore got rescued by her people .
 Let me guess .
 You want to beat the hell out of me , make it look convincing ?
 Oh , I can 't say I won 't enjoy it .
 Ok . Just ...
 Just not the face , ok ?
 Mm .
 [ Sniffs ]
 What an aromatic Bordeaux .
 Well , it was a challenge to find a good pairing .
 What wine goes well with treachery ?
 Don 't pout , brother .
 Tonight is meant to be a happy occasion .
 What , exactly , are we celebrating ?
 Well , my return , of course .
 Remember , I spent 900 years , right ,
 lying daggered in a box .
 I 'm rather enjoying this new body , strolling about your lovely city that you 've made your home .
 Do tell me , what 'd I miss ?
 Regale me with your contributions to society ...
 Medicine , philosophy , art ...
 Or have you two merely cut a path of destruction across time ?
 The last time we met , you were helping our mother try to annihilate the lot of us .
 Klaus :
 Let 's not throw stones in glass houses .
 Are we expecting another guest ?
 Mother will sit at the head , and as for the seat across from me , that 's reserved for another of our clan .
 Care to wager an educated guess ?
 How about a paranoid one ?
 Well , there 's no way Kol would listen to anything other than his ego .
 And yet our mother has made such a compelling argument that even he , the wildest of us Mikaelsons , has seen the error of his ways and accepted his new form with vigor .
 Change , dear brothers , is inevitable .
 You would dare face us as a mortal ?
 The only thing inevitable is your death .
 Hmm ...
 I suppose the honor of carving should go to the oldest .
 We have much to discuss .
 Hayley : It 's gonna be ok , I promise .
 What 's your dog in this fight ?
 You 're not a Mikaelson .
 I sort of am in spirit .
 The werewolf mother .
 Turned witch rescuer , apparently .
 Listen . Can we do the spell , or not ?
 After what that bitch and her lackey did to me ,
 I 'll do any spell you want .
 Vincent : I 'm rather enjoying my evening .
 And I 'd enjoy you getting to the point .
 I had 900 years to learn to be patient , although I am curious why you kept me daggered in a box for so long .
 You were daggered for being an ever- simpering sycophant .
 Did mother bring you back from the dead so you could wash her knickers ?
 She raised me because I was treated unfairly , cheated out of all but the smallest portion of my life .
 Elijah , I can understand such cruelty coming from him , but I always thought of you as being the compassionate one .
 What did I do to deserve you turning your back on me ?
 Were you afraid of Niklaus ?
 Are you still , or perhaps jealousy is why you kept me locked in a box .
 You coveted the duties of the eldest brother , in which case , you had near on a millennium to fix the problems of this family and instead produced 9 centuries of failure .

 You might reside ... Somewhat parasitically ,
 I might add ...
 In another body , but let me assure you , in 900 years , your tedious sentiments remain quite the same .
 You see , Finn , like father , you 've always despised our supernatural existence .
 Father , of course , slaughtered and consumed his own , whereas you , you became pretentious and dull , much like this meal .
 I will not ask you again . Where is mother ?
 Cassie : Ah , my darling son , I 've missed you , too .
 So will this take long ?
 You want me to soul brand the resurrected spirit of a 1, 000- year- old witch .
 It 's best I take my time and do it right .
 For what it 's worth , I 'm sorry .
 No one should ever have to lose a child .
 No . No one should .
 You have the talisman ?
 Yeah .
 So how does this work ?
 You brand Esther with the spell , and then what ?
 The next time she jumps into a body , she 'll be marked with a distinctive symbol on the back of her hand .
 This way , you always know who she is .
 I 'd sooner know why she 's here .
 When Esther held you captive , did she give you any idea why she 's doing all this ?
 Love .
 How hard did they hit you ?
 What besides love inspires such pain and cruelty ?
 And Esther ...
 Her love is ...
 Very , very strong .
 Why don 't you say what you came here to say so this wretched night can end .
 Klaus :
 It pains me that you and Elijah
 look at me with such disdain .
 I wish you could see that my every action has been to protect you .
 You actually believe that , don 't you ?
 I knew you were a liar , but now I see you 're utterly delusional .
 If you can , forget the hatred that you cling to and remember all the times I 've mended and healed you .
 Ha ha !
 Elijah , do you recall the day Niklaus challenged your father to a duel ?
 Did I leave your brother to die alone ?
 What did I say when you came to me and asked me to help him ?
 That you would rather die than to watch any of your children suffer .
 Klaus :
 Aagh !
 Oh !
 Tell me what happened .
 I challenged him .
 What were you thinking ?
 I thought if I could just best him just once , he would see that I 'm worthy .
 You need to hold still .
 D 'aagh !
 Oh ...
 Niklaus , calm down .
 Everything is going to be fine .
 He laughed at my challenge .
 He said he would take this from me as a prize after defeating me .
 We began to fight , and he knocked me down .
 He cut the bird from my neck , and I grew so angry ,
 I hit him again and again , and then I cut him .
 What happened next ?
 The look on his face , I 'd never seen it before , and I was so proud .
 Mother , I held this up to show him I had kept my prize , and then he ...
 Why would ...
 Your father in his rage struck you with his sword .
 I wouldn 't let him take this from me .
 It was your gift to me .
 You 're a good boy , Niklaus . You did the right thing .
 The necklace .
 [ Chanting ]
 It wasn 't a spell to protect me .
 Promise me you will wear it always .
 It made me weak .
 I sought to protect you from yourself .
 If you would 've killed your father in that duel or anyone else over the course of your life , you would 've activated your curse .
 You ruined me .
 You left me to suffer at the hands of a father who valued only strength .
 I kept you from becoming a beast for as long as I possibly could .
 Oh , you lied to me to hide your own transgressions because of your own fear !
 My whole life , I sought the approval
 I was denied by the man I thought was my father .
 You turned me into the weakling he hated !
 Look at me !
 You rant , and you rage about the monster I 've become , but you , mother , you are the author of everything I am .
 [ Lenore chanting ]
 She 's gone .
 Where is she ?
 Are you ok ?
 Yes .
 You sure ?
 Just getting my bearings .
 Oh ...
 The mark .
 It 's you , isn 't it ?
 Esther .
 Where is our mother ?
 Where am I ? What 's happening ?
 [ Gagging ]
 Elijah : Leave her . She 's a puppet .
 Niklaus , look at her .
 She has absolutely no idea .
 What are you talking about ? Who are you ?
 Shut up . Stop talking right now .
 Our mother orchestrates this entire evening just to torture us and then simply vanishes .
 Why ?
 What if we are not the only minds she was hoping to poison tonight ?
 [ Cell phone vibrating ]
 Go ahead . You can answer it .
 Elijah , I 'm at Lenore 's shop .
 That 'll be enough .
 They 're gonna come for me .
 My darling , it 's been the idea all along .
 Why would she want Hayley ?
 To kill her , to punish us , to learn the truth about the child , for one of any number of reasons , all of which will be rendered moot when I send her screaming back to hell .


 It 's so lovely to finally meet you .
 Tell me , do my sons ever acknowledge the good you bring into their lives ?
 After all , it was you who gave them hope .
 The promise of a child shows us all the possibilities of a future that could be .
 Children are meant to save us from the worst parts of who we are , a truth that makes my own circumstances all the more tragic , wouldn 't you say ?

 I don 't pity you , Esther .
 Hmm .
 It 's a terrible thing for a mother to fail her child , as you well know ...
 But now I offer you freedom , the gift of a new body , freedom from being a hybrid .
 I have the ability to return to you all that you have lost , Hayley , to make it so you can have a family of your own , more children of your own .
 Wouldn 't that be nice ?
 I assume I have the misfortune of speaking to my mother .
 Klaus :
 You hide behind your spells like a coward .
 I did not come here to wage war .
 Everything you do is an act of war .
 If you touch her , so help me ...
 Hayley is free to go .
 I 've spoken my piece . She knows why I 'm here .
 I have come to heal our family , Elijah .
 Klaus : Well , that 's a grim sentiment coming from you .
 Go now .
 My intent was never to harm , only to heal , as I have already healed your brothers Finn and Kol .
 For you , I will undo everything that has been done , thereby giving you a new life , one without the vampire curse
 I inflicted upon you .
 [ Rumbling ]
 Ask Hayley to share with you my loving proposition .
 You 're a fool if you think we 'll accept anything you offer .
 Oh , you are wrong , Niklaus .
 There will come a time , my darling ...
 When you will beg for it .
 Of course she used those damn birds to make her escape .
 Klaus :
 Besides mother 's offer of rebirth , what else did she say ?
 I don 't know . She rambled a lot .
 She blamed the two of you for what happened to hope , to me .
 Well , I trust you 're not thinking of taking her offer .
 Hayley , I 'm talking to you .
 What do you want me to say , Klaus ?
 I lost my daughter , so , yeah , when your mother offers to wipe the slate clean , excuse me if I 'm tempted .
 By the way , thanks for your help tonight , Elijah .
 I 'm sorry that it takes me being in danger for you to even talk to me .
 Leave her . I need you with me .
 Our mother , Elijah , the woman brought us into the world , made us what we are , and the whole time , she lied to me .
 She made me weak .
 You were never weak , Niklaus .
 You are and you have always been the most fierce of us all .
 In a thousand years , I 've never seen anyone successfully stand against you , not even our wicked father , not one of the countless devoted to your destruction .
 You will protect our home , even in the face of an adversary such as our mother , because that , brother , that is what you do .
 You remain ever the wise counsel , brother .
 The rest of the family could learn something from you .
 [ Slide guitar playing ]
 ♪ Left- handed voodoo ♪ ♪ sure do got a spell on me ♪
 What ? You need another python ?
 Oh , one can never have too many . ♪ Yes , I am ♪
 You playing tonight ?
 I don 't think so .
 It 's a shame . You 're rather good .
 Ever since I turned , I haven 't been able to play .
 I don 't know why . ♪ Won 't you give me something about it ? ♪
 It 's different for us .
 Cadence , rhythm ... ♪ Woke up this morning ♪
 Harmony , our experience of the senses is altered .
 We move faster .
 We hear things with a greater acuity .
 Silences are at once longer and more profound . ♪ This you should know ♪
 Sounds are simply different to our ears , and then there is the ocean .
 For a vampire , it 's extremely heightened ... ♪ Hey , mama , kiss my worried mind ♪ ♪ all the time ♪ ♪ if you don 't love me , won 't you ... ♪
 Sometimes difficult to express .
 Huh .
 Yeah . That 's ...
 That 's exactly it .
 Your music , the joy you felt when playing , you can learn again .
 I can help you .
 Why ?
 Because if someone had done the same thing for myself and my siblings , I 'm quite certain history would have unfolded differently .
 Where were you ?
 I saw Elijah .
 You were right .
 He found something he wanted to fix .
 He 's gonna help me .
 [ Music playing ]
 He 's gonna help us all .
 Vincent :
 Now , you must have known they would never give in without a fight .
 Of course . Tonight was not an ultimatum .
 It was an invitation .
 Just want to get them thinking .
 After all , only those who know they are lost will ask to be found .
 They 're defiant by nature , and they 've grown very strong .
 How do you expect to show them the error of their ways ?
 I will systematically destroy everything they hold dear .
 I 've already taken the wolves from Niklaus and made them my own .
 It is time now to focus on the prodigal son Marcel and his small nest of vampires across the river .
 Now that we have cleansed the quarter of his kind , perhaps it 's time to turn our attention to the outskirts of our beautiful home .
 We will take their pride , their joy , their love .
 We will lay it all to ruin , and when they are at their lowest point , in their deepest despair , they will have no choice but to beg me to release them from their pain , and because I love them ,


 I will .
