Good 'Avatar' on Pandora if they want to have sex they hook up their little tails so their little tails are like their little brothers
so what?
So they also use their little tails when they ride horses and birds.
What do you want to say?
I mean if I were a horse or a bird I would definitely be nervous around James Cameron
I 'm amazed that you 've been obsessed with unreal details. There are more important things to worry about in the real world.
Like why didn 't the new 'Star Trek' movie have William S hatner in it?
Captain role of USS Enterprise in original Star Trek series and seven spin-off movies
Hey S heldon
I just went to the Academic Affairs Office and happened to hear the name of this year 's Principal 's Cup Science Prize winner
You want to stimulate me again and tell me that my contribution has been ignored again?
I am the William S hatner of theoretical physics
ok i will follow you
Which pompous impostor are they awarding the prize again this year?
Oh, I 'm glad you can ask that, it 's just you
- Awarded to me? - Exactly
I won an award!
so shocked
It 's not that I won the award, I 'm the most qualified to win this award
Actually, I think I used the wrong word. It 's not shock, it 's inevitable.
I really don 't know what to do first maybe I should call my mom
Wait a minute! I know I 'll do a self-interview and post it online

Pretty good
Yeah, what William S hatner of theoretical physics needs most is self-confidence.
Translation: Grandpa Penguin Xia Sheng Proofreading: penny

That spear looks like it 's going through your head, doesn 't it?
Nope
Hey, you don 't have 3D glasses if you don 't buy Slurpee at the convenience store
Oh, someone called to congratulate me again
mute thanks
wait a minute flame arrow
Hey ?
Oh, Principal Morton, hello sir
yeah i 've been waiting for your call
three years ago
right
Wait what if I don 't want to speak?
Well what if I don 't want the trophy to be confiscated?
You really don 't have to negotiate
OK, thanks
in trouble
what 's wrong?
They want me to give a speech at the awards ceremony
I can 't give a speech
Don 't you make a mistake, you speak all the time
you can 't shut up
Yeah you talked about 20 minutes before the movie why guacamole turns yellow

It turned yellow before you finished
I can totally talk to a small group of people
I can 't speak in public
What do you think counts as a large audience?
There are so many people that they can trample me to death
36 adults or 70 children in a pinch
S heldon congratulations
Brought you cheesecake from class
Because you won the prize, not because the waiter sneezed on it
- I don 't want that award - why?
It seems that the great S heldon Cooper will be afraid when he comes to power
What 's the reason for this?
I got a big award in high school and I was terrified of going on stage in a big crowd but I got through it, you know?
It 's a beautiful world to sit on a haystack behind a Ford F-150 or be a member of the Corn Queen Association
Thanks, I 'll keep that in mind in case I 'm nominated for a hillbilly peace prize someday
S heldon you are exaggerating
huh? let me tell you a story
Why haven 't the 70 children come now?
when i was 14 years old summacumlaude graduated from university
'S ummacumlaude' is Latin for 'with distinction'
When no one asks, you always just skip like you the most
I want to give a graduation speech when I graduate
Even now I can remember the moment I walked up to the podium and looked at the crowd below
There must be thousands of people
My heart is jumping out
I started to breathe short
Vision blurred before I knew it . . .
oh girl
Oh my God
S h e l d o n ?
S heldon are you okay?
don 't step on me
please mom you know why i can 't get this award
No offense, I don 't think it 's useful to pray
I haven 't heard 'J esus Take the W heel'
don 't don 't... you don 't have to sing
Alright, I 'll go buy it on IT unes and listen to my mom
goodbye mom
OK
sit down we want to talk to you
Am I in trouble? Or did my mom call you?

sit down
I think we can help you overcome your stage phobia
oh i don 't believe it
I can 't figure it out and I 'm way smarter than you all
Yeah, but we 're still smarter than you
oh sorry i just said add up
Well your problem is that you want to handle this on your own
we can help you, we can be yours
Like Professor Xavier and his X-Men
I really like the X-Men
Have I seen the X-Men?
I saw what we saw last week, and you said you like it
Oh I said so much darling
How is it S heldon ?
I do not know
If you were my X-Men, what would your abilities be?
Okay, I 'm going to take you to the store to buy you a handsome suit

Maybe make you more confident
You can 't get into Xavier 's super-powered youth school with this ability
But go ahead Leonard ?
I think I can try to analyze you to find the source of your tension
Why are you analyzing my thoughts?
My mom is a very good psychiatrist and she 's treated me too since she wondered why I didn 't stop breastfeeding
Raj says he can teach you . . .
how do you say it ?
Can 't understand some kind of Indian meditation or something
understood
I think since you set the bar so low, you must have saved the best for the last. Howard
shock me
My ability is to pretend to care about your insignificant trouble
And wear it all day, man
thank you for pretending
What do you think of S heldon ? We 'll be your X-Men ?
Do not
X-Men 's X is from Charles Xavier
My name is Sheldon Cooper, you are my C-Men (sound like Semen)
Oh that 's a bad name

good S heldon
I 'm going to lead you through a series of meditation exercises
These methods are from the sages of India who helped me overcome my fears
But now you still can 't talk to women
Yes but thanks to meditation I can be in the same room with them and not urinate
close your eyes now
ok but don 't hit me
What ?
When I was a kid my sister would say to me 'close your eyes and I 'll surprise you'
Then she hit me
I won 't hit you
My sister always says the same
- Are you going to do it? - I 'm sorry, let 's get started
OK
Imagine yourself where you are most comfortable
where ?
SimCity
More precisely, the SimCity I designed
Xie Xiaodun City
Well you are in Xie Xiaodun City
Where exactly?
Little Shield Plaza? Little Shield Building?
Little Shield Stadium or Little Shield Warriors Home ?
Casual
I thought it was guided meditation
Well, you are now in Little Shield Plaza
Really? It 's kinda cold right now
then put on a sweater
I can go downtown and go to Sherma to buy something.
Whatever you want, go buy a sweater
Best of all, I drive the Sherma so I get a 15% discount
Your home is great, grab your sweater!
Last quarter I just took things off the shelf and made no profit at all
okay then
You 've already bought the sweater and it 's now at Little Shield Plaza
etc
This is a cardigan to be buttoned up
- oh no- what happened?
A Godzilla-like monster is preparing to invade
I have to keep citizens safe
Thanks to the citizens of Xiaodun City, I am your mayor
Follow me
If kids can 't run, throw them away
Oh mock tragedy

R a j ?
as i thought
Meditation is bullshit
I have a question about your idea
A new suit will keep me from passing out in front of a crowd?
it gives you confidence
I 'll go buy a beautiful top and skirt and I 'll have a whole new outlook on life
Don 't you realize later that you 're still so nervous just wearing a beautiful top and a pretty skirt?
That 's when I go shopping for shoes
come see what 's here
This good-looking
it 's monochrome
so what?
It 's so expensive for just one color!
Well, why don 't you choose

This is sharp
no you are wrong
This is awesome I had one like this when I was six
I think I 'll drop this one.
Where did you find it?
Prom area
Do not make jokes
Ex-Corn Queens Association member is too embarrassed to say
please try this
It 's okay, but if you try again, you 'll be beaten by this one.
It 's so ridiculous, it 's like a clown
S heldon . . how are you ?
This is the opening line of your psychotherapy ?
'How am I?'
I had promised to go on a subliminal jungle cruise
Instead I heard the same question asked by the lady in R alph 's house sausage cutting
sorry i do it again
Would it help to tell you about my dreams?
I don 't know maybe
I had a dream recently that I was a giant
But the surrounding things are scaled up in the same proportion, so it doesn 't look special.
How do you know you 're a giant if everything else is in the same proportions?
I 'm wearing size 1 million pants
let 's chat
Talk Therapy Freud Classic Good Decisions

My answer to the Rorschach inkblot test, if I can speed things up, is: (a psychological test that studies personality differences)
A bat B bat
C bat D my dad killed my mom with a hypodermic syringe
let me start
Sometimes people have an acceptance block and subconsciously they don 't think they deserve it
Maybe your crux is here?
Is it Leonard ?
Are you going to use Alder 's theory of inferiority complex?
It is estimated that the woman in the R alph family will also speak.
She also let me taste a few cheeses for free
Maybe part of your problem is here. Let me give you an example.
At age 8 my experiment won a prize at a tech fair
'Is lima beans more beneficial to grow under the influence of classical music' but my mother said it was just a revision of my brother 's previous research
'Are lima beans unfit to grow under the influence of rock?'
I felt ashamed and returned the medal
How did you feel at the time?
bad
I put a lot of effort into that experiment
I stayed up all night singing the aria of the clown in the opera 'Harlequin' to a sprout
continue
that 's not my fault
I haven 't seen my brother 's experiment, can my mom tell me in advance?
rather than in front of everyone at the awards ceremony
So you 're saying you 're mad at your mother
Of course I 'm angry

God, I was only eight years old
She humiliated me like that and that 's when I started wetting the bed again.
- Thank you Leonard - Thank me for what?
If you 're as devastated as you are, you can struggle to get out of bed every morning
I think awards ceremonies are a piece of cake
Wait a minute this is over? I thought it was an hour!
good evening ladies and gentlemen
I am Dr. Leonard Hofstadter and it is my great pleasure to introduce this year 's recipient of the Chancellor 's Prize for Science and my good friend Dr. Sheldon Cooper
But before that
I want to read a letter from Sheldon 's mother to him, she can 't be there tonight
Isn 't it warm? His mother even sent him a letter
she is proud of him
I don 't know what that feels like
'Dear Shelly'
That 's what she called him
Shelly is a nickname
Do you know what my mother called me by my nickname?
L e o n a r d
digress
' Dear Shelly . . . '
Oh my God
- What 's wrong? - I 'm starting to get dizzy
Don 't worry, your C-Men are here.
I can 't, I 'm going to faint
Drinking this will make you relax
Alcohol? I don 't drink
get dizzy
I don 't feel anything. This cup is not good.
Let 's see if this cup is of any use
First of all, those are two completely different experiments
I showed that classical music can breed lima beans and make them grow and my mom didn 't hear me
If you 're looking at nurture and growth, what I 'm trying to say is that my brother is eight inches taller than me.
I 'm ready
Oh fine
Ladies and gentlemen, we have our VIP Dr. S heldon Cooper

thank you
Okay, do you guys want to have some fun?
You all have a basic understanding of differential calculus and have studied algebraic topology for at least a year, right?
Okay, then I 'm going to tell a joke
Why do chicks cross the Mobius strip? (only one side-boundary structure)
Because we 're going to the same side-- just kidding!
A neutron walks into a bar and asks 'How much is a drink?'
The bartender replied 'you don 't get paid for what you say'
anyone there ?
I know you 're all there. I can hear you all metabolizing oxygen and carbon dioxide.
It seems that there are still academic leaders in the audience.
Dr. R andall of the Geology Department is the only neglected and silly master
Bunder, you Bunder!
Of course I 'm joking with the geologist because I don 't think much of geology
Point down below
Why are we here?
Because we are all scientists
So what do scientists study?
Research Universe
So what is the universe made of?
Glad you asked that. There are antimony, arsenic, aluminum, selenium, hydrogen, oxygen, nitrogen, and rhenium.
Nickel, Neodymium, Neptunium, Germanium, Iron, Americium, Ruthenium, Uranium, Europium, Zirconium
Vanadium Asians come! And lanthanum osmium astatine and radium . . .
P e n n y   L e o n a r d
can you answer me some
Questions about last night?
Just ask
First question . . . where are my pants?
You can check it out on YouTube
Search for what?
It 's already buffered, just click play
Okay, let 's talk about math
The idea that there is only three-dimensional space in this world hinders our imagination
Can I take my pants off my head?
Of course not
Because my body is in the way
But if we can get into the higher dimensions we can make the pants go around the body and that 's the fourth dimension
Then we 'll never have to take off our pants
oh god . . .
Nothing is more humiliating than this
don 't worry
Take care of the astronomers and audiences get ready for the dark side of the moon
Uranus is here (U ranus is the same as yourunas your anus) The subtitles of this forum are only for translation and learning purposes. Any commercial use is prohibited. Otherwise, the consequences will be at your own risk.
