 I assume I have the misfortune of speaking to my mother .
 Klaus :

 I have come to heal our family .
 I will undo everything that has been done , thereby giving you a new life .
 I don 't believe I 've had the pleasure .
 You mean you don 't recognize me ?
 It 's been a long time , finn . Cami :
 I have to get back to campus .
 I 'm meeting my new advisor . - Mr. Griffith ?
 - Call me Vincent . Elijah :
 Aiden , you and Oliver escort the children .
 We 'll handle the rest .
 Elijah :
 Uh !
 Ugh !
 No more . Lenore :
 Oh , I 'm afraid we 've just begun .
 What is it , hayley ?
 Something has happened to Elijah .
 He 's vanished . Lenore :
 Stop fighting , Elijah .
 I want you to rejoin our family , take the body of a mortal .
 We can all be happy again .
 Get out of my head .
 The only way to find peace is my way .
 [ Chanting ]
 [ Creak ]
 [ Panting ]
 Sister ...
 I 've come to beg for your help .
 What for ?
 You know I 've always wanted children of my own .
 Then go . Have your viking children .
 It 's been almost a full year , and I 'm still not with child .
 I fear I 'm cursed .
 Dahlia , please .
 Your magic , it could help me .
 You come to me needing favors .
 If you hadn 't abandoned your talents with witchcraft , you could help yourself .
 I was never as strong as you .
 I know that just as I know you will not turn me away .
 You are my sister , and whatever our quarrels , we are bound by blood .
 Please help me .
 What you ask of me , it requires a heavy sacrifice .
 I will do whatever you ask .
 Oh ...
 I could never refuse you ...
 My precious , little Esther .
 Synced and corrected by oykubuyuk www . Addic7ed . Com why don 't you just kill me and get it over with ?
 Speak to her again , I 'll feed you your tongue .
 Spread the word from here to the bayou .
 Midnight tonight , he 's to be put to death for his part in aiding the escape of deserters .
 For now , chain him up in the lycee .
 Tell the other wolves to come and have a look and see what happens to traitors .
 Well done .
 Now , I believe you have a meeting . Good .
 I 'll tend to your brother .
 Still sleeping , lost in visions of horror and dreams of love ...
 And still so strong , so full of life , too willful to take my offer .
 I remember you as a little boy ...
 Innocent , kind .
 If that boy had known the creature he would one day grow up to be , he 'd have leapt into my arms and begged me to save him .

 I 'd do anything for that little boy ...
 As I would for you .
 Aagh !
 [ Chanting ]
 Man :
 Aagh !
 [ Saxophone playing ]
 Hayley : Ah , I see your interrogation went well .
 Turns out , these witches are delicate creatures .
 No matter .
 As suspected , my mother has Elijah captive . Great .
 Let 's go find them .
 Esther is too powerful .
 She won 't easily be found .
 I need to draw her out . Wait .
 Where are you going ?
 I 'm going to change my shirt , and then I 'm gonna find my brother .
 Klaus , let me come with you .
 I know you want to help , Hayley , but you can 't .
 My mother is wretched .
 She will target you in order to thwart me , and I can 't very well save Elijah if I 'm busy saving you , can I ?
 Gia :
 I did like you said ... Kept a low profile , went all over the city .
 There 's no sign of Elijah anywhere .
 Yeah .
 The humans I know said the same thing .
 Maybe Klaus is having better luck . Hayley :
 No .
 He 's not , which sucks , considering how low the bar is around here . Hayley :
 Listen . You two up for a rescue mission ?
 Are we going after Elijah ? Nope .
 That 's all Klaus .
 I 'm talking about Oliver .
 He and Elijah were fighting the werewolves together .
 I 've heard that Oliver has been captured and he 's about to be executed .
 Now , look . If we can save Oliver , then we might be able to find out where Elijah is .

 Ok .
 So what do you want from us ?
 Just a little distraction .
 Esther 's son finn , he 's the one that 's controlling the werewolves .
 If you can keep him out of the way ,
 I can go get Ollie myself .
 Can 't take on all those wolves by yourself .
 You 'll get killed , and then I 'll get killed for letting it happen .
 I 'm not going in alone .
 The werewolves may be answering to the witches , but they still have an Alpha .
 I just have to find him .
 Fancy seeing you here . Ha !
 Not that fancy , seeing as I work here .
 I thought I mentioned that .
 Cami , half my patients work in bars .
 Can 't avoid them all .
 You ok ? Let me guess .
 More drama with Klaus .
 Is that right ?
 Yeah , actually . He has family in town .
 They don 't really get along , and he 's kind of flipping out .
 I got sucked into the crazy .
 Seems unfair that he would rely so heavily on you for support .
 Doesn 't he have anyone else ?
 His sister left town .
 His brother has been ... Occupied .
 Rest of his family I wouldn 't say has a healthy dynamic .
 So I guess I just feel a professional obligation to help him .
 Cami , this is a person whom you 've described as being dangerous .
 Not to me .
 I don 't want you to put yourself in a position where he can harm you .
 I know it 's your job to give me advice , but can we save the shop talk ?
 I mean , it is happy hour .
 You 're right . Now is not the time .
 Bartender , I 'll have a whiskey , neat , and for the lady , a sazerac , two spoons of honey .
 You know what ? Better cancel that .
 I actually have to run , but I 'll see you Monday .
 [ Shovel digging ]
 [ Bird calling ]
 Are you watching this , mother ?
 Nothing says , " I loathe you , " quite like desecrating a corpse .
 Elijah : Niklaus .
 [ Continues playing random notes ]
 You seem troubled .
 If I didn 't know better , I 'd say you were worried .
 What has she done to you ?
 1, 000 years of murder , mayhem , and mother believes she can still save our souls .
 [ Glissando ]
 She wants to talk .
 Perhaps we should listen .
 Enough ...
 Of the petty illusions , Esther .
 Where is Elijah ? Lenore :
 He 's preoccupied at the moment .
 I 'm helping him find his way , but not to worry .
 I 'll return him to you .
 All I ask is that you hear me out .
 You expect me to sit through a sermon of your lies ?
 I have lied in the past , to my shame , but I 'm going to tell you the truth .
 I 'm in the process of making Elijah into the man he was meant to be , and I intend to do the same for you .
 Lenore : This plantation , ruined by fire .
 How sad , not to mention symbolic .
 After all , you never intended to build a true home here .
 Even as Hayley carried your child , as Rebekah and Elijah sought to defend you , your thoughts were focused only on your conquest of the quarter .
 Tell me , how did that go ?
 I 'm sorry . Is this some sort of motherly critique ?
 Please feel free to choke on it .
 I mention your failures only to make a point , my dear .
 You 've endured several lifetimes of misery , never mind the suffering you 've caused others , even to your own blood .
 You yourself remain trapped in a perpetual state of despair .
 I have come to offer you a means to escape that cycle .
 And that 's about all the hypocrisy I can take .
 I suggest you give me my brother before I get angry .
 Such hatred .
 It breaks my heart to see you like this , the boy I loved .
 Your love was a curse , an affect you feigned .
 The truth is , you 're no better than Mikael , and like him , you seem to have crawled back from the grave simply to ruin your own children .
 Oh .
 You didn 't know . Yes .
 The destroyer has risen , brought back to kill me by the witch Davina .
 Surely Kol has revealed everything to you , or has mother 's loyal , little boot licker not quite so loyal , after all ?
 Marcel : I bet you want a new advisor right about now .
 Who is he , Marcel ? I mean , really .
 Long story short is ... Impossible .
 I checked the school 's website .
 Vincent Griffith has no other academic credentials , and , according to my uncle Kieran 's big book of New Orleans bloodlines ,
 Griffith is a family of witches .
 Oh , it 's worse that that .
 Your therapist has a 1, 000- year- old , dead vampire inside of him named Finn Mikaelson .
 My advisor is Klaus ' brother ?
 Oh , God , Marcel , he came into Rousseau 's today asking questions about Klaus and ordered my favorite drink
 like he 's been watching me .
 Why ?
 Probably to get the scoop on Klaus , maybe to use you as bait for a trap .
 I don 't know . It doesn 't matter .
 Either way , you 're done with that guy . No .
 I 'm just getting started .
 If Mikael has returned , we will need to deal with him .
 Ho ho ! We ? Is that a joke ?
 Am I to forego centuries of hatred for my evil mother in order to join her in besting the very demon she herself allowed to raise me ?
 I am not evil , Niklaus .
 I am your salvation , and Mikael , he was not always a demon .
 Lenore : Long ago , he loved his children with all his heart .
 He doted on your brother Finn , but it was our first- born Freya who was the apple of his eye .
 Do you really think that saccharine recollections of ancient history will have any effect on me at all ?
 What I think is that you have gone mad from centuries of hating your parents , but if you join me now ,
 I can grant you peace ...
 And should Mikael return with the intent to harm you ,
 I will strike him down myself .
 That 's quite an offer , but , you know ,
 I 've never needed any help when it comes to killing parents .
 You reject me out of hatred , but I have something stronger .
 I have the truth about your father ...
 Not Mikael , your real father .
 [ Arrows release ]
 Hayley : Is that your best shot ?
 You 're gonna have to do a lot better than that if you 're gonna kill a hybrid .
 Jackson : Stop .
 Jackson .
 Hayley .
 I see you met my friend Ansel .
 You know her ? Yeah .
 Actually , I do .
 She was supposed to be my wife .
 1, 000 years ago in a fit of rage , you wrapped your bare hands around my neck and squeezed until I died .
 Lenore :
 Do you even remember why ?
 Let 's see .
 You turned us all into monsters .
 You cursed me , denied me of my hybrid nature .
 You lied about my father .
 It 's that one above all .
 You killed me because I kept you from ever knowing your true father .
 My hatred for you runs so deep , it 's difficult to pinpoint its origin .
 Maybe I hate that I 'm the product of a whore 's lechery .
 Watch your mouth .
 You would do well to remember that you are still my son .
 You judge me evil , yet it was your lust that made me what I am .
 Not once have I ever regretted the love I had for your father , and you have never known the truth of how that love came to be or what happened in the months after Mikael and I lost your sister Freya to the plague .



 There are no words for the loss of a child , as you well know .
 After Francesca Guerrera took over the wolves , she offered me a moonlight ring as long as I 'd call her Alpha .
 I declined .
 So a couple of her brothers dragged me out here and left me for dead .
 By the time I healed up , work had spread about what happened to you and to your baby .
 So I knew it was over , and I just drifted , and that 's when I met Ansel .
 See , he 's been teaching me the old ways , the traditions , what it means to be a wolf .
 You mean , by living out in the ass end of nowhere ?
 Hey , easy .
 Your kind makes him ornery .
 My kind ?
 Jack , whatever you and your friend think of me , my kind is the wolves .
 Even if they did pledge allegiance to a witch , all that means is , they need an Alpha .
 All I need is one , too . Yeah .
 I heard about that .
 Thing is , Ollie betrayed me .
 He plotted with the Guerrera 's .
 He spilled his own people 's blood .
 He was trying to make up for that .
 It doesn 't matter . Witches have him .
 He 's dead , not that I care .
 You don 't want to be the Alpha , fine .
 I 'll save Ollie myself .
 You got a problem , old man ?
 I have no love of vampires , but I will not allow a wolf to be killed by witches .
 At least someone is interested .
 After Freya died , Mikael was inconsolable .
 Compelled by his grief , we were forced to pack our things and set across the seas .
 Eventually , his despair would drive us apart , and that 's when I saw him for the first time ...
 Your father .
 I 'd never seen a man like him , powerful yet wise but loved by his people , and ...
 Because Mikael had chosen to leave me alone in his grief , shunning me from his life ...
 I found myself drawn to another .
 Spare me the sordid details of my origin .
 I only speak the truth .
 Then tell me this , mother .
 Why did your adonis abandon his son ?
 Why did he allow me to be raised by a monster who hated me ?
 Why not claim me for himself , raise me among the wolves , or was he as ashamed of his bastard as you were ?
 No , no , no .
 He loved you .
 It was I who forbade it .
 I knew if Mikael had learned of my infidelity , he would 've destroyed us in his rage .
 I had no choice . Marcel :
 So , what , you 're gonna spy on a witch with a 1, 000 - year- old grudge match against Klaus ?
 Uh- uh .
 I 'm not gonna let you go anywhere near that guy .
 I can handle myself . Look .
 Ok . I get it .
 You 're mad at the guy , and you want to get even .
 It 's not about getting even , marcel .
 Look around .
 Everything in this room , this is my family 's legacy , and if I had just embraced it the first time around , I could 've uncovered
 Francesca Guerrera 's secret , and the wolves would never have taken over the quarter , and Klaus ' baby would still be alive .
 So don 't tell me not to get involved .
 [ Cell phone vibrates ]
 Hold that thought .
 Tell me you got your Alpha . He 's out of commission , but I got the next best thing . Hayley :

 I 'm assuming you have a plan to keep Finn occupied .
 Yeah . Yeah . I think I might have an idea .
 When I learned I was with child ,
 I went back to Mikael .
 I told him I was having his baby .
 He showed no joy , but neither did he suspect the truth .
 Lenore : When you were born , it renewed his spirits .
 We had Kol , Rebekah , Henrik .
 Because of you , we were a family again .
 Oh ...
 A family built on secrets and lies .
 Oh , you were my secret joy , and to protect your secret ,
 I denied you a life with your father , but what if I could make up for all that by curing you of this sickness that 's infected your soul ?
 Whereas I put Kol and Finn into the bodies of a witch , you I shall place into the body of a werewolf so you can live out your days as what you were always meant to be .

 What could possibly make you think
 I would agree to such a thing ?
 With mortality , you could start over .
 You could have a family of your own , happiness , and peace , all the things you 've long been denied .
 Enough !
 Tell me where Elijah is , or I will kill you in this body or any other you choose to jump into from now until bloody Armageddon .
 I had hoped there was some part of you that yearned for an end to your vicious ways , but if you are determined to perpetuate the cycles of violence to which you have become accustomed , well , then I 'll have to accommodate you .


 [ Distant wolves baying ]
 Uh !
 Lenore : Apologies for the headache .
 Were you dreaming ?
 I was remembering the day I found out who my real father was only hours after Mikael slaughtered him .
 My darkest hour .
 Had you yourself not killed me soon thereafter ,
 I doubt I ever would have recovered .
 You woke earlier than I expected .
 No matter . It is time .
 Time for what ?
 You said you wanted Elijah .
 He 's sleeping , chained to the wall of a tomb in Lafayette cemetery .
 I 've lifted the spell that hides him .
 You are free to take him home .
 Now his own mind will work out his choice for him .
 When he wakes , he will make his own decision .
 Every single thing I 've said to you tonight is the truth , Niklaus .
 Whether you choose to believe it is up to you .
 [ Music playing ]
 All good , not a werewolf in sight .
 I appreciate you being here .
 How 's blondie doing ?
 She 'll be fine .
 Just keep an eye out for wolves , all right ?
 All right . Cami :
 Thank you for coming .
 I feel bad about being so abrupt earlier .
 I 'm sorry . That was my fault .
 I was being unprofessional .
 My apologies .
 You 're sorry . I 'm sorry .
 Let 's call it even and have a drink .
 Ollie , Ollie , wake up .
 What the hell are you doing ? Who the hell is that ?
 We 're here to save your ass .
 Please tell me you know where Elijah is .
 They know we 're here .
 [ Barking ]
 Sorry . No time to be gentle .
 - Uh ! - Let 's go .
 Ooh , ha ha !
 So how would you diagnose my friend Klaus , if I may ask ?
 Well , he 's clearly depressive ,
 low self- esteem , paranoia , impulse control .
 Wouldn 't you agree ?
 A lot of it is beyond me , too much history I don 't know ,
 like all the stuff with his siblings .
 How do you manage it ?
 I beg your pardon ?
 In one of our first sessions , you mentioned that you don 't get along very well with your brothers .
 Do you stay in touch with them ?
 In a manner of speaking .
 Cami : And your parents , are they still around ?
 Am I prying ? I 'm totally prying .
 All this talk about my family when you so recently scolded me about boundaries .
 Just searching for coping methods , trying to learn from the master .
 Is that so ?
 You must be lost .
 Vampires caught in the quarter are to be killed on sight .
 Go .
 Run as fast as you can .
 Just leave me here . Go .
 To hell with that .
 If they want a fight , I 'll give them a fight . No .
 I came with you to save one of my own , not watch as you kill scores of them .
 Take your friend out the back .
 Move as fast as you can .
 I 'll hold them off here .
 Look . If I 've offended you , I 'm sorry .
 You haven 't offended me .
 It 's just , you seem on edge .
 Perhaps it 's this Klaus business .
 Is there something you haven 't shared with me ?
 [ Clears throat ]
 I guess I 'm just nervous around you .
 I mean , I keep badgering you with my dumb questions .
 Your questions are quite smart .
 They 're just personal , and your interest is unexpected .
 Maybe this is my passive- aggressive way of trying to change the subject from where I 'm afraid you 're headed .
 Which is ?
 I think you 're going to tell me to stop spending time with Klaus .
 Cami , you 're an intelligent woman .
 You 're articulate , poised .
 I think you can tell for yourself what 's best .
 Oh !
 You know , sometimes I ask myself why I let people like Klaus into my life .
 I have this destructive pattern .
 I 'm always drawn to the bad boys .
 Maybe deep down ,
 I feel like that 's what I deserve .
 Hey , Cami , I 'm an expert in unhealthy patterns .
 I 've broken some of my own , and I can help you do the same if you 'll let me .
 Aagh !
 Aargh !
 Run . Uh !
 Aagh !
 Agh ...
 Marcel :
 Ah ...
 Aiden : Come on out !
 We know you 're here .
 Why don 't you just let us go , and we can call it a day ?
 No .
 I don 't think so .
 Then we do this the hard way .
 Oliver : You idiots .
 You 're lining up to fight a hybrid ?
 For what , so you can kill me , all because some witch gave an order ?
 I know I ain 't innocent , but I never lost sight of what I was fighting for .
 We were gonna be a pack .
 But now ...
 We are turning on each other , killing your own people .
 We do that , we 're nothing .
 You .
 - Niklaus ... - No . No .
 - You 're not real . - Niklaus ... No !
 You 're a phantom conjured by Esther .
 That is all you are . Mother , stop this charade .
 I know that thing is not real .
 Look at me , Niklaus .
 I am flesh and blood ...
 Your flesh and blood .
 You 've been dead 1, 000 years .
 Through that time ,
 I lingered on the other side watching you let the world fall apart until I woke 4 moons past in a land of wolves like myself .
 No .
 No . No . You 're just in my head .
 You 're an illusion meant by my mother to sway me to accept her bargain .
 I do not speak for Esther .
 I know nothing of her bargains ...
 But you are my son .
 Even if what you say is real ...
 You are nothing to me .
 For all I care , you can crawl back to hell .
 You sure this is gonna work ?
 Klaus ' blood is the only cure for a wolf bite .
 Thing is , I 'm running low .
 So new rule ... Don 't get bit .
 I got bit saving your ass .
 Yeah , and you did good , too .
 I got to admit , though , when you took off ,
 I thought you were gone .
 All my life , when things got tough , that 's what I would do .
 I would run because I never fit in , anyway , but this place , what you 're building here , it fits .
 So I 'm in , no running , no matter what .
 And thanks for sticking it out .
 Yeah .
 [ Cell phone rings ]
 I got to take this .
 - [ Beep ] - You ok ?
 Cami , on phone : Yeah .
 To be honest , not the worst date I 've had in this city . Yeah .
 Seemed like you had him wrapped around your finger by the time I left .
 More than that .
 Vincent , Finn , whoever he is ,
 I think he likes me .
 I don 't know if I 'd call that good news .
 Don 't you get it ? I 'm his blind spot .
 If he 's distracted , he 's vulnerable , which means I can help take him down .
 Jackson : Well , you got him . Great .
 Where 's Ansel ?
 He was busy being a man . He should be right behind us .
 Jack , I have to tell you ...
 I already know , Ollie .
 You sold me out to Francesca .
 Look .
 I know that I can 't make up for that ...
 But you need to hear this .
 You 're the one .
 You 're the Alpha .
 Our people are not meant to be slaves .
 You can free them .
 [ Coughing ]
 Ollie ? Ollie ? What is wrong with him ?
 It 's the witches .
 Ollie ?
 They said he only had until midnight .
 Stay with me .
 [ Coughing ]
 Jack ...
 [ Coughing ]
 Oh ...
 Wake up , brother .
 Elijah ...
 Lenore :
 He won 't wake , not yet , which gives you and I one last chance to discuss my offer .
 You promised me Elijah 's safe return ...
 Or was that a lie just like that ghoulish atrocity outside claiming to be my father back from the dead ?
 Your father 's return is real .
 I pulled him from the other side before it collapsed ,
 left him in the bayou to join the wolves , and I used the execution of one of his own to draw him here , where I knew he 'd find you .
 To what end besides my torment ?
 I brought him here to be the father you never had , to teach you to become the man you always longed to be .
 Once you are remade as a werewolf , you can join him .
 [ Music playing ]
 His return changes nothing .
 It changes everything .
 It is my gift to you , Niklaus .
 This offer is your last chance at salvation .
 Reject me now , and you will live out your endless days unloved and alone .
 Do not refuse me out of some ancient spite .
 Not spite , hatred , a pure and perfect hatred that 's greater now than the day
 I first took your life .
 Why ?
 After all I 've done to explain to you , why must you persist ...
 Because you came for my child , my daughter , your own blood !
 You don 't understand .
 My child !
 Niklaus , I had to ...
 You declared war when you came after my family , and for that ,
 I will make you suffer as only I can .
 After all , I am my mother 's son .
 Esther : Please do not do this .
 You wanted a family .
 Fate said otherwise , and so you came to me , and for a price , I granted your wish .
 Now I must collect .
 When Mikael returns from his journey , I swear ...
 You will tell him Freya grew ill and died .
 No , Dahlia .
 You were forced to burn her body to stop the spread of plague .
 Sister , please , I cannot give up my child .
 You 've already offered me more than just this one child .
 Our bargain was for this firstborn and every firstborn of each generation that is to come for as long as your line shall last .
 You do this , if you take my daughter ,
 I swear to you , I will return to the black arts , and I will grow in power as a witch , and I will make you pay !
 Your power is nothing against mine .
 Foolish girl , you knew the bargain you made , and should you defy me , then I will take all your children , including little Finn , even unborn Elijah .

 No .
 Dahlia ...
 - Mommy ... - Freya . Wait !
 Mama !
 Help ! Mama !
 Mama ? What happened ?
 Niklaus ... Refused my offer .
 Lenore : He 's still burdened with hatred for me ...
 For what happened to his child .
 He 's a fool .
 Your action saved this family .
 If that child had lived ...
 Dahlia would return ...
 And she would come for us all .
 Synced and corrected by oykubuyuk www . addic7ed . com
