










0 0 : 0 2 : 1 8 , 9 7 2 - -&gt; 0 0 : 0 2 : 2 2 , 8 9 2 ‎ NETFLIX Originals‎ Okay


‎ Can I speak?
‎ That . . . then I said
‎ I seem to know why I was invited here
‎ Then let me start
‎ Please remember that no matter what my holiday with Mr. Vargar
‎ I hope everyone will stop caring about it. The most important thing is‎ I did fish you out of the police station.
‎ You were only detained for less than a day
‎ I admit the process was a bit tortuous
‎ But the road to justice is often not smooth sailing
‎ So I hope everyone can speak with facts
‎ You dealt with my cousin Touk
‎ Tucker?
‎ Yes of course
‎ You two really look alike‎ Your cousin impresses me
‎ He was broad-minded and . . . ‎ he had a great passion for justice
‎ He 's hot-tempered, right? ‎ I didn 't notice
‎ How is your lovely grandma?

‎ Tucker told me about you
‎ He said you were very eloquent
‎ yes
‎ Those who chased her home to blackmail her . . .
‎ What do they call her?
‎ slut
‎ slut pair
‎ That 's right‎ Actually, based on what I know about Tooke

‎He 'll strip them alive‎ and let the vultures peck their eyeballs
‎ but you showed up
‎ You got him to let them go with your three inch tongue . . .
‎ So I and Inacio . . .
‎ We want to do something with you

‎ Is it?
‎ Legal trouble for us‎ Law. . . Legal trouble?
‎ ok yummy i too . . .
‎ I thought I 'd be forced to ‎ swallow a condom full of heroin

‎ no
‎ Maybe later

‎ One of our men was taken to the Metropolitan Detention Center‎ Two days ago
‎ - Why were you arrested? ‎ - Well, I 'll tell you this later
‎ We need this friend to tell the police something
‎ something very important
‎ Very important thing to know
‎ We want him to say exactly what we asked
‎ No more than one word, no more than a single word, but don 't let the police know‎ We told him to say that
‎ So we send you in and you tell him what to do
‎ Those people have no right to monitor you
‎ Attorney and Client Confidentiality
‎Well he 's right‎ I 'm so flattered


‎ But can I give you a piece of advice?
‎ listen, I promise, there are five phones like this in the Metropolitan Detention Center.
‎ Sneak your phone into someone 's prison wallet‎ if you know what I mean
‎ In short, you can talk directly to your own people, eliminating the need for intermediate links
‎ But it 's better if you go to see him‎ You 're the perfect candidate

‎ You said . . . really. . .
‎ Brilliant is a word that fits here

‎ But out of good intentions I think I need to
‎ So this approach will be expensive
‎ How expensive is it? ‎ Very expensive. . .
‎ - I mean . . . ‎ - yeah?
‎ yes
‎ God I gotta catch up all day
‎ There are also preparations, transportation and expedited fees

‎ let me count
‎ about seven thousand eight hundred . . . nine hundred
‎ $7 9 2 5
‎ Yes‎ Yes‎ $7 9 25?

‎ This is the market price so. . .
‎ no problem


‎ I 'll just give you $8,000 to make it easier for you to count
‎ all right

‎ have another drink
‎ I 'm not good Mike‎ Why don 't you drink here tonight?
‎ I 'll call a taxi for you


‎ Put the key at the cashier and pour me a glass

‎ - hey‎ - what 's wrong?
‎ See that photo?
‎ Don 't you want to help me?

‎ take it off
‎ What?
‎ Right there, count the third from the bottom up
‎ It 's hard to say Mike
‎ This is all from the customer
‎ It 's a tradition in the shop
‎ take it off
‎ Sorry Mike
‎ take it off
‎ you drink too much
‎ take it off for me now


‎ please




‎ God, you all know that 's my sister
‎ hey she 's so hot seriously
‎ I just wanted to say hi to her
‎ look at this person

‎ Okay let 's tease him

‎ Hey grandpa, where are you going?
‎ Hey can you lend me $20?
‎ Don 't be afraid
‎ I won 't bite

‎ Asshole I have more than 20 bucks

‎ - Hey, grandpa, you 're not too small. ‎ - You just let that bald white old man talk to you like that?
‎ wait a minute grandpa





‎ Anything else?


‎ hey
‎ hey


‎ Are you done drinking?
‎ The last bite
‎ thank you



‎ Is everything okay?
‎ yes
‎ Actually I 'm celebrating
‎ What to celebrate? ‎ I just found out that I will be a pro bono case all day tomorrow

‎ No need to work for Mesa Verde‎ Okay

‎ - Respect for justice‎ - Hmm


‎ How about you?
‎ That . . .

‎ I met . . .
‎ some interesting people
‎ went through some . . . ‎ ups and downs
‎ But you know what? ‎ Financially speaking‎ Saul Goodman just had the best day ever




‎ This is good news for Saul

‎ I 'm off to prepare for tomorrow 's case ‎ so I can take them slut



‎ Numifer is not for everyone‎ Call your doctor if you . . .
‎ sorry
‎ What are you doing?
‎ I have to take it apart and clean it up




‎ hey
‎ hey give me the remote
‎ give me
‎ you play this




‎ Have you ordered a meal?
‎ Who?
‎ Inacio?
‎ What?
‎ I want to see Inacio
‎ Who are you?
‎ his father


‎ Is everything okay?
‎ Well of course‎ Can I come in?

‎ Can you?
‎ can

‎ hello
‎ Amber this is my father
‎ Nice to meet you‎ Well me too

‎ I 'm sorry




‎ What do you drink?
‎ Would you like coffee?
‎ no
‎ This house is so big
‎ Still a new house
‎ How are you, dad?
‎ Gutierrez wants to take over my store
‎ Is it?
‎ don 't tell me
‎ Does he want to turn it into another tire shop?
‎ no
‎ He wants to stay the same
‎ But . . .
‎ His bid was too high ‎ to even buy the land
‎ What are you going to do?
‎ I kept thinking I was keeping that store for you
‎ Every day you plan to
‎ Do you have to work 11 hours?
‎ What do you think?
‎ Sounds like a good deal
‎ This may be . . .
‎ is your chance to retire
‎ That 's what you mean, right?
‎ I don 't know what you 're talking about
‎ You let Gutierrez sell my shop
‎ Then you secretly give him the money
‎ Daddy is not
‎ no
‎ you want me out of here
‎ You want to run away
‎You want me to run away too‎ Deny it
‎ Tell me I 'm overthinking
‎ look into my eyes
‎ I told you what to do
‎ give up drug trafficking
‎ Surrender to the police station
‎ take the corresponding consequences
‎ If you want to run, run
‎ But what about me?
‎ I will never run away
‎ Nice to meet a young lady

‎ (Judge Margaret Matloff)
‎ - Something 's going on at Kintucum Kari‎ - Not now Stef
‎ - I don 't want to bother you either but . . . ‎ - Didn 't I let you guys deal with it?
‎ - True but . . . ‎ - Stef really can 't do it right now?




‎ okay
‎ okay
‎ Miss Wexler‎ I read your motion to dismiss the indictment
‎ and the state government 's one-page response
‎ Although your reasons are very good, I will deny the motion
‎ Your Honor, I would like to remind you ‎ This is just a domestic dispute‎ - My client . . . ‎ - Okay I have to interrupt you
‎ This is not your client and the victim‎ The first conflict shows that this is her behavior pattern
‎ So I still agree with the state government ‎ This case should go to trial
‎ - Your Honor . . . ‎ - Jury Selection Begins June 16
‎ We 're sorry that the results did not meet our expectations
‎ We knew when we went in ‎ There is very little chance that the judge will dismiss the case
‎ The judge looks angry
‎ Well she sometimes does that ‎ but she 's a very fair person
‎ This way the prosecution will come to us with a more realistic ‎ plea agreement
‎ but if we are not happy with their terms‎ I think we will win in court
‎ What does this mean?
‎ We 'll have a chance to explain what happened‎ In front of a jury of ordinary people‎ Listening to your good intentions‎ I 'm sure they 'll understand
‎ You have to have confidence, okay?
‎ - ok‎ - sorry I 'll go back
‎ Hey Richie
‎ I don 't get it, I thought‎ you were already on your way to Tucumcari
‎ - Rich . . . ‎ - I just got off the phone with Kevin Washerville
‎ He wants you to come over and deal with the problem in person
‎ I 'm so flattered but my clients need me
‎ I have to be in court all day
‎ all I can tell you is that he called twice in 40 minutes
‎ I assure you nothing will happen in Tucumcari
‎ Those paralegals are perfectly capable of solving
‎ Explain to me‎ You are not appearing in court for murder, are you?
‎ Ricky Kevin loves to make a fuss
‎ Don 't get me wrong‎ I respect your enthusiasm for public welfare cases
‎ But Mesa Verde is our bread and butter
‎ Are you okay with this?
‎ Of course not
‎ I went through your situation too
‎ It 's worth it to have a home, right?

‎ Verla has briefed Stef and Gary on the circumstances of the case
‎ They will take over your case in the afternoon‎ and apply for a deferral if necessary
‎ So you go there right now
‎ Okay, I 'll go over here




‎ Who are you?
‎ Thank you, officer, we 'll let you know when we 're done talking

‎ Sit
‎ Who are you?

‎ I am your new lawyer
‎ - I didn 't say I was looking for a lawyer‎ - Yes you didn 't say I was looking for a lawyer
‎ But Lalo helped you find it
‎ I didn 't say a word to anyone‎ My mouth was tight
‎ I know don 't worry about kids
‎ I 'm here to help you
‎ Well, we still have a lot to talk about
‎ How is your memory?




‎ ( New Mexico State Government )
‎ I 'm sorry
‎ (Hank Schreider DOJ)
‎ Hey Mirna, how 's that kid?
‎ - He 's okay Hank ‎ - What is he?
‎ - Xiao Shou‎ - Xiao Shou
‎ - Hey Steve‎ - You look good Mirna


‎ I ask you something
‎ Will Blanca throw away food on its expiration date?
‎ For example
‎ everything like milk, ketchup, and soy sauce‎ As soon as the clock strikes midnight‎ Mary will hand me a bag full of food‎ for me to throw in the trash
‎ In fact, many things are not broken at all
‎ What 's going on?
‎ Food banks do not accept expired food
‎Thank you for saying that Ann Landers‎ I once found a jar of vanilla frosting that had been in it for a long time and ate it I 'm still alive


‎ What are you?
‎ hey we were just talking about expired food‎ I thought these two things were related


‎ Let 's try that gay




‎ Okay
‎ Domingo Molina
‎ Arrested for possession of 14 grams of low-quality drugs‎ This weight counts as drug trafficking
‎ Not a word for the first two nights after coming in
‎ Now I suddenly wake up and want to explain. Okay

‎ Surprise me‎ Make my little eyes round and radiate joy
‎ What if I knew somewhere else there 's half a million dollars in drug money?
‎ What if? ‎ What if?
‎ If what you say is true it 's good for you
‎ My partner was right‎ This kind of information produces good results

‎ tell me the details
‎ Where does the drug come from and where does the drug money go?
‎ Your boss 's name and who your upline is
‎ Just start with these
‎ Okay‎ Drug dealers pay their heads up regularly, right?

‎ but they don 't give it directly to the person above‎, they put the money in a different location
‎ - Secret waypoint? ‎ - yes
‎ Sounds like a huge organization
‎ Hey! Hey
‎ Don 't say anything‎ Are you talking to them?
‎ Talk to my client in the absence of your lawyer?

‎ Are you?
‎ Saul Goodman I 'm Mr. Molina 's attorney
‎ You violated his constitutional rights
‎ Thor everything is good mate
‎ - isn 't it? Please is this really your name? ‎ - Listen to the officer . . .
‎ Are Agents ‎ Are you from the DEA?
‎ I get it, alright federal agent
‎ Why isn 't Quantico now teaching agents the constitution?

‎ Well Quantico is from the FBI
‎ I don 't care‎ The DEA, the FBI, or the Department of Health
‎ You two gentlemen should leave the door over there
‎ - Let 's go‎ - Your client waived his right to a lawyer
‎ He certainly didn 't
‎ - Yes I gave up‎ - Shut up, okay? no one is talking to you
‎ - He wanted to talk to us ‎ - He . . . has something wrong with his brain?
‎ - He broke his brain when he was a kid‎ - I really meant to say
‎ - No you don 't want to! ‎ - no i think
‎ Sounds like he does want to say
‎ Can you . . . wait a moment. . . wait a moment‎ come over. . . come over here
‎ come over



‎ You know . . . we just talked about this, okay?
‎ You can 't speak . . .

‎ I am doing my duty as a lawyer
‎ That is, to stop you from finding your own way!
‎ - I 'm going to say it anyway‎ - You 're a pain in the ass mate

‎ well listen
‎ My client is making a very serious mistake in my opinion
‎ And he has no confidence in his lawyers ‎ It 's heartbreaking
‎ To be honest, I feel really sad
‎ But he insists, let 's talk
‎ Actually
‎ we 're not interested at all‎ I feel like I 'm being made a joke‎ and it 's not a good joke if you know what I mean
‎ - not at all 500,000 never ever ‎ - Exactly
‎ - wait a minute‎ - I 'm going to eat a popsicle . . .
‎ - wait a minute‎ - have a nice afternoon
‎ - You two wait a second ‎ - Hey bye bye
‎ - we 're done ‎ - two


‎ Might as well depend on the situation?







‎ Depends on the situation?
‎ Depends on what?
‎ As a result‎ Mr. Monlina continues to be detained
‎ Meanwhile you go to verify‎ the specific and limited information he provided
‎ What if the clues he provides don 't work?
‎ Then he 's still here‎ I mean we 're back to square one
‎ - but if his clues are useful . . . ‎ - arrest
‎ What?
‎ If his clues get us anywhere



‎ okay
‎ If his clues lead you to arrest, then you drop the charges against him
‎ okay? How can you refuse? ‎ Both outcomes have nothing to lose for you



‎ Let 's chat again‎ Good
‎ Okay Domingo
‎ Say it
‎ Say it
‎ I just said ‎ Drug dealers will regularly pay drug money to it
‎ I don 't know who will pick it up
‎ I only know that every Thursday night‎ there are three secret waypoints . . .
‎ - wait a minute‎ - what . . . what happened? ‎ I 've seen this kind of thing before, okay?
‎ My client gives you clues‎ You suck him dry like a sponge‎ When you 're done, leave him alone
‎ If anyone knew it was him, he would have bled to death at his mother 's house

‎ - what? ‎ - No this kind of thing doesn 't happen, okay?
‎ Do you understand what I mean? ‎ My client cannot be a living target after going out





‎ Well we 'll cover him
‎ Assuming it 's not an insult
‎Everyone thinks he can go out‎ because his lawyer is a genius
‎ Ok and he. . . ‎ he 's not everyone 's informant, okay?
‎ Don 't play him like a ball‎ He 's just your informant
‎ So if he gets caught he calls me first ‎ and I call you to fix it
‎ Do not ask any questions
‎ okay
‎ But it depends on the situation
‎ - of course‎ - and he better deserves it

‎ yes
‎ okay
‎ I just said there are three secret waypoints
‎ The first is under a bridge on Chavez Road ‎ overlooking Hillsdale Road
‎ The second one is by Walzun Road ‎ In a train shed in an empty railway yard there . . .

‎ (Tucumcari Call Center‎ Mesa Verde Bank &amp; Trust)
‎ thank goodness
‎ Is he home?
‎ It seems that he never leaves the house
‎ - Remind you that he is not a good man‎ - Got it




‎ Mr. Acker I know you 're home!
‎ I 'm Kim Wexler and I 'd love to chat with you!

‎ Hi Mr Aker
‎ Thank you for being willing to talk to me
‎ There must be a misunderstanding
‎ If we get it right, it 's in everyone 's best interest
‎ - Can I go in? ‎ - you just stand here and don 't move





‎ okay
‎ As far as I know you and your family‎ Lived here since 1974
‎ You built this nice house‎ but you didn 't actually buy the land under it
‎ This land is leased to you by a local company‎ Deerview Real Estate Investment Company‎ The lease term is 100 years
‎ There are still seventy years left‎ Yes but I know‎ It may be hard for you to understand that
‎ But your lease states that the real estate owner can buy out the land at any time
‎ Add $5 000 to fair market value
‎ I know $5000 is definitely worth a lot less than it was in 1974 and . . . ‎ we do understand . . . ‎ how inconvenient it would be for you
‎ So out of kindness
‎Mesa Verde just increased the buyout to $18,000‎ $18,000? ‎ That 's right
‎ But no one ever told me that
‎ $1 8 0 00 is a lot of money
‎ With this money I can definitely‎ buy a spacious old house with a swimming pool
‎ - Mr. Acker we know it 's not enough . . . ‎ - Can you do me a favor?
‎ I just spread my legs apart
‎ Why don 't you kick me hard in the crotch‎ to end this?
‎ not necessary
‎ You are all conscienceless misers of the same kind
‎ Please Mr. Aker‎ Can we talk in a civilized way? ‎ The land is mine under adverse encroachment
‎ If you say that in court, the judge will reject it
‎ Yes but no one can change my mind‎ So they sent you
‎ You are the killer‎ The killer with the ponytail
‎ you are like them
‎ Come here in a fancy suit
‎ in a shiny black German car‎ with your escort
‎ You think you can treat me like a fool? ‎ No‎ Absolutely not!
‎ That big bank wants to build a call center here
‎ So. . .
‎ You just drive away the people who live here‎ and displace them
‎ But I will never compromise darling! ‎ Okay, looks like you 've made up your mind
‎ - Goodbye‎ - I know who you are
‎ You are that kind of person‎ Donate a few dollars to charity every month
‎ to make amends for one 's own evil deeds
‎ You go to the soup kitchen on Thanksgiving every year
‎ it makes you feel more at ease‎ and makes you feel like the kindest kind of rich man
‎ I really don 't know how you can sleep well at night

‎ listen up
‎ You have no right to make rules
‎ Just be mature and face the reality‎ No one treats you badly
‎ We have always compromised with you
‎ But we won 't back down
‎ $18000? ‎ Guess what 's impossible‎ Tomorrow if you can figure it out, you 'll get $1 0 0 0 0
‎ Do you know what will happen if you don 't accept it? ‎ The sheriff will come and drive you away
‎ then you get nothing
‎ What are you doing for seven months? And your neighbors
‎ Each of them followed the rules?
‎ Do you . . . do you feel special?
‎ The contract is not signed in vain‎ It has legal force and we can enforce it‎ Accept it

‎ - You were amazing just now‎ - I didn 't solve any problems
‎ You close the question that 's all we need






‎ Did you hear that?
‎ I changed the carburetor‎ and it runs like a racehorse now dude
‎ - This car is nice and pleasing to the eye‎ - is it? what car do you drive? ‎ self-esteem

‎ What?
‎ Suzuki self-respect is an imported car

‎ - how? ‎ - Everything is going according to your plan
‎ Assuming those secret waypoints exist‎, federal agents will be watching them
‎ - Federal agents? ‎ - To the DEA man
‎ have a pair of partners who are very serious about it
‎ like a lion when it 's feeding time
‎ And their goal is to arrest people
‎ okay
‎ and also . . .
‎ The person under you is now a confidential informant
‎ - What does it mean to be a whistleblower? ‎ - No he 's not a whistleblower no
‎ I mean even if he 's a whistleblower‎ it 's for your sake so . . .
‎Let 's put it this way‎ You can now call the DEA hotline‎ and not just anytime now
‎ That 's a good thing, right?
‎ But the problem is that at some point‎ you might hear that Domingo was a whistleblower
‎ But you . . . you gotta know he 's not

‎ What do you care about doing?
‎ Forgive me, although you pay the attorney fees, but he is my client‎ I hope he lives
‎ This guy is awesome, that 's a good idea
‎ One more thing
‎ You 'll have to find another lawyer for anything in the future
‎ because I 'm very busy
‎ you will make time




‎ Who am I framing?
‎ You still don 't know as well
‎ If the time comes, I don 't want to get burned
‎ It doesn 't matter what you want
‎ On the pirate ship. . . ‎ Don 't even think about it





‎ What about Martinez 's case?
‎ postponed
‎ Well what about Devin Put?
‎ - The judge looked at your motion and dismissed it ‎ - Okay
‎ Russo 's case also delayed
‎ - His hearing is Thursday morning? ‎ - Put Verla in your schedule
‎ Good. What about Ingram?
‎ He didn 't go to court
‎ Have you called all three numbers?
‎ I only hit the first one
‎ You have to play all three ‎ The one at the bottom is his aunt 's
‎ - She generally knows where he is‎ - sorry
‎ - I applied for a deferral‎ - it doesn 't matter
‎ call his aunt to make sure he 's all right‎ ask how I can get in touch with him before the hearing
‎ If she doesn 't know‎ call 2nd Street Rescue Shelter
‎ That 's his back-up
‎ good

‎ - Well you did a great job Stef‎ - Thank you Kim‎ - Be careful on the road‎ - Well have a good evening










‎ Mr. Acker?
‎ It 's Me Again Kim Wexler
‎ I really want to talk to you again



‎ Mr. Acker?

‎ Mr. Acker?
‎ I 'm sorry I . . . I came into your house
‎ I really want to talk to you



‎ hello
‎ Can we talk again?
‎ - If you have anything to say, just say it ‎ - I went to a real estate company
‎ Pick a few houses you might like
‎ In your price range, there are several very good options


‎ The house covers an area of ​​about 2,000 square meters
‎ This house is old but has a good view
‎ And the neighborhood is very good
‎ I know moving is a big deal‎ If you don 't mind I 'm willing to help you
‎ I can rest any day this week‎ I can help you move out of my own pocket
‎ The house has three bedrooms

‎ I know you don 't want to move‎, but you can buy any of these houses
‎ You can not only buy a house‎ but also the land on which the house sits and is permanent


‎ You 're right and I can 't pretend‎ I understand how you feel
‎ I have never owned a house
‎ Neither did my family
‎ We have almost no assets
‎ When I was a kid my mother would wake me up in the middle of the night
‎ Yelling for me to run
‎ She is always one step ahead of the landlord
‎ I would throw my stuff in a cardboard box and run out barefoot in my pajamas
‎ Sometimes. . . ‎ It 's too cold outside. . .
‎ My feet . . . my toes will freeze blue
‎ If we had our own house‎ I would never want to move
‎ In order to achieve your goals . . .
‎ You can really make up anything, right?

‎ When did it happen?
‎ today
‎ Do you know what those two agents were called?
‎ Lawyers know
‎ What are you doing?

‎ Close the teleporter‎ Put away the phone

‎ You want federal agents to take the money?

‎ If those secret waypoints don 't have money . . .
‎ Lalo will know that someone has leaked


‎ Keep those secret waypoints for now

