0 0 : 0 0 : 0 2 , 4 7 0 - - &gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 0 5 , 4 1 0 You look at him and my heart breaks Lookathim .
B reaksmyheart . Poor little guy alone P oorlittleguy , allalone .
Why can 't his brother sit with him I don 'tseewhyhisbrothercan 'tsitwithhim.
Please Mary Comeon , Mary .
When you were in high school, when you were in high school, would you have lunch with a 9 year old kid?
Of course I would Yes , I would  ' ve .
Then there must be something wrong with you Well , there  ' ssomethingwrongwithyo u .
I am going to accompany him I  ' mgonnakeephimcompany .
Don 't say no to Mary Mary Hey , hey , hey , Mary .
M a r y .
You have to figure it out now everyone just ignores him Thinkthisthrough .
R i g h t   n o w   t h e   k i d s   a r e   j u s t   i g n o r i n g   S h e l d o n .
What if he finds out that he needs his mother for lunch again Whathappensifhe  ' ssittingwithhismommy ?
They might think I 'm a senior in high school. Theycouldmistakemefora senior.
I look younger than you Well, I lookyoungerthanyou.
Just wait and see how it gets better Justgivethistime , allright ?
The boat goes straight to the bridge head naturally. I t  'll work itself out .
My mother never understood M ymotherneverunderstoo d I actually enjoy being alone that I actuallyenjoyedbeinga lone .
Being alone allows me to think about bigger things
For example when you approach the event horizon liketheeffectofgravitationalforces asyouapproachaneventhorizon, not asopposedtolessimport antthings,
Like how many grapes can my brother put in his mouth at a time likehowmanygrapesmybr othercanfitinhismouth .
1 4 1 4 !
That 's awesome Yeah!
The philosopher Jean-Paul Sartre said Jean-Paul Sartresaid,
' Others are Hell ' ' H ellisotherpeople . '
It 's funny because it 's trueT hat  ' shumorousbecauseit  ' strue . ♪ No one in the world is stronger than me♪ ♪ No bodyelseisstrongerth an I am ♪ ♪ Yesterday I moved a mountain♪ ♪ Y esterday I movedamount ♪
♪ I believe I can be your hero♪ ♪ I bet I couldbeyourhero ♪
♪ I 'm an amazing little guy ♪ ♪ I amamightylittleman ♪
♪ I 'm an amazing little guy ♪ ♪ I amamightylittleman ♪
juvenile
Shelton
What 's wrong with Something wrong ?
Why is Sheldon 's math so good and my math so bad? HowcomemathiseasyforSheldonandhardforme?
I don 't know either ah dear I don  ' tknow , honey , but you also have your talent but you have your own gift s .
Like what?
For example . . .
W e l l ,   l i k e . . .
you have beautiful long hair . . . youhaveveryprettyhair .
Indeed True .
George Georgie Jr.
Could you please do me a little favor W ouldyoudomealittletin yfavor ?
What 's Likewhat ?
Can you sit down with your brother for Tomorrowatlunch tomorrow at lunchtime, wouldyoumindsittingwi thyourbrother?
Never D on  ' tdoit , G eorgie .
You stay out of this .
I ate with him when I was in second grade I atewithhiminsecondgra de .
I really hurt my popularity at school, I really hurt my social life .
I 'm sorry Mom can 't help S orry , Mom .
C a n ' t   d o   i t .
Why are you so skinny W hyareyousuchabrat ?
Maybe I crave for love. Maybe I  ' mcryingforattention .
Don 't make trouble about this little girl. T hisisn  ' tajoke , younglady .
Yes your brother is very smart Yes , yourbrothermaybesmart , but he doesn 't have a friend in this world buthedoesn  ' thhaveafriendintheworl d .
Sorry but I am really worried about him A nd I amsorry , but I amveryworriedabouthim .
Not bad, you made your mother go crazy. N icegoing .
Y o u ' r e   m a k i n g   M o m   a   n e r v o u s   w r e c k .   我 干 嘛 了   W h a t   d i d   I   d o ?
you don 't have friends she 's in a hurry Youdon  ' thaveanyfriends , andsheisbesideherself .
But I don 't mind having no friends. But I  ' mfinewithoutfriends .
I don 't know what to say to you Sheldon I don  ' tknowwhattotellyou , S heldon .
But she thinks it 's your problem S hesaidit  ' syourfault .
I 'm going to watch the drama I 'mgoingtowatch ALF.
Sciencefact Sciencefact: Sisters are the worst sistersaretheworst.
When you 're threefoottenandinhi ghschool when you 're only 90cm tall, getting from point 'A' to point 'B' can be a life-threatening experience canbeaharrowingexperience.
But if the 'B' point is . . .
Butit  ' sworthitwhenpoint ' B ' is . . . the library is worth it. . . thelibrary . The origin of the information superhighway,
The Dewey Decimal Classification of Books the Dewey Decimal System. Invented by American library expert Melville Dewey and had a considerable impact on the world library taxonomy
Hello Sheldon Heythere , S heldon .
What book would you like to read today Whatcan I getforyoutoday ? Chemistry Chemistry ?
Quantum mechanical astronomy Quantummechanics ?
A s t r o n o m y ?
No today do not read interesting books No , nothing funtoday .
I want to learn how to make friends I need to learn howtomakea friend .
Are you having trouble adjusting to high school life, honey, youhavingahardtimeadj ustingtohighschool?
I 'm having trouble adapting to life on Earth I 'mhavingahardtimeadjus tingto Earth.
Yeah, we have the same disease. Yeah. Youandmeboth.


Try this Trythis.
This book is a little old but still quite popular I t  ' sbeenaroundawhile , butit  ' sstillquitepopular .
Unlike me U nlikeme ,
just plain old who  ' sjustbeenaroundawhile .
'How to Win Friendship and Influence People' 'How to Win in Friends and Influence P eople.' One of the world 's best-selling inspirational books by Dale Carnegie in 1936 This might be useful T hismightdoit .
Principle one Principle one .
' D on  ' tcriticize , condemnorcomplain .'
Here are my three sharpest arrows inmyquiver.
I also started the biggest challenge of my childhood, Thusbeganthegreatestch allengeofmyyounglife.
Hello George Hello , George . What 's the matter What ?
I admire your thick hair I doadmireyourthickhead ofhair . . .
George . Thank you T hanks .

What is this doing What  ' sgoingon ?
I 'm practicing applying the principles taught in this book Well, I 'mpracticing theprincip lesinthisbook.
- Why- I know Mom is worried- Why ? - Well , I know M omisconcerned
I have no friends by my side that I don  ' thaveanyfriends ,
So I made up my mind to solve this problem so I 'mdeterminedtormedyth esituation.George .
That 's good Well , goodforyou .
Do you feel complimented when I call your name like that, George D oyoufeelcomplimentedw hen I sayyourname , George ?
The book says you will feel this way George Thebook says you should . George .
Probably I suppose .
But you are a little too hard K indofoverdoingitalitt le .
- Sheldon - Thank you for your criticism - S heldon . - Well , thankyouforyourcritic ism .
The book also says I should applaud you for any progress I talsosays I shouldpraiseanyimprov ementsthatyou  ' vemade .
Well Okay.
I thought about telling you I 'll getbacktoyou.
George George .
Immediately after this wildly successful test Ontheheelsofthatsucces sfulbetatest ,
I decided to practice the Carnegieprinciplesonso meonemyownage to my peers.
- Hello Billy Sparks - Hello Sheldon - Hello , Billy Sparks .
- Hey , S heldon . I really want to know more about you I amgenuinely interested in you
Also want to encourage you to talk more about yourself andwouldliketoencoura geyoutotalkaboutyours elf .
Billy Sparks Billy S parks .
Thank you Thankyou .

Now it 's your turn to say Youhavethefloor .
Thank you Thankyou .

Looking back now, I should have looked back, I would  'vehadbetterluck to make friends with thechickens. Go Wolves.
What What? You 're a cheerleader when I say You  ' reacheerleader , andbysaying
'Come on Wolves' I started a 'G o Wolves , ' I  ' minitiatingaconversation
You would be interested in talking about somethingthatint erestsyou. Are you a child in 'special education' Oh, areyouoneofthosespeci aledkids?
My mom said I was special M ymomsays I  ' mspecial .
Would you like to be friends with meW ouldyouliketobefriend s ?
No interest I don  ' tthinkso . Are you sure that if I tell you A reyousure ?
W h a t   i f   I   t o l d   y o u
I admire your boldly colored makeup I admiredyourboldly - appliedmakeup ?

Greetingsfromstallnumb erone. Greetingsfromstallnumb erone.
Although I really hate your peculiar smelling 'smoke' A smuchas I detestthatodd - smellingcigarette ,
But I applaud your courage to break the rules I doapplaudyourrule - breakingbravado .
My name is Sheldon what is your name Mynameis S heldon .
W h a t ' s   y o u r s ?
Hello, gentlemen.
Did you watch any sports last weekend? Didyouwatchanysportsprogramsovertheweekend?
Or have you kissed the girls? Orperhapsdidsomekissin gwithgirls ?

Can you hear me Canyouhearme ? 9 5 9 6 9 7 9 5 , 9 6 , 9 7 .
9 8   9 8 .
9 9   1 0 0   9 9 ,   1 0 0 .
You missed 1 1 numbers in your middle number.
I don 't need to be so good at maths people have hair I don  ' tneedtobegoodatmath .
I   h a v e   b e a u t i f u l   h a i r .
This is the saddest thing I 've ever heard in my life T hat  ' sthesaddestthing I  ' veeverheard .
Didn 't you finish reading that book Didn  ' tyoualreadyreadthatbo ok ?
I 'm rereading I 'mreadingitagain.
Why Howcome ? I must have missed something I clearly missed something .
I couldn 't find anyone who would like to be my friend I couldn  ' tfindonepersonwhowant edtobemyfriend .
Did you look at the library card inside Didyoulookatthecardinside ?
why ?
Only the names of other people who have borrowed the book are on the card T hat  ' sjustotherpeoplewhoch eckedout thebook .
Here 's a list of other crap who can 't find friends like you I t ' salistoflosers like you whocan  ' tfindafriend .
So what about S o ?
They seek friends and you have the listS othey  ' redesperate , and you have their names .
Too smart T hat  ' sbrilliant .
Then why can 't you count Now , howisitthatyoucan  ' tcount ?

Your dad told me you recently read a new book, S oyourfathertellsmeyou  ' vebeenreadinganewbook ?
Yeah it 's teaching you how to make friends I am .
I t  'sabouthowtomakefriend s . Are you interested in this thing I sthatsomethingyou  ' reinterestedin ?
No interest but Mishy told me Notreally , but M issytoldme
I don 't have friends you 're sad it makes yousad that I don  ' thaveany .
I gotta go and sew this girl 's mouth up I gottosewthatgirl  ' smouthshut . How 's that going S ohow  ' sitgoing ?
The principles taught in the book didn 't work for me at all Well, the principles in theboo kdidn  ' tworkformeatall .
But Dad likes being called George repeatedly. A lthough D addoes like being called George over and over again,
You can try this trick soyoumightgivethatatr y .
Baby you don 't need to trouble yourself for me Baby , youdon  ' thavetogotoanytrouble forme . But I like to pay for you But I like doing things for you . You are a good man You  ' reanicelady .
- but if that book is useless . . . - it is useless - Butifthebook  ' snotworking . . . - I tisn  ' t .
But I realized if I go to But I realized if I find the otherpeople
Others who have borrowed the book because they also want to make friends who checked out the book , they  ' dbe lookingforfriends , too .
It 's a clever trick. T hat  ' sreallysmart . - Mishy came up with it - No way - M issythoughtofit . - You  ' rekidding .
I was as surprised as you were at the time I 'masurprisedasyouare.


Excuse me Ms. Ingram Excuseme , M s . Ingram ?
Sheldon , it  's srecess .
Go outside and experience the outside G ooutside , seewhatit  ' slike .
Are you Evelyn Ingram A reyoubyanychance E velyn Ingram ?
Yes Yes .
Thesame E velyn Ingram who checked out this sbook ?
What 's your business? A ndwhyisthatyourbusine ss ?
I was just thinking you were trying to make friends I justassumedyouwereloo kingtomakeafriend .
It was a long time ago Well, that wasalongtimeago.
I just got out of a bad relationship I hadjustgottenoutofave rydifficultrelationsh ip .
- With a friend - friend - With ithafriend ? - Friend . I dedicated three years of my life to that man Ha !
I gavethatmanthreeyears ofmylife and my innocence andmyinnocence.
I don 't know what that means I don  ' tknowwhatthatmeans .
Men are deceiving dogs. I tmeansmenarelyingdogs onlyinterestedinoneth ing.

Well , that  ' snotthedictionarydefinition .
Starts are always the same Alwaysstartsthesame.
A quickglanceacrossther oom , acasualhandontheshoul der ,
Lunchat Stuckey 's at a convenience store chain.
It was very romantic at first O h , yeah , it  ' sallromance and flowers inthebeginning . . .
This list proved to be a double-edged sword. The listprovedtobeadouble-edgedsword.
The original inspirational book I wrote in 1936 I tturnsoutself - helpbookswrittenin 1936
was written specifically for adults to read wereonlyofinteresttoa dults .
I just said 'I 'm here because I care, You  ' relike , ' I  ' mherebecause I care . And your phone can be called too.' And bytheway , yourphonecouldmakecal ls , too . The whole thingT hentriestoturnthiswho letingaround
Shift into being you too clingy likeit  ' sallaboutyoubeingneed y ,
Of course you will say ' crap I certainly have needs and you  ' relike , ' Yes , I haveneeds ! People are people who have needs ' T hat  ' swhatmakesmehuman ! '
Emotionally troubled adults E motionallytroubledadu lts.
Children, go out and play. Child, gooutside.
yes that 's my signature why you ask this Yes , that  ' smysignature .
W h y   d o   y o u   a s k ?
I 'm looking for people who want to make friends I 'mseekingpeoplewhowhowant tomakefriends .
I wasn 't interested in friends .
I borrowed that book to help myself climb to the principal position I took out that book to help mebecomeschoolprincip al .
- Did it work? - Are we speaking in the principal 's office now - D iditwork ? - A rewesittingintheprinc ipal  ' soffice ?
- No - do you know why - No o .
-   A n d   y o u   k n o w   w h y ?
Because Victoria Mac Elroy is not a man Because V ictoria M ac Elroyisnotaman !
I confirm that you are not interested in making friendsS otobeclear , you  ' renotinterestedinmaki ngfriends ?
The only thing I 'm interested in is long enough What I 'minterestedinisinlivi nglongenough
Long enough to see that women are no longer treated like second-class citizens toseewomennolongertre atedlikesecond-classcitizens. If you want to live a long life Wellifyourgoalisalongli ife, then you can only do yourself a disservice by eating this hot cheeseburger thatchilicheeseburger isastepinthewrongdire ction.
Food is my mother 's only consolation Foodisall I have . Like I said Like I said ,
Emotionally troubled adults emotionally troubledad ults.
Do you want to watch me eat Yougonnawatchmeeat ? Go out Getoutofhere . Everyone tells me E verybodytoldme ,

' Huber has a special date with a colleague ' ' Hubert , don  ' tdatesomeonefromwork . '
Am I obedient? No Butdid I listen? No. Let me tell you one thing Letmetellyousomething.
She likes to say I stole her innocence right? S helikestosay I stoleherinnocence ?
What about my innocence Well , what about myinnocence ?

Two years later Twoyearslater,
Mr Givens became the Headmaster Mr r.
G i v e n s   b e c a m e   t h e   h i g h   s c h o o l   p r i n c i p a l ,
Maybe it has something to do with Ms. Mark Elroy 's becoming a heavy fat man, which mightbewhy M s .
M a c E l r o y   b e c a m e   m o r b i d l y   o b e s e .
I 'm smart and likable and I don 't want to show off I hadthebrains , I hadthecharm , and I don  ' tliketobrag , but I was a little fresh meat back then but I wasprettyeasyontheeye sbackthen . hatwomangotherselfone heckofapackage .
But some people just don 't want to be satisfied Butsomepeopledon 'twanttobesatisfied.
Is this book useful I sthatanygood ?
Sadly there is no I 'mafraidnot.
I didn 't make a friend I failedtomakeasinglefr iend .
It 's a pity that I 've also run into a wall in making friends T hatsucks .
I   h a v e   a   t o u g h   t i m e   m a k i n g   f r i e n d s ,   t o o .
The worst part is that my mom is very concerned about this Theworstpartis , itwasimportanttomymom .
My parents also always pressure me to make friends M yparents pressure meabo utmaking friends all the time .
So you can understand what happened to me So oyou understand what I  ' mgoingthrough .
I 've read that book and it 's great Oh, I readthatbook.
Robert Goddard American Professor Physicist and Inventor Inventor of Liquid Rockets
I t ' s   e x c e l l e n t .
Are you also interested in rocketry A reyouintorocketry ?
I started with water jet rocket I started with water propu lsion ,
Later started to play solid fuel rocket workedmywayuptosolidfuel ,
After burning down my garage I went back to play water rockets thenwentbacktowateraf ter I setourgarageonfire .
- Awesome - I also tried to get uranium - N ice . - I alsotried to get someura nium to make an atomic engine but that thing is too hard to get and build anatomicengin e , but thatstuff  ' shardtofind .

This is also good. P robably for the best . I wish you all the best in your search for friends. Well, goodluckonyourquest to findafriend.
You are also You , too .


If you haven 't found a friend I have good news I fyouhaven  ' tfoundoneyet , I have goodnews .
Mom, do you know about the drug Prozac M om , whatdoyouknow about the drug Prozac ?
Don 't know much about Notmuch .
Seems to make melancholy people happy. S supposed to make people ha ppier . Why ?
I was just thinking this medicine might help me some teachers I was just thinking some of my teachersmightbenefi tfromit .
Speaking of this Peakingofwhich ,
One thing you will be happy about I made friends today you  ' llbehappytoknow I madeafriendtoday .
That 's great Well , that  ' snice .
But like I said making friends is not for me But , as I said , thisisn  ' tforme . It is for yourself I t  ' sforyou .
He made a friend H emadeafriend !
He succeeded H edidit !
Our son made friends O urlittleboyhasgotafri end .
- Who is it- It doesn 't matter- Who hoisit ?
-   W h o   c a r e s ?
A human being is a flesh and blood anyway I t  ' sahumanbeing . I t  ' sawarmbody . Mom M om ?
what 's the matter dear Yes , honey ?
Can I come in of course C an I comein ? Ofcourse .
Calm Becool.
What 's up, baby What  ' sup , sweetie ?
I was wondering when I could continue my rocketry hobby I waswondering when I could continue my rocket ryhobby .
Sheldon we talked about this U h , S heldon , we  'vebeenthrough this .
Rockets are built but not allowed to launch Youcanbuildthem . Youjustcan  ' tlaunchthem . But launching is the fun part Butlaunchingthemisthef unpart .
You go and explain to the squirrels who were killed by fire. Tell that to the family ofs quirrelswhodiedinthefire .
Okay O kay. I just wanted to do this with new friends I twasjustsomething I washopingtodowithmyne wfriend .
Wait Hangon.
Okay U h , yes .
Do it. It 's fine. Lift the ban Banislifted.
- Mary - to play with his friends - Mary . . . - I t  ' sforhisfriend .
He has a friend He  ' sgotafriend .
And it may have been rats that were burned to death at that time.
Who knew it was burned to the point of becoming a rat.
I thought we had to calm down. I thought wewerebeingcool , butokay .
By the way Hey , here  ' sanidea .
Why don 't you invite your friends over for dinner W hydon  ' tyouinviteyournewbudd yoverfordinner ? - Why - dear - Why ?
-   W e l l ,   h o n e y ,
Because that 's what happens between friends um , thatiswhatfriendsdo .
My mother asked me to ask you M ymotheraskedmetoaskyo u if you would like to come to our house for dinner ifyou  ' dliketojoinusfordinne r . - why - and I hope you know why - why ?

-   I   w a s   h o p i n g   y o u ' d   k n o w .


He 's at He  ' shere !
Everyone keep calm E verybody , staycalm !
Just an ordinary day, an ordinary dinner, Justanormalday, justanormaldinner.
Can I eat in front of the TV?
No but you can eat No o in front of Sheldon 's friend, youcaneatinfrontof S heldon  ' sfriend.
- FUCKING- I know what 'FUCKING' means- A w , fudge .
-   I   k n o w   w h a t   " f u d g e "   m e a n s ,
you almost got shaved little girl and you are right on the ge , younglady .
Welcome to Welcome .


so. . .
S o ,   u h . . .
Dan , which country is your name Tam .
W h a t   k i n d   o f   n a m e   i s   t h a t ?
It is the famous Vietnamese gentleman Vietnamese . Sir . I understand that I have also stayed there S ure .
Y o u   k n o w ,   I   s p e n t   a   l i t t l e   t i m e   o v e r   t h e r e .
I am in the army A rmy .



Isn 't your mother 's name Kim Lee? Yourmom  ' snameisn  ' t Kim - Lee , isit ?
No Mr. No .
S i r .
Great Good.
I mean , you know , it  ' sasmallcountry .
Maybe . . . S o . . . How long will it take Mary to finish Mary , how  ' sthatfoodcoming ?
Come on, Almost .
Vietnam is like the movie 'First Blood' S o , Vietnam , likein Rambo .
The film 's leading actor, Rambo, is a Vietnam War veteran. The second scene in the film is set in Vietnam.
- yes- that movie is awesome- Y es .
- T hat  ' sacoolmovie . Yeah Yes .
Did you perform in A reyouinit ?
no No .
Why do you think you know his mom W hywouldyouthinkyoukne whismom ?
Alright Dan A llright , Tam .
I decided to cook you a true Texan dinner I decided I wasgonnamakeyouareal T exasdinner .
Texas BBQ Chicken and Brisket Barbecuedchickenandbri sket . Thank you T hankyou .
I guess you should be annoyed too Well , I figuredyouwereprobabl ytired
What you eat will wiggle around onyourplate ofstuffwiggling.
We come to pray O kay , let  ' ssaygrace .
Dan When we say ' Jesus ' Now , Tam , when I say ' J esus , ' you are also welcome to say ' Bodhisattva ' in your mind feelfreetosaytheword 'Buddha ' inyourhead .
I am actually a Catholic I  ' mactually Catholic .
Oh . Well , that  ' stoobad . Thank the Lord for the food on our table T hankyou , God , forthisfood ,
Also bless the people who prepared this meal andblessthehandsthatp reparedit .
Thank you also for bringing Sheldon a new friend A ndthankyousomuch for S heldon  ' snewfriend .
Amen A men .
Dan talk to us about your family S o , Tam , tellusaboutyourfamily .
Why are you coming to Whatbringsy  ' allto Texas ?
Well , after the American War . . . you mean the Vietnam War You meanthe Vietnam War .
We call it the American War there Wecallitthe American War .
And then H mm . A nyway ,
after the war my father was sent to afterthewar , myfatherwassenttoaree ducationcamp
because he was on the wrong side in wartime because hefoughtonthew rongside .
The wrong side refers to our side, Youmeanourside . Politeness is not to put it bluntly I wastryingtobenice . So there are many years S o , foranyyears ,
Our family has always been very poor mymotherandmysistersa nd I wereverypoor
Not getting enough to eat is common andveryoftendidn  ' thavemuchtoeat . Finally when my dad was released . . . Then , whenhewas released . . .
What did they teach him in the re-education camp What  ' dtheyteachhimattheree ducationcamp ?
Teach him how to be a communist Howtobeacommunist . Cool like in the movie Cool , likein Rambo .
When my dad was released When henhewas released ,
we escaped by boat weescapedonasmallboat
We drifted at sea for a few weeks hiding from Cambodian pirates andspentmanyweeksatse adodging C ambodianpirates and finally drifted to Thailand tillwereached Thailand . It seems to be a beautiful country Oh , that  ' ssupposedtobeabeautif ulcountry .
- Beautiful sunny beaches - I didn 't know - Lovelybeaches .
-   I   w o u l d n ' t   k n o w .
We were forced to live in refugee camps Wereforcedtoliveinar efugeecamp ,
The only thing we can eat is pigeons and mice wheretheonlythingweha dtoeatwerepigeonsandr ats .
Now it 's time to rely on hot sauce H a ! T hat  ' sajobforhotsauce . Finally F inally ,
We were allowed to come to America wereallowedtocometo U nited States tates
Restart in Galveston, Texas and startoverin Galveston.
My dad saved money and finally bought a shrimp fishing boat M yfathersavedmoneyandb oughthisownshrimpboat .
Huh ? Children watch when life is difficult See , kids ? W henthegoinggetstough ,
- Great America will lend a hand - indeed - A mericaprovides . - I tdid .
Until extreme white supremacist groups burned my family 's boat, Untilthe K u K lux K lanburnedourboat
also drove us away andchasedusaway.
Want to try to say what 's so good about this paragraph Yougonnaputagoodspinon thatone ? So we moved to MedfordS owecameto M edford
Then opened a convenience store and openededupaconvenien cestore .
My parents work 1 6 hours a day M yparentswork 1 6 hoursaday , seven days a week sevendaysaweek
Just to make a little money forverylittlemoney . It 's too depressing Well , that was depressing .

I don 't understand why it can 't launch I don 'tunderstandwhyitdidn 'tlaunch.
I also don 't understand Me , neither .
Evil Naziscientists did it 50 years ago .
How hard could this be?


Can I help you? Madam, sorry to bother us. It 's the FBI, S orrytobotheryou, ma  ' am .
F B I .
We 're looking for Sheldon Lee Cooper We  ' relookingfora S heldon Lee Cooper .
George George !
I 'm in the pit I  ' monthecan .
Now N ow !
- What 's the matter - these two gentlemen are from the FBI - What?
-   T h e s e   g e n t l e m e n   a r e   w i t h   t h e   F B I .
They want to talk to Sheldon Theywanttotalkto S heldon .
What What?
We . . . We e . . . U h . . .
You must have misunderstood Y - Y oufellasmusthavemadea mistake .
Sheldon is 9 years old S heldon  ' snine .
Someone living at this address Well , someone living atthisad dress recently tried to call a mine in Canada recently called amining operation in Canada
Want to buy uranium andtriedtobuyuranium .
Maybe it 's not really a misunderstanding O kay , maybeit  ' snotamistake .
It 's impossible. It 's sridiculous.
Let 's ask him L et  ' sjustgotalktohim . He 's just a little one. He  ' sjustalittle , itty - bittything . Really harmless , he  ' sharmless .


Sorry Sorry!
He 's in the garage H e  ' sinthegarage .



