0 0 : 0 0 : 0 1 , 2 0 0 - - &gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 0 2 , 9 0 0 'Crazy Wife' Recap I Want a Child
we said ok -- no kids
Playing with the pills . . .
New evidence found in documents about Noah 's daughter . . .
What are we looking for?
What is that? Straight talk. . .
Bree is a lady
a beautiful, traditional lady
Remember, ladies eventually want to have a relationship with a doctor
Not the drug dealer and all the revenge
Susan has wanted to be a mom so much since he was a kid, where is your little ass? Cute little guy
And how have you since she brought JULIE home from the hospital on the first day
she just
Oh my God
Although she really wants to take good care of her daughter
- Susan still failed countless times - sorry how could I forget . . .
Of course, it took SUSAN years to realize that even the best parents occasionally make mistakes
Julie is a girl now
Susan begins to realize that there is no room for mistakes now
Julie, what is Zach doing outside?
I think I already told you to stop talking to him
I do not have it
That 's why he throws stones at my window
All right
Let me wrap this up Zach, you think you 're doing it . . . oh!

what !

Mrs Mayer, I 'm so sorry, I . . . . . .
because. . .
A small rock was useless so I threw a whole handful
I will compensate you
How to make it up? - Are you going to give me your cornea? - Lie down, mom

I just wanted to talk to Julie
She didn 't return my calls
I am here
what do you want ?
Commitment, JULIE
i just wanna see you
you know, talk, go out
It wouldn 't be so bad if we could just calm down for a while, okay?
why ?
How about the reason you just stoned her mom in the face? Thank you so much

I 've spent weeks thinking about breaking up with him
You finally gave me a good excuse
Yes, Susan has been through countless failures as a mother
You did a great job, mom
So she enjoyed her success
You 're welcome - = Eden Forum http://www.ydy.com = - Honorary production This subtitle is for learning exchange only, not for commercial use - = COSL - YTET group studio = - Translation: No class, V ivienne Dew proofreading : Fan Timeline :

W a n g y q 0 6 8 0
Every spring comes to Wisterla Lane
The flowers are in full bloom, the butterflies break out of the cocoon, and the bees work hard to collect honey
Spring is also a day when young people go from admiration . . . to infatuation
hello, what a great day

R ex , lo and behold, it 's George
Nice to meet you, Bree
Dr. V an D e K amp
G eorge
How are you doing recently?
No, my cardiologist is an idiot
The doctor doubled the dose, but it didn 't help.
I believe it will work slowly
Look, it 's a coincidence to meet you both at the same time
There 's a bonsai fair on Friday night on Mount Pleasant and I happen to have two extra tickets
Do you want to go?
I would love to, R ex ?
Watching bonsai all night?
Why don 't you just shoot me?
may be
Why don 't we both go?
Bree we have something to do on friday night
What 's up ?
It 's alright ?
I think what your husband is saying is that he doesn 't want you to go out with me
Reex, are you still jealous?
No
We dated during our separation but George and I are just friends now, right?
completely spiritual
But if you feel threatened
I don 't feel threatened

So what do you decide to buy today?

You know what, I finally convinced Reex to buy his first pot of orchids
must be prepared
I hate people who have precious flowers but don 't know how to grow them properly
You know what I hate? Weeds
They 're all over the place and you have to work hard to get rid of them
you can get rid of anything with the right herbicide see you friday


Mrs Solis
It 's amazing
We haven 't seen you here in a long time
Yes, I know my husband and I were going through a buying slump
But we 've pulled ourselves together
Life is beautiful and this car will make it even better

Excellent
Sit in and feel it
Oh
I 'm going to put it in the driveway on Saturday
I 'm throwing a big BBQ party
I want everyone to see it
really exciting
For what ?
I 'm throwing a farewell party for my husband
Really? Where is he going?
Actually . . . well . . . a bit like a public tour
How long will he be going ?
8 months
Take care of yourself for 6 months
Isn 't this leather great?
Yes Yes
just taste a little big
That 's because it 's 100% Italian calfskin imported from Italy

so sorry
I don 't know how
you see, it 's weird
I 'm sick of smelling it lately
Sensitive breasts? Back pain?
right
popular recently?
centuries
It was the same when I was pregnant with my eldest son
Seriously you 'll never fit a child seat in your tiny SPYDER
Four-door car with much more space
Excuse me, you mean I 'm pregnant?
no i am not pregnant
you just have signs of pregnancy
- I just think - you 're wrong
I am sorry
- I 've been on the pill, for God 's sake- yeah
And I don 't want a four-door car
I want a sexy cabriolet and I 'm going to pay right away
I 'm going to get the documents
Not this I just vomited
Okay
we 'll give you a brand new
Can Peterson Advertising work for you?
L y n e t t e
you forgot your Halpern file
Omg, Lynette
If there 's anyone Lynette never wants to see again it 's Annabel Foster
8 years ago Annabel wanted Tom to marry her
But he told her that he was the type who didn 't marry
Then one day Tom stumbled upon a promising young manager named Lynette Lindquist . . .
Maybe he 's a married man, Tom thought after a hot few weeks
Turns out a resentful Annabel moved back to Chicago and never came back
Or so Lynette hopes
- you look great - thanks
And you--
In this office - - -
in Tom 's office
Yeah, it 's been three months

Didn 't Tom tell you?
Well . . . he must have forgotten, he dared not tell his wife
Do you work with your ex-girlfriend?
I guess that became your little secret
Go to work, see you later

I can 't wait, I almost forgot

your file, here
Hey Paul, what 's up
I 'm in trouble, E die
- I want to talk to you - ok
I found you in my house that night-- are you really there?
you know why
I 'll give you your keys
What are you looking for in my living room?

what do you say ?
Do you want me to call the police?
take care of yourself

Yes
Su usan forced me
She insisted on finding out why MARYALICE committed suicide, and she kept saying she wanted to find clues about blackmail and dead babies- - - -
She was very disturbed when she saw the words 'Angela' written on the video tape
Did she find what she was looking for?

No, she hasn 't had time to watch the tape, you 're back I know

she thinks you 're evil
thanks, E die
what is going on ?
Susan 's obsession with investigating Mary Alice 's death nearly got me in jail
Now Paul 's after her
If I like her more I 'll remind her, but . . . you know thanks

S u s a n ?
Girls, I 'll talk to you later
Are you still avoiding me?
No
what do you want to say ?
I heard you and E die broke into Paul 's house
who told you ?
E d i e
we have
We are just looking for . . .
It doesn 't matter anymore, I didn 't find anything anyway

listen, i want you to stay away from that guy
I was going to do that as well.

M i k e ?
I know why I plan to stay away from him
But why do you want me to stay away from him?
I know he 's not a good guy
So don 't mess with him, I won 't

I promise
I keep thinking about that pharmacist
George what happened to him?
I don 't think you should go out with him
do not do that
He 's the only friend of mine interested in cultural stuff
B r e e . . .
I 'm worried because it 's obvious he still loves you
no, he just wants to be a friend
he told me
What else can a man who is in love say?
He wants to take every opportunity to be with you
I don 't think he loves me that much
Did I see his hands shaking when you touched his shoulder?

When we first dated, so did I
I do not remember
Listen, if you keep seeing him, you 're just giving him false hope
Of course I don 't want to hurt him I don 't want to hurt him again
Do not
Of course you don 't want to
I 'm even wondering if changing pharmacists would be a good idea
real ?
All right
Do you know what I like most about him?
George always finds a way to make me feel good about myself
yeah, he 's a scary guy
Darling, do your hands still tremble when you touch me now?

No, we 've been married for 18 years, that 's right

But now you still don 't know when I want to hear lies
excuse me
This home pregnancy test - - is it accurate?
I think so
Do you have restrooms?
open to employees only
right there
Mrs Solis, please feel free to
thanks
How did I tell you, don 't treat customers with a straight face?
Put a smile on your face or I 'll put you in the back shelf so no one will look at you
B r e e
what a pleasant surprise
How did you come ?
Didn 't we just fill Dr. Van D e K amp last week?
George , here 's the thing
I can 't go to the bonsai show with you.
Oh, why?
I think it would be a mistake for us to spend too much time together
What did Dr. V an D e K amp say to you? What did he say?

nothing
tell me

He said you still love me
Too stupid
i don 't love you i don 't have

The truth is that I love Ginger
Ginger, the girl in charge of the warehouse?
yes i am serious
Oh why didn 't you tell me?
we want to take it slow
But she 's the girl I want
God, it 's all different now
Listen, a friend of mine is throwing a BBQ party for her husband and I thought you should come

real ?
Yes, and bring Ginger with you
G i n g e r   - -
I don 't know if she can come
You have to bring Ginger because when Reex sees you together he won 't be so nervous
Oh
OK
son of a bitch !
you 're out of toilet paper
Bree , I 'll call you later
L y n e t t e ?
hey dear ?
are you at home ?
3 months and days, you
God, you scared me to death
Are you going to tell me? I have
but forget
I knew you would react this way
Congratulations, you know me so well
Why are you hiding her?
It was actually Peterson who found her
I just recommend
T o m   - -
please darling i just help her
It 's the only thing I can do
She almost broke down when I dumped her with you and I feel so guilty

Do you still have feelings for her?
Forget it, I won 't tell you
You can tell me you still care about her, right?

Only a little bit
I just want to be a good friend
nothing more
you can 't work with her
What do you want me to do? Resign?
Talk to Peterson
Maybe he can get her transferred
I mean, aren 't you planning to develop new markets in Brazil?
darling you are crazy
no, i 'm serious
If she stays, I 'll be haunted in your office
I will bring you lunch every day
And bring the child to find you
changing diapers on your desk
Birthday parties in the lounge for every retirement party
I 'll be watching her

Then I 'd better get you a parking space because she 'll stay

Don 't you think this room is more interesting?
I just came to give you a present as an apology
I shouldn 't have stoned you in the face
you don 't have to
should
I think we can be friends
Well it 's impossible
why ?
Except you almost made me blind
you litter my furniture
I know I went too far that night
but i was angry
We must eliminate the barriers
For Julie 's sake
For Julie 's sake?
What do you think her mother would think if she couldn 't get along with her boyfriend
hey, Zach Julie doesn 't think of you as her boyfriend actually
I don 't think she wants to have anything to do with you. Is that what she said?
right

I do not believe you
whatever you believe
Well, even if she doesn 't like me, it 's because you told her bad things about me, and that 's not true
ZACH ! Give me back !

immediately !
Please, don 't ruin my relationship with her, okay?
How did you meet Mary Alice?
Who ?
M a r y   A l i c e   Y o u n g
she lives next door to me
She is standing with you in this photo.
That 's Angela Forrest
I worked with her in rehab 15 years ago.
Don 't be silly, Felicia
Do you think I don 't even know my neighbors?
Does this Mary Alice have children?
a teenage boy

What 's up ?
This Angela I work with is very unstable and she has a son
Angela and her husband disappeared after about a year
Not long after I heard that the boy was gone too
Everyone says it 's just a coincidence
But it seems to me that I always expected her to give him a proper home
You don 't mean she stole the baby, do you?
Don 't make such a surprised look, Martha, it will make your face look fat

The boy 's biological mother was a drug addict
Even if Anagela did become your neighbor and not to mention I doubt it would be lucky for the boy
Lynette , hi
Oh, you need to find Tom, he 's out to meet clients
no, i 'm here for you
You know what, it 's funny
I mean it too
I 've been back for so long
We can go out together--
have lunch, just you and me
ok, i 'll check my schedule
So, Annabel . . . do you still have a crush on Tom? What?

you heard me
Well, do you really want to talk about this, Lynette? Let 's talk about it

Yes, Tom and I were in a relationship
but he married you
I don 't want to break up a loving couple
But you did, didn 't you? Good morning, ladies

I 'll take a break and come on
Yes, some people think it 's grass but some people think it 's treasure
Next, continue to work
Pay attention to your behavior
Tom and I, we are a perfect couple
Our marriage is rock solid
You can 't break us up no matter what
Then why are you still here to warn me?
Gabrielle, what brought you here?

Oh, for God 's sake what happened to you this time? You 're pregnant?
yes, and incredible
I have been taking birth control pills
I know you think it 's a sin, but it works
It 's 99.9% effective sin
Well, maybe God exists in
That 0.1 percent chance can 't wait to preach, doesn 't it?
You see, God 's been having a hard time with me
He didn 't like the way I lived so he punished me
Well, have you done anything that is bound to be punished?
The gardener?
I thought it was over
Yeah, it 's over, and then--and-- well, you 're just like that
Listen, what I 'm saying is that I 'm a terrible mother
I 'm selfish and self centered and the only one more selfish than me is Carlos
I mean, he 's so selfish he doesn 't realize how selfish I am
We 'd be bad parents
Gabrielle , I would love to help you
But I can 't figure out what exactly you want
You know what, it 's just-- I don 't know who to get mad at
why don 't you think so, don 't get mad
be grateful
Children are a godsend, aren 't they?
I don 't have time for this crap I 'm planning a party

Thank you- E die, hi- hi
wow, everything is starting to improve
Yes, although time consuming and expensive
Well, that 's worth it
you are doing an amazing job
Well, you see, you 're pretty good too, so I- I 'd like some advice
I know Tom loves me but I just don 't trust this woman
I think there should be something between them
I can 't tell. Maybe I 'm just cranky
no, no, you were right to come to me
There are two ways to deal with this situation Well, first I have to ask--
What type of woman is that woman ?
the most beautiful type she is beautiful

There 's only one way
You have to strike first
I am listening
Well, it 's actually quite simple
when i feel threatened by another woman
I 'll draw her over
I made her my best friend
I thought you said you didn 't have any gay friends
i don 't have
I don 't feel threatened by anyone.
But the point is
closer to your friends closer to your enemies
Tom , we 're going to prepare a dinner
I want to invite Annabel
i don 't want to move
What did Susan know
- E die said she found it - I don 't care what E die B ritt said
I don 't want to leave Julie
Are you like this where our lives and our futures are risked for a so-called campus romance?
It 's not just Julie, she loves me

Then why doesn 't she want to see you?
her mother lied to her
If it wasn 't, she 'd definitely be with me
Are you sure ?
You know, JULIE is a very stand out girl
I know
she can be with any boy she likes
I think you 're a very nice kid I do think so, but . . .
You 're not as provocative as she is, Z ach really

but she kissed me
recently ?
we 'll pack up and get out of here
We can leave it all behind and we can start all over again
And there will be other girls, I promise
Do not
If Susan goes to the police, it 's all over
they 'll take me
They 'll take you away too, don 't you understand?
It doesn 't matter if Julie doesn 't love me anymore
it doesn 't matter
McG ruder has no idea what 's going on
He held Benson 's hand throughout the event
And after Burnham made him so bad
- I 'd be nervous too, oh my god- that sucks
I 'm sorry I had to come in, I need to clear the dishes
Hey darling, do you need help? Don 't look like we 've got a new partner

Hey guys, is it bedtime?
Oh, they don 't see you very often. Just let them stay a little longer

come on
Come here. Let me introduce you to someone
This is Miss F oster
Hi
She 's your dad 's old friend. Hey, what 's in your hand?
This is what we drew
oh let me see
This is us and mom and dad
we are all happy
oh, so cute
When was it painted?
Today. Mom made us draw
I just let them draw something pretty
It 's all about their own feelings
- But you said to... - Don 't interrupt, dear adults are talking
hmm, that 's really nice
Hey, when will you draw me a portrait?
ok you are beautiful

Well, as your dad said, it 's time to go to bed
I 'll take them back upstairs
let 's go lads
Thank you
I will beat you let 's go
I have to say, Lynette
Your family is so warm, and the little ones are so lovable - this whole evening is like a perfect family
live advertising
Do you really think so? You 've done enough
I mean seriously

very good
Hi Susan
Paul , hi
I know you and E die sneaked into my house?

it 's ok, i 'm not angry

So . . . what do you want to know about Angela?
That 's the name Mary Alice was born with
named after her aunt
They had a big fight when she was in her teens
So she changed her name to Mary Alice
This happened before we got married so please forgive me for not stating these little things
that 's it ?
Just this explanation?
Absurd and simple, isn 't it? That 's how she changed her name?
Just because of a fight with her aunt?
Paul , this is not something Mary Alice would do .
She didn 't want someone who would kill herself, but we all know she did.
So we finally put that aside
Or did you break into my house for something else?
no, um... .
I see, thank you

But if you don 't mind I 'd love to see the tape I found--
those marked 'ANGELA'
It 's not bad to see Mary Alice young
I 'm afraid that tape was thrown away as trash
Well then
Susan , I am serious
I hope you don 't get to the bottom of my family anymore
This kind of endless suspicion is bothersome yeah, I agree

oh my phone. sorry
oh my god, it 's PETERSON
- Excuse me- PETERSON ?
hello? yes
That being said, your show tonight was amazing
show
The children 's drawings all mention how happy we are
What 's wrong with subtly reminding Annabel that you 're happily married?
Because that 's not clever at all
And it 's a humiliation to me
i didn 't mean that
Are you really so insecure that you have to bring this kind of shit to the table?
be quiet
It doesn 't matter if she likes me or not, as long as I 'm not interested
Have I, have I done anything that makes you questionable?
Everyone can do a lot
When we first got along, you were cheating
It was with you . . . having an affair with you
It 's a law of behavior
oh, forgive me
Well, what should I do then?
You hired your ex-girlfriend and you didn 't say a word to me for three months?
I can tell you from the first day
Listen to me, Annabel is history
she 's in the next room
How many more years will we be together, Lynette? How long will it be before you can really trust me?
I believe you
How many times have you told me
if you dare touch another woman
I 'll take the kids and get out of here You 'll never see us again?
Well, it 's just . . . the wife told her husband
not all wives
OMG, LYNETTE, you 're so sure I 'll be unfaithful to you-- it makes me sick--
These distrust, these crankiness, you know--
No, it seems like you 're going to keep digging like this until you dig up something to prove yourself right.
OK , wait. Forgot what I just said
it 's too late you already said

Well, then, think of it as what the husband says to the wife
uh, Peterson 's scream
He found some exclusive insider information on the Metro account
The bad news is we 're going to do the demo all over again
tonight ?
they want it tomorrow
Peterson said we might have to work all night
However, I can 't drive, I drink
I 'll go, let 's go

- Thank you- don 't worry, Lynte
I will send him back to you as soon as possible
Confidence
Baby, look after me, I 'm going to give a speech

Just keep the meat pink, okay?
How are you ?
Oh
Fortunately, I just found out that the meat is quite disgusting.
I just wanted to say that your coming here means a lot to me and as you all know in a few days
I 'm going to take a vacation at public expense
Luckily breakfast is included
Oh my god
The point I 'm saying is that I 'm going to jail
And when one 's going to jail of course I hope none of you have the bad luck to find out who your real friends are
so thank you
cheers, cheers
forgive you
stay put unless i need you
Don 't talk to anyone and for God 's sake don 't get drunk
You know what, I was supposed to go to my cousin 's wedding today
it wasn 't a wedding it was just a promise ceremony now stay tuned . . .
try to relax
Uh
bring you a hot dog
No thanks, I 'm full
There 's a croquet field there
Want to hit some balls? No

hmm, all right
we sit here
Z ach , I don 't want to be your girlfriend
I don 't want to be with you I just hope you don 't keep pestering me, okay?

OK
Just in that moment looking at those pills that got a tantrum
Gabritlle 's nausea was quickly replaced by another, stronger emotion - anger
what are you doing ?
I am sorry
I did not do it on purpose
answer me
What are you doing here?
I was invited
Who invited you?
Did you know, Dr. Van D e K amp?
I don 't think I need to answer you at all
you see, i think you have to answer
what happened ?
he ruined the party
This guy doesn 't seem to know what rejection means
It 's fine
George has a girlfriend
Did you bring her, eh?
- He doesn 't have a girlfriend. - I have.

she 's over there
Is that his girlfriend?

Got it? We have nothing to worry about
So what time do you want to apologize... oh come on, R ex
You gotta show George a little bit.
Oh, what about it?
hahahahaha
- R ex , what are you crazy about?! - In fact
I just pushed him
Carlos, you son of a bitch
I 'm pregnant, and it 's all because of you!
Wow
This party is kinda decent.
How are you ?
I guess I can honestly tell you, no, I 'm not good
I regret that
thanks

But you know what everyone thinks of little kids -- you can never imagine having them until you have them and then you can 't imagine being without them
This is real
I just wanted to say maybe it was a blessing and you didn 't notice
I don 't know who is the father
- what? - yes

- you mean you and john are still there . . . - yes

G a b b y
Oh, I know, Susan, but I don 't know what to do next
what !
oh- - oh, oh my god!
Oh my god, that-- that 's my house!
- I 'm going to dial 9 1 1 ! - Come on
That 's-- that 's my house! Oh!
Oh my gosh--oh, gosh-- look at my kitchen!
Oh, the fire is so big!
Looks like someone forgot to turn off the gas and light a candle
That 's impossible
we never light candles during the day
Well, by the way, I lit a little French vanilla candle earlier
But-- but I 'm almost sure I blew it
Are you 'almost' sure?
no i am sure
I- I blow out, I think
listen to me, you are lucky that the fire is under control
Otherwise, the loss may be more serious
You have to be more careful in the future
don 't worry, we 'll be careful

- BREE , hi- hi
You left that party too soon
I can 't even apologize for Reex 's mistakes
Oh George, I 'm sorry he humiliated you in front of so many people
I don 't know why he does this
Isn 't it obvious enough? He hates me
no, he doesn 't hate you
He doesn 't even know you and you don 't really know him
Well, at least I know -- he 's not going to make us friends
Well, it 's not up to him to choose
What if he told you not to see me again? What if he ordered you not to see me?

Um. . .
I decide who I should associate with and I decide who I want to associate with you
And it 's settled
He wouldn 't let you get along with me so easily . . .

Who said he has to know how I enjoy my personal time?
I have some conflict with my neighbor across the street
I think one of them set fire to my house I don 't know why, but . . .
I think it has something to do with my friend who killed himself I called the police
But they don 't take it seriously
There must be a secret in that family -- a bad one.

I 'm stuck in this confusion
I need you to find out anything about Paul Young and his family
can you help me ?
Actually . . . I think I can help you
Every spring comes Wisterla Lane
But not everyone remembers to stop and admire the flowers
Some are busy worrying about the future . . . some are worried about past mistakes
And be careful not to get caught
It 's windows or trying to catch someone but still, there will always be someone
Will remember to take a little time to appreciate the beauty that spring has given them . . . as if there will always be some people
they prefer to sit in the dark
meditating on all they 've lost
'De esperate Housewives Season 1 Episode 20' - = End = -
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - The subtitles of this forum are only for translation and learning purposes. Any commercial use is prohibited. Otherwise, the consequences will be at your own risk- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - = COSL - YTET Group Studio = - Translation: Classless, V ivienne D ew Proofreading: Fan Timeline :
W a n g y q 0 6 8 0
