 Okay , are you from Star Wars universe ? Yes You were in the original trilogy ?
 Yes
 Is there a picture of you in my wallet using a metal bikini ?
 God , I hope not .
 And no , I 'm Princess Leia .
 Okay , okay , my turn ...
 Are you in the six Star Wars films ?
 - Yes - Interesting . Are you a Droid ?
 Yes ¿ Sheldon look like a shiny ?
 Yes
 - C- 3PO . - You got it .
 That is ridiculous .
 Do not I look like C- 3PO . Do not misunderstand me .
 I Alagoas , just do not see the resemblance .
 Leslie Winkle .
 Talk to " Friends with rights . "
 For a call sex , press one now .

 Exactly what ¿ means that expression , " Friends with rights ? Do you provide a health service ?
 No .
 Watch ...
 Imagine that you hold a friendship with someone with whom you have sex , but you are free dating anyone .
 Sorry . I can not imagine anything like that .
 Okay , back to the game .
 I think it 's my turn .
 They can start with questions when they are ready .
 Are you Spock ?

 I do not like this game . So , where were we ?
 Is not going to have sex ?
 No , it was something else .
 Why everything has to be about sex with you ?
 Come on . Who plays ? We were with you .
 Great , just start .
 Okay , let 's see .
 Are you a TV series ? I made it !

 I bet that someone from Babylon 5 never guess . # All our universe was in a hot and dense state ...
 # Then for about 14 billion years , the expansion began ... Wait ! # The earth began to cool ,
 # Autotrophs began to drool the Neanderthals developed tools , # Build the wall ... we built the pyramids , # Math , science , history unravel the mystery
 # That started it all with a Big Bang !
 Translation and
 What happened to Leslie ?
 Why are you leaving ?
 I do not know , just said , " Howard , Mom is a free spirit . "

 I do not understand .
 If you were in a relationship not emotional , then
 Why do you have what appears be an emotional response ?
 Sheldon , obviously I felt something for her .
 Of course I felt something for her . I saw her naked , for the love of God .

 Okay , you just need sacártela of mind .
 Want to go to the comic shop ? Maybe go see a movie ?
 I do not want to go anywhere .
 You know ,
 I understand that there are a city in Nevada specifically designated to help people like Howard to forget their problems .
 Can replace them with new problems such as alcoholism , addiction to gambling , and sexually transmitted diseases .
 Am I , or that was how Sheldon said , " Vegas , baby ! " ?
 Never ido .
 And you ?
 Me ?
 No .
 Just remember " Vegas , baby ! " by Vince Vaughn in Swingers .
 Could be fun .
 My order week is free , now that ... Okay , let 's do it .
 Let 's go to Las Vegas .
 - Now ? Now do the same ? - Why not ?
 People do things now same all the time .
 Why can not we be people " now " as well ?
 Go home , pack a suitcase , and let people " now . "
 That is , should I stop at the pharmacy to fill a prescription , but after that , we will now .
 What do you say , Howard ? I mean ...
 " Vegas , baby ! "
 What would you say to your mother ? " Sea World , baby ! "


 Hey , Sheldon , are you going to come ?
 Would prefer a fly scavenger put eggs and hatched larvae in my ear canal .
 Great , you bring a jacket .

 Thank you .
 Hello , neighbor . Hello , Sheldon .
 And how are you doing this pleasant evening ? - Great .
 - Well , I 'm happy . Really ?
 Are you drunk ?
 I 'm just in a good mood . While my compatriots are in Las Vegas ,
 I enjoy a wonderful night in my Fortress of Solitude staff .
 That 's the great thing of Ice Superman , right ?
 You know , I am such a good mood , this day in fact find your poor knowledge
 language and enchanting folk .
 What smells so good ?
 Such is the intoxicating Kadhai paneer flavor , a perfect representation culinary of freedom which is tonight .
 Indian cuisine is not just , which Koothrappali hate contains a generous portion of nuts , thus reduced to a Wolowitz wheezing ampoule of 44 Kilograms .
 And finally , its main ingredient is paneer , a cheese that would cause Leonard any habitable room in a matter of minutes .

 Well , enjoy your big night .
 Penny .
 I realize that you are also single tonight then , if , at some point you find yourself with nothing to do , please do not bother me .

 Have fun , Sheldon . Oh , I will .


 No !
 What happens , Superman ?
 Are you staying out of your big ice thing ?
 Look at that .
 Rinse , lotion , body soap , shampoo and conditioner together in one bottle .
 I love Las Vegas .
 Howard , Could I have some after shave lotion ?
 Black briefcase , upper compartment .

 That is a lot of cologne .
 The first row are
 The third is a variety of pheromones . Use it with care .

 That is the spirit , Howard .
 Yes , we can .
 Go on , come on .
 You adelántense only I have to finish a post .
 That is not an email is Leslie Facebook page .
 Okay , okay . I reviewing their Facebook page . Watch your status update .
 He says he left me .
 People should know that I left her . But she left you .
 Madura , Raj .
 There is no place for truth on the internet .
 Just go , after the catch .
 Okay . We should have a plan in case that one of us get lucky .

 Okay , if I have luck , take majestic my personality the outskirts of Gotham , y . .. if you 're lucky , sleep on the moon .
 It seems a good plan .
 Wait , I think the key emergency is somewhere around here .
 We have a bowl .
 Our keys are in a bowl . You should get a bowl .
 So how was that brilliant mind of Sheldon Cooper forgot your key in the first place ?
 I left it in the bowl .
 I just remember where emergency is the key . - Where ?
 - In your apartment . - What do you do in my apartment ?
 - Well , I was a few weeks ago when you were not at home and forgot it .
 I entered ... Why ... What ?
 It is not so important . Was making coffee and I ran out of milk .
 You 're the thief of milk !
 Leonard said he was crazy , but knew that the board was light .
 Okay , Sheldon . Just calm down .
 Call administrator building and will open your door .
 Just eat your dinner here while waiting . Why , my dinner ?
 In your department ?
 Yes , why not ?
 And after you get off the sun , We can get in my truck and we can go to swim naked in the stream .
 Because today is the day of fail to make sense .
 Thank you .
 I tell you , Leonard , with video slot machines , brought us free drinks by a waitress big breasts and all the shrimp can eat for $ 3 . 95 .
 Disneyland can go to hell .
 This really is the place happiest of the earth .
 My friends , look !
 That 's the laundry a month !
 Hello .

 Hello .
 What is your name ?
 Rajesh Ramayan Koothrappali .
 Hi , Rajesh Ra --
 Hi , Rajesh .
 I 'm Michaela . Hello , Michael . So , are you interested a small party ?
 Why ?
 Yes , I love the holidays .
 Fiesta is my middle name .
 Or it would if it were not Ramayan .

 Raj , can , can talk to you a moment ? Not now , Leonard .
 Michaela invites me to a party .
 You better call the moon and you make sure that have a bed for you .
 Yes , I really need to talk to .
 Sorry , back away .
 Do not go anywhere . Do not move , only stay there as the beautiful
 American natural flower you are .
 What 's the matter , buddy ? She wants all my jammy .
 Okay , hate to have to tell this to yourself and to what is around you " Jammy " but I 'm pretty sure she is a prostitute .
 What ? No . ..
 Let me put it like this : Throughout your life , How many beautiful women have walked straight to you in a bar and you have asked if want to go to celebrate ?

 Maybe I can save her .
 Maybe , but I bet it will cost you as $ 500 for an hour of trying .
 It was lovely to meet you .
 The best of luck in your future .
 Whatever .
 And strange .

 Howard is going crazy .
 Watch his last message on Twitter .
 " I 'm at the bottom of a black hole
 " noting the abyss .
 My life has no meaning .
 My future has no hope . " Why do not we to see the Blue Man Group ?
 Do you think that would help ?
 USA Today called , " Fun lush for the whole family . "
 I do not know .
 Howard is not really class subject of family fun . What a pity that no was here for that bitch .
 She is exactly the kind a bitch .
 You know , I bet that if the hired , we encourage them .
 We will not get Wolowitz to a whore .
 " I 'm just hot , may open this bottle of $ 20 dollars nuts and end all . "
 I guess that would not harm get an estimate .
 And how was your day ?
 Trying to talk ? Honey , is not really necessary .
 No , the agreement is accepted .
 How was your day ?
 Well , they changed my shift in the restaurant , so my hours is a little different ...
 Sorry , that does not interest me at all , just eat .

 Hi again .
 Hello .
 Yeah , hey , listen ... if you 're not busy , we were thinking that you could ... we wondered ... whether you are a prostitute .
 - Are they cops ?
 - No . I am a prostitute .
 Okay , great .



 The thing is , we have a friend and is somewhat sad that I left him .
 And we think that maybe you could cheer him up . With sex .
 I think he knows what I mean .
 How could it when you walk around the bush ?
 She is the tough streets where everything is fast and true .
 Do not worry , I can take good care of his friend .
 Okay , great .
 Listen , Is there any way we can do this he knows that without you 're a , you know ...
 Prostitute . They want the experience of a girlfriend .
 Yes , Yes , exactly . The experience of a girlfriend .
 In fact , if it is not much to ask ,
 Could be experience of Jewish bride ?
 Okay , that is the question 20 . Must guess .
 I do not know , Sheldon . Are you a Star Wars ?
 How can a person be a movie ? Okay , I give up .
 Can we just do something else ? Well . It was Spock .


 You are friends with Leonard and rights ?
 What ?
 You are friends with Leonard and rights ? Whence came this ?
 He said they were ? No , Leonard said nothing .
 But who knows that happens around here when he pretends that your mail was mistakenly delivered ?
 Mail only , no benefits .
 I see .
 Why you ask ?
 I am curious about the whole social construct .
 At the hearing , the idea satisfy the sexual appetites of their own assuming that it affects such without any emotional entanglement ,
 That seems remarkably practical .
 But what I observed ,
 Howard Wolowitz is crying as a little girl .
 Well , some people simply do not can handle such relationships . You can ?
 Excuse me ?
 Are you able to have sex with men are to develop an emotional attachment ?
 Sheldon , I really do not want talk to you about this .
 Is conversation makes you uncomfortable ? Of course it makes me uncomfortable , do not you see ? I really have no idea .
 I 'm not particularly good reading expressions facials , body language ...
 I 'm uncomfortable , Sheldon !
 Thanks , that 's very helpful .

 Well , where are these fantastic shrimp ?
 Contemplated .
 Seriously , do you think this is the size of a baby 's arm ?
 A small baby . I am going back to the room .
 Heck , would you kill put a little skirt ?


 Hello , Howard Wolowitz .
 Esther Rosenblatt .

 I do not think the manager comes tonight , then shot .
 ¿ It suggests that sleep on the couch ? Well , it was not the first suggestion that occurred to me , but what I have to choose .
 I can not sleep in your sofa , sleep in a bed .
 And given its size
 I have no intention of experience the children 's book of E. M. Snickering , The tall man in Cornwall . "

 What ? " It was a tall man in Cornwall
 " whose height exceeded his bed .
 " My body is , but just above it , no room for me English large head . "

 Okay , I 'll give you my bed with a condition : that promise to seal your mouth for the following eight hours . Can I say one last thing ?
 Only if you do not rhyme . Agreed .

 Good night .
 What excites me ? Let me see . Read a good book in front of the campfire
 Long walks on the beach ... and getting rare in the Sabbath a burger with bacon .
 Really ? Also yo !
 Oy gevalt , you are burning .
 Yes
 Excuse me a moment .
 Hey , how are you going ?
 The devil , fix this , right ?
 Yes
 It 's a bitch , is not it ? A prostitute , yes .
 You gave him the money ? Yes



 Penny
 What ?

 Perhaps because your mouth is still open .
 Strange home .
 Your house is about 6 meters from here .
 6 meters , 6 light years , never mind .
 It 's in a galaxy far , far away .
 Damn .

 What do you do ?
 Sing , " Soft kitten . "
 That 's just when you 're sick .
 Long for the home is a type of disease .
 Come on , is it really necessary ?
 I guess we can stay awake and talking .
 # Soft kitty , loving kitty
 # Small ball of hair , # Kitty Happy ...
 # Kitty sleepy . - # Gatito sleepy ...
 - No .
 Begins again .

 # Soft kitty , loving kitty
 # Small ball of hair , # Kitty Happy ... Sleepy kitten .

 - Penny ?
 - Yes ? Thanks for letting me stay here .
 Nothing , honey .

 Okay , I got sleepy .
 Out .

 Well .
 Finally at home .
 What were you doing at the home of Penny ?
 Well , dinner , play some games and then spent the night .
 Be happy to know that I now have a much better understanding " Friends with rights . "
 00 : 00 : 0, 500 --- > 00 : 00 : 2, 00

