0 0 : 0 0 : 0 7 , 7 6 0 - -&gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 0 9 , 5 2 0 ‎ (Dr. Jane Milburn Licensed Therapist) ‎ OMG!


‎ ( Screening Room 1 )

‎ Fuck!

‎ I 'll be back in ten minutes
‎ Not now

‎ - Mom! ‎ - Otis!
‎ I 'm sorry!

‎ - what? ‎ - Fuck! stop!
‎ I forgot my wallet
‎ NETFLIX Original Series
‎ - What Happened Yesterday‎ - Mom
‎ There is absolutely nothing to be ashamed of
‎ Masturbation is normal and healthy‎ You are at this stage of puberty development‎ I am very proud
‎ Great, can we not talk about this?
‎ However‎ for this privacy practice
‎ - Be careful about time and place‎ - Mom!
‎ Cars are a shared space‎ Choose to do this in the car‎ I 'm not sure if it 's appropriate
‎ Got it
‎ And exposing one 's own genitals in a public place‎ is a criminal offense
‎ I won 't do it again
‎ I promise
‎ And I noticed you 've been taking too long in the shower lately
‎ I know the bathroom‎ is a safe place‎ you can enjoy yourself there‎ but I also live here
‎ I need hot water too
‎ So please, please remember this
‎ good
‎ Wouldn 't that be nice? ‎ Are our recent conversations more open and frank?
‎ I 'm leaving
‎ goodbye baby
‎ love you
‎ safe
‎ thank you
‎ we have to tell them
‎ It will not work for the time being
‎ The matter between me and Otis‎ has just been settled and . . .
‎ He 's not ready
‎ Okay but asap

‎ I seem to have a problem
‎ My body has complete control over me
‎ my friend‎ you discovered the wonders of your dick
‎ very normal
Incorrect
‎ I saw some cheese and it hardened last night
‎ What kind of cheese?
‎ Brie
‎ But I swear anything will make me hard
‎ The day I was riding my bike, I got stiff for no reason
‎ There are only trees around
‎ Corduroy pants?
‎ - Well how do you know? ‎ - a lot of friction
‎ By the way, why do you always handjob? ‎ you have a girlfriend now
‎ - Euler and I want to take it slow‎ - dude
‎ You have never used the sex knowledge of Tantro esoteric masters
‎ - What are you waiting for? ‎ - don 't know
‎ Is it stressful?
‎ I understand all the theories but nothing in practice
‎ What if Euler finds you handjob?
‎ Didn 't you say it 's normal?
‎ damn
‎ Enjoy the Poor Man Bus!
‎ I know I have to do my best
‎ You want to get a sports scholarship, right?
‎ hmm
‎ If you push yourself a little harder, we 'll be halfway there
‎ I 'm going to the morning meeting, okay?
‎ Still no news from Maeve?
‎ It 's okay
‎ It 's a new term, no clinics, no farce
‎ Can 't give up and think about it‎ You will lose your hard-earned status
‎ Knowing Everyone 's Hidden Sex Scandals
‎ Doesn 't make you super powerful
‎ You better not tell Euler about the clinic
‎ - She might think it 's weird‎ - It 's weird
‎ - hey‎ - hi
‎ You guys are super cute, but it 's disgusting
‎ How are you feeling? nervous?
‎ Um a bit
‎ - Is there anything I need to know? ‎ - no
‎ Nothing interesting happened here
‎ There is a plague!
‎ Don 't let them breathe on you
‎ - How does it feel to be on The Walking Dead? ‎ - What 's going on?
‎ Chlamydia affects everyone
‎ One £5 Three £10
‎ Chlamydia is not airborne
‎ You must have sexual contact with a carrier to get infected
‎ They don 't know, right?
‎ Don 't Ruin My Business Dude
‎ Simon . . . this is so immoral
‎ I have to meet my chaperone‎ but I have a space after lunch
‎ - Me too‎ - Do you want to come to my house to play?
‎ Well let 's play together
‎ - see you later‎ - bye
‎ - bye‎ - bye
‎ - ok . . . ‎ - stop that


‎ We all know what 'playing' means
‎ It 's time to put theory into practice‎ my friend
‎ - You 'd never know . . . oh my gosh‎ - sex boy I seem to have chlamydia
‎ The book says I should put bleach on my pussy‎ Is that true?
‎ I no longer give advice‎ but don 't apply bleach anywhere on your body‎
‎ - Go to the GP‎ - Excuse me Otto
‎ Can the eyes get chlamydia?
‎ ok my name is Otis‎ if the infected sex organ fluids get into the eyes‎ the eyes can get chlamydia
‎ But I never had sex
‎ it could be conjunctivitis‎ but I won 't give any more advice‎ go to the doctor please
‎ - You have to help them‎ - How? This. . .
‎ - Not at all without Maeve‎ - What? her job is simple
‎ is responsible for making reservations and collecting money, let me do it for you
‎ I got a B plus in business studies last year
‎ - you never studied business‎ - this has nothing to do with it
‎ - Do you think you have chlamydia? ‎ - not
‎ My Girlfriend Says I Came Out‎ It Tastes Like Pickles
‎ How can I have a fermented dick?
‎ Everyone 's semen tastes different
‎ I can only advise you to adopt a healthy and balanced diet
‎ But I 'm not giving advice any more‎ So you look elsewhere for help
‎ - Admit it you like to give advice‎ - listen
‎ Maeve flipped the article, so am I
‎ Ok so far

‎ Why did you run away from your true mission?
‎ - Run away . . . ‎ - You were born to do this Otis
‎ Otis!
‎ Yes we know about disease outbreaks
‎ I can assure you of the state of affairs . . .

‎ My dick! ‎ . . . in control
‎ Can I call you back, Mrs. Hanratty? ‎ Thank you very much
‎ The chairman of the board is here ‎ She heard about the situation here
‎ bring her in
‎ Come on! take that thing off

‎ - Maxine! Nice to see you‎ - we 're in trouble, right?
‎ Hemp . . . not everything in control
‎ I don 't want to see tomorrow 's newspaper headlines‎ 'Mordale High School Chlamydia Outbreak'
‎ So what are we going to do‎ to solve this problem?


‎ I am organizing an emergency parent meeting tonight
‎ We will prevent problems before they happen
‎ very good
‎ I 'm leaving
‎ Calling all parents‎ Emergency meeting tonight
‎ I came to find my chaperone
‎ ( 'Tank Girl')
‎ Hello, I 'm Lily

‎ I love watching Tank Girl
‎ For severely underrated
‎ Two black rats are mating in the biology lab‎ You can watch after the morning meeting
‎ Their dicks are surprisingly big
‎ good


‎ Fiona Brady is apparently patient zero
‎ She gangbang at music camp‎ and that 's where the spread started
‎ Small chance of so many people contracting chlamydia at the same time‎
‎ I think this is a classic case of mass hysteria
‎ What the fuck are you doing? you stepped on my foot
‎ I 'm sorry‎ - stop it‎ - go away!



‎ If you hadn 't been so rambunctious
‎ - We wouldn 't be like this ‎ - Shut me up!
‎ - Are you really crying? ‎ - you vixen
‎ gosh
‎ They 're literally smearing Jemain Stewart 's song
‎ At least I 'm not doing pantomime
‎ Idiot slut
‎ I have to go I 'm sorry please let me

‎ sorry
‎ - Don 't push me‎ - You ruined it all . . .

‎ It 's a complete farce
‎ (Maeve school ravaged by STDs) ‎ (Wish you were here)
‎ Yay!
‎ Clap for the High Music Team!
‎ Shocking, right?
‎ slut
‎ ( Order here)
‎ (Aimee school STDs rampant)
‎ (Wish you were here)
‎ and chocolate
‎ Sir, I drizzled chocolate on your pretzel three times
‎ and chocolate
‎ What are you kidding?

‎ Willie Get Me Back!
‎ I can see you
‎ hi frog face i 'm mom
‎ Yes I know who you are. What do you want?
‎ - Is handjob cool? ‎ - I said I had a problem
‎ by God



‎ Hey are you okay?
‎ hmm sorry
‎ I thought I saw someone but . . .
‎ Can I talk to you?
‎ If I didn 't admit I gave them the chlamydia‎ Martha and Gwen would kick me out of the acapella group‎ but not me
‎ I have been tested and I am not sick
‎ I don 't give advice anymore‎ but I don 't think anyone actually has chlamydia
‎ - just mass hysteria‎ - no they definitely have
‎ They were tested and treated‎ but they were sure it was my fault‎ Now everyone at school thinks I have an STD
‎ I heard that Fiona played bukkake with five men at the same time‎ and contracted chlamydia

‎ so horny
‎ please this is so humiliating I don 't know what to do
‎ Well this is Eric and he 's in charge of the appointment
‎ - He 'll make arrangements for you‎ - I don 't have a notepad yet
‎ But I 'll use my brain 's natural organizing skills
‎ thank you
‎ Is it true Tim?
‎ You told Clara that you prefer dogs to be with you‎ than her?
‎ Yes
‎ Can you elaborate?
‎ dog . . . ‎ really quiet
‎ okay
‎Why do you think Fiona‎ gave you the chlamydia?
‎ She plays 3P with people at the music camp
‎ During Mozart 's Concerto No. 21‎ she handjobs Samuel Watson
‎ She is known to shove Jamal Jacob 's clarinet in her vagina!
‎ Can you please stop humiliating Fiona with 'slut'?
‎ She had a full sexual health check‎ and no STDs‎ and none of you had sex with her‎ so I don 't understand how you would think‎ she passed the virus on to you
‎ Because she used her lustful mouth‎ to whistle the high-pitched whistle we all share
‎ - That 's how we got it! ‎ - I don 't have chlamydia!
‎ How many times have I told you?
‎ - He really said it many times . . . ‎ - Shut up
‎ Shut up!
‎ Even if Fiona had chlamydia she didn 't ‎ You can 't get an STD from a high-pitched whistle
‎ It 's too late anyway, everyone still thinks it 's me
‎ You have an active sex life, right?
‎ - Yes‎ - Multiple Sex Partners?
‎ - yes‎ - great
‎ who you two have had sex with recently‎ I need you to make a list‎ so I can find out who is the culprit
‎ Then you can tell people‎ it 's not Fiona
‎ write down the name
‎ These are virgins who don 't drink alcohol and drugs‎
‎ Then he said: 'Yes Dad, but you see I have to buy a horse'
‎ These guys who smoke marijuana‎ can 't remember their names‎ and still think farts are super funny

‎ It 's the untouchables‎ Rule us with an iron fist of terror
‎ - The overalls are so pretty‎ - Thank you
‎ - Avoid eye contact‎ - but he likes my overalls
‎ He doesn 't like anyone 's overalls
‎ Omg‎ - what gang does he belong to? ‎ - unclear

‎ But I seem to have a little orgasm ‎ He 's from France

‎ And I heard he 's the son of a Middle Eastern prince
‎ I heard he is Kim Kardashian 's unknown foster brother
‎ He 's going to be my boyfriend, understand?

‎ I fuck
‎ We asked‎ Luke Hanraday and Neil Spencer‎ - they were both tested for infection‎ - ok

‎ Martha said she only kissed Tom Baker‎ so you can cross him out
‎ Otis Otis
‎ Otis
‎ Otis!
‎ What 's wrong?
‎ The sexiest man I 've ever seen in my life‎ Just walked by me‎ You missed it because of chlamydia

‎ So there is only one name left on the list
‎ Isn 't it?

‎ Brother Jie, I am Lao Ao
‎ I am Otis
‎ What do you want?
‎ Well . . .
‎ We want to know why you passed on chlamydia‎ to a cappella group
‎ - what? ‎ - We want to know . . .
‎ Seems like that. . . ‎ You had sex with Martha and Gwen‎ and they both got chlamydia
‎ - So I just want to . . . ‎ - I take protective measures every time I have sex
‎ I also did the test. Do you want to see the results?
‎ - don 't want to‎ - ok that 's what we want
‎ Jackson Marchetti
‎ give me
‎ thank you
‎ - I believe in you‎ - Yeah, it still ended up like this
‎ He 's not sick He 's not sick?
‎ Well you 're alright
‎ Thank you for being so interested in my sex life
‎ Say hello to Maeve for me

‎ I haven 't seen her yet
‎ Why does Jackson hate you now?
‎ shut up
‎ Dude you are hard again!
‎ Was it chlamydia or Jackson‎ that made you hard?

‎ - Your sister has grown up, right? ‎ - half sister
‎ I conceived you in the same womb‎ You are sisters
‎ Then you brought her back?
‎ She only lived at her grandma 's for a short time
‎ You must be freaking out, right? see me suddenly
‎ Yes
‎ I have reached the ninth step of participating in the detox meeting
‎ - make up for those . . . ‎ - those you hurt
‎ - We talked about it Erin‎ - Don 't call me Erin I 'm your mom
‎ This time is different
‎ My support person is very good‎ I haven 't touched drugs in a year
‎ I waited until I was stable before I came to you‎ So here I am
‎ Thank you for taking the time to see me
‎Some things can 't be changed
‎ Erin I think you 'll find a lot of things have changed
‎ Don 't talk when you eat in your mouth
‎ Did you know?
‎ I really don 't think you 're making amends this time
‎ You haven 't finished your burger

‎ Are you sure there 's no one here? ‎ OK

‎ Come on! ‎ - Is that okay? ‎ - Yes!


‎ Is that okay?
‎ it doesn 't matter
‎ good

‎ - Why doesn 't it work? ‎ - Don 't know but just . . .
‎ Continue. . .
‎ Is it because of me?
‎ Not because you just . . . maybe. . .

‎ - Why can 't you get hard? ‎ - don 't know
‎ - sorry I can 't do it ‎ - sorry please come back


‎ Otis! Watch out for the stairs!
‎ - Are you okay? ‎ - Fuck!
‎ - Otis! ‎ - Mom!
‎ What?
‎ - Dad? ‎ - what?
‎ - I 'm so sorry‎ - dear
‎ What the fuck is going on?
‎ sorry
‎ sorry
‎ We don 't want our relationship to affect your relationship
‎ Romance?
‎ Your mom and I are dating
‎ My mom doesn 't date people
‎ tell him mom
‎ Jacob and I are dating
‎ Are you saying that you occasionally have sex?
‎ - Otis‎ - dear this . . . ‎ It 's not as simple as 'occasionally'

‎ What do you want to say?
‎ This is a safe space‎ You can express your negative emotions as you please
‎ You 're dating my girlfriend 's dad
‎ I just started to feel‎ as a normal teenager‎ and now you make me feel like a geek!
‎ - Otis‎ - It 's okay
‎ he will figure it out
‎ This is a good thing
‎ Can you give me a cigarette?
‎ You should not smoke in front of your children
‎ I 'll hurt her badly anyway
‎ Secondhand smoke is harmless
‎ I know you don 't believe me‎ but this time is different
‎ you see
‎ I found these
‎ - You 've always liked shiny things‎ - Ugly
‎ Don 't do that, they go well with your curly hair
‎ When you were your age‎ I dyed my hair that way
‎ Why do you suddenly have money to buy gifts?
‎ I 'm dating people
‎ His name is James‎ I met him at Rehab Anonymous
‎ He is doing well now and helps me stay on track
‎ He understands how hard the recovery process is
‎ Please don 't tell me you slept with a supporter
‎ - You are unreasonable ‎ - He is no longer my supporter, okay?
‎ I now have a new supporter
‎ Do you know that I 'm serious about this?
‎ Mom will come soon baby
‎ He is nice to Essie
‎ He likes children
‎ Does James know about me and Sean?
‎ Of course not
‎ Are you going to sell pretzels for the rest of your life?
‎ No I 'm still studying
‎ I won 't drop out of school like you
‎ makes sense
‎ You can memorize the alphabet by the time you are a year old
‎ creepy
‎ I 'll tell him about you and Sean I promise
‎ Erin, your promises are worthless
‎ I quit
‎ No you are fired!
‎ Good evening Modell Secondary School parents
‎ Our children are dying!

‎ - No one dies! ‎ - How do you keep them out of danger?

‎ We will encourage all students to be treated with antibiotics‎ We will educate them again on how to practice safer sex
‎ everything is fine
‎ Teens are disobedient!
‎ How would you re-educate them on how to practice safer sex?

‎ Learn how to have safer sex by educating them again‎ . . .
‎ - Say it‎ - Say it!
‎ . . . conduct
‎ I think it 's ‎ an outbreak of STD panic, not a chlamydia outbreak
‎ The disease is not contagious by breathing
‎ but during unprotected sex‎ through genital fluids
‎ However, misinformation about the disease‎ caused huge problems
‎ Full of shame and misunderstanding
‎ This is how hysteria spreads
‎ yes
‎ How would you solve this problem?

‎ We will reopen proven sex education programmes
‎ IMHO sir‎ your class doesn 't work
‎ As a sexual health professional‎ I suggest you consider a custom curriculum‎ to provide our teens with the right tools
‎ Save them from this unwarranted shame
‎ What exactly are these tools?
‎ three words
‎ trust
‎ communication
‎ truth
‎ We need this!
‎ This is it!

‎ ok . . . thanks
‎ You are sexy when you are passionate
‎ okay
‎ Of course he has a training plan ‎ Rhodes
‎ Coach says he has to concentrate
‎ He couldn 't concentrate after breaking up with the girl
‎ It 's normal for him to have his first heartbreak
‎ I told you‎ we shouldn 't let him date her
‎ That 's my fault
‎ What? How do you bring the point of the matter to yourself?
‎ - Am I here too? ‎ - we know
‎ you 're right mom
‎ I haven 't been paying attention lately
‎ But I really want to stay the course‎ I 'll make you proud
‎ you two
‎ I promise
‎ please‎ stop arguing
‎ (Joan Parahiri, 'A Strange Land' ‎ Virginia Woolf, 'The Fiery Migration')
‎ (We should all be feminists)

‎ Otis Okay so. . .
‎ Did you know that my brain has natural organizing skills?
‎ There are three appointments for you today
‎ I don 't know where, when and who to see my appointment
‎ - Dude! ‎ - sorry don 't get mad at me buddy
‎ I will write it down with a pen later
‎ Who 's next on the list?
‎ we talked to everyone‎ and they all said they were not sick
‎ At least we tried our best buddy
‎ - Rumors always die out‎ - Who do you think passed it on to you?
‎ I swear it was that choir chick Fiona
‎ She fucked all the guys in school
‎ she 's so horny dude
‎ We need to talk to the girls again
‎ Speaking of horny sexy moments‎ How were you and Euler yesterday?
‎ I don 't want to talk about this topic
‎ how? What happened?
‎ bad
‎ something bad happened
‎ What 's wrong?

‎ - Euler and I want you to know . . . ‎ - Sleeping?
‎ Not only do we want to do anything else but kiss her . . .
‎ - Handjob you? ‎ - I can 't help it . . .
‎ - hard up‎ - so now I wonder
‎ Maybe it 's because I masturbate a lot‎ My dick can 't get hard anymore
‎ Eric this is not funny
‎ Who is there?
‎ I don 't want to come out because the topic you 're discussing is weird and embarrassing I think I 'll be embarrassed
‎ You should wash your hands you dirty bastard!
‎ I don 't have a bowel movement
‎ I 'm crying

‎ ok hope you 're ok
‎ thank you
‎ what a freak
‎ nice dude
‎ great
‎ let 's get started
‎ good
‎ Fuck! Damn it! what a fuck!
‎ Get the coach and call an ambulance!

‎ No . . .
Active ingredient disease
‎ Smallpox is gone Mrs Gibbs
‎ I 'll call you later
‎ - Willie, you are not allowed to come to school‎ - Okay listen to me
‎ I know you don 't think so‎ but I should have a chance to go back to school
‎ You 're right about my family‎ I did wrong‎ but I don 't want to be like them
‎ I know I have potential
‎ I believe I can be a useful person in this school
‎ How to say this?
‎ These student essays give schools a high average
‎Every article is written by me
‎ leave my office now
‎ read
‎ If you let me go back to school‎ I won 't tell everyone‎ There 's all kinds of cheating in your school
‎ If you don 't leave my office right away‎ I will call the police
‎ What 's the matter?
‎ The president is back and she wants to visit the new gym
‎ willie out
‎ - You are back‎ - Just come and see
‎ - You changed your hairstyle‎ - Really observant
‎ How are you doing? I. . .
‎ miss you
‎ It 's time for you to go to class
‎ good
‎ okay
‎ Do you play goth-biting dick guys?
‎ I think you 're lost
‎ The pretzel shop is back at the mall
‎ yes
‎ I just saw Carl Mason‎ using your car as a skateboard
‎ fucking
‎ Everyone takes off their masks, really
‎ But teacher Fiona‎ spread chlamydia to everyone
‎ Tell them it 's not true
‎ You were supposed to be my friends
‎ to see if she is okay
‎ hurry up
‎ Okay who wants to understand molecules?
‎ Good Afternoon Modell Secondary School
‎ I 'm a former student here Maeve Wiley‎ aka 'Dick Bite'
‎ I am here to read some excellent award-winning essays to you
‎ Get started with Ruby Matthews ' excellent essay‎ on Shakespeare 's relationship to female empowerment
‎ Ruby‎ This is a great example, right?
‎ It 's just that you don 't know because I wrote it
‎ - Well then . . . ‎ - Come on, teacher, there 's a fight
‎ Fight!
‎ It is most useful to start studying these topics through the subject of marriage, as this is the basic framework within which most of Shakespeare 's heroines function.
‎ The women in Othello and Much Ado About Nothing‎ aim to be in control when choosing who to marry‎ or whether they have to get married
‎ Desdemona defies her father 's orders‎ and decides to marry Othello
‎ Shocking and extraordinary
‎ Maeve!
‎ - What are you doing? ‎ - I don 't care anymore, right?
‎ Willie!
‎ What the hell is going on?
‎ nothing
‎ Just reading some non-plagiarized‎ Top excellent essay bloggers smiling
‎ What is she talking about?
‎ Are you going to tell her or me?
‎ Every year we celebrate the teaching achievements of Model Secondary School by reading out the outstanding essays written by the students‎
‎ This is Maeve Wiley‎ One of the brightest students at our school
‎ She recently joined our Talent Program
‎ So you ask students to read their compositions aloud during class?
‎ Yes
‎ This is . . . tradition
‎ A silly tradition‎ We must stop now
‎ STD outbreaks, group suspensions
‎ Excuse me what happens next?
‎ Teaching with little monkeys instead of teachers? Creationism?
‎ It 's a mess

‎ Let 's Go Maeve
‎ - Mr. Shanz you . . . ‎ - I think Chairman
‎ would love to know‎ your son won an essay award by cheating‎ and you know about it
‎ Maeve will go back to school

‎ Too intense for me to find help
‎ There 's nothing scarier than a woman fighting
‎ - what? ‎ - I 'm gone
‎ Otis! let me . . . get out of the way Otis
‎ We need to act
‎ - Will they kill each other? ‎ - no
‎ When I say 'we' ‎ I actually mean 'you' Go!
‎ No! Why?
‎ Ladies, sorry to bother you, can you please stop playing?
‎ Eric!
‎ - What the fuck is going on? ‎ - Ok Gwen and Martha
‎ Thought Fiona gave them chlamydia‎ but she didn 't
‎ So we checked all the boys who slept with them‎ They are not sick, right?

‎ God bless him
‎ - How is Owen 's name on it? ‎ - Who is Owen?
‎ - that person‎ - what? That kid from the meaningless acapella group?
‎ To Gwen and Martha all the time sleeping with him
‎ He was always crying in the toilet because they wanted to keep it a secret
‎ - How did you know that? ‎ - because I know everything
‎ Otis needs help
‎ Omg it 's time to take action


‎ - You slut! ‎ - Whore!
‎ Slut!
‎ You gave me chlamydia!
‎ Don 't . . .
‎ Otis!
‎ Otis?
‎ Great!
‎ I 'm sorry. . .
‎ Speak Out Loud Okay? Is it okay to speak through the diaphragm?
‎ Say it
‎ Owen has something to say, right Owen?
‎ What?
‎ I passed the chlamydia to Martha and Gwen
‎ I found out that I was sick and went for treatment
‎ but didn 't tell them I might have infected them

‎ - Why not tell them? ‎ - Why not tell them?
‎ They are ashamed of sleeping with me
‎ I 'm obviously boring and not cool
‎Imagine‎ if they knew I had an STD
‎ There 's nothing shameful about you having chlamydia
‎ But it 's not right to lie
‎ It 's not right to lie
‎ We all have flaws‎ Our bodies do things that we cannot control
‎ But we can always be honest with people and that can be controlled
‎ Owen, I feel like being someone else 's secret‎ I feel so wronged
‎ But then you have to be honest with your sexual partner
‎ That 's what they asked for
‎ I will
‎ and. . . ‎ you should probably tell your girlfriend about your jerking off.
‎ The truth will set you free
‎ I do not want to receive psychotherapy
‎ I honestly didn 't want to go to psychotherapy either
‎ I think we 've had enough of you today‎ go

‎ Owen
‎ superfluous
‎ This school is a mess
‎ I will come and check every month‎ Hope to see the situation turn around
‎ understand
‎ very good
‎ Hi Grove Principal
‎ I wonder when Adam will be back
‎ He 's not coming back
‎ - oh‎ - don 't worry Eric
‎ My son won 't make your life miserable anymore
‎ good
‎ thank you
‎ Why is he talking to her? ‎ Are ugly noses popular in France?
‎ I like your shirt
‎ I like your shirt too Eric
‎ Well, it 's not really ugly
‎ hi
‎ hey
‎ we need to talk
‎ Yes. . .

‎ sorry
‎ What 's the matter with you?
‎ I think I 'm addicted to jerking off
‎ I 'm just starting but can 't seem to stop‎ I think I 'm doing it too much‎ Maybe breaking my dick
‎ That 's why I can 't stand up

‎ okay
‎ If you want to break up with me, I understand
‎ You are very different Otis‎ but I don 't want to break up with you
‎ We are new to this
‎ Let 's figure it out together, okay?

‎ good
‎ Stop kissing my daughter

‎ Just kidding, I 'm here to fuck you
‎ sorry
‎ Jackson
‎ your metacarpal fracture
‎ will be in a cast for six weeks
‎ Sorry for not being able to swim recently
‎ - Can I get someone to sign some forms? ‎ - good
‎ What happened?
‎ Mom, I 'm fine, I 'm really fine
‎ I was distracted
‎ Was a silly accident okay?
‎ good
‎ silly kid
‎ (A Defense of Women 's Rights ‎ by Mary Wollstonecraft)
‎ (until I tell him)
‎ What do you want me to take over? paint?
‎ Yes
‎ hi
‎ Do you need help?
‎ I didn 't ask for help

‎ Looks like we 're neighbors, I 'm Joe
‎ That ungrateful bastard is Isaac
‎ I 'm Maeve‎ I don 't like to make noise
‎ good
‎ Otis too long!
‎ I 'm afraid there is no hot water
‎ If you have no opinion, I will take a look at your boiler
‎ - Want a smoothie? ‎ - Don 't!
‎ gosh
‎ I 'm Jane Milburn
‎ Jane I am the President of Model Middle School‎ Maxine Tarrington
‎ Sorry for calling you so early‎ I attended a parent meeting
‎ I agree with what you said
‎ The current state of sex education in our school is appalling
‎ need to reflect
‎ I can recommend some good people‎ to help modify the curriculum‎ if you want
‎ Or can I ask you to come?

‎ dude
‎ I think chlamydia is cured

‎ Which group does Maeve belong to?
‎ She was alone‎ until she started a sex clinic with Otis‎ and they were always inseparable
‎ Now that she 's back‎ don 't know if they 'll start over
‎ You should know, right? ‎ Your clinic won 't survive without Maeve
‎ You run this weird clinic and she 's the key
‎ So it 's closed now
‎ I 've known you since you were nine, but you 're happiest when you talk about people 's genitals
‎ I thought you were involved in this thing to gain status
‎ I have a good time by myself
‎ talk to her
‎ go
‎ - hey‎ - hi
‎ Do you want to go back to your old job?
‎ Want to go back?
‎ The clinic was founded by me
‎ Now I 'm not interested
‎ I need you
‎ Otis, you didn 't want to do this at first
‎ Why not give up?
‎ Because we are good at it?
‎ And. . .
‎ I learned something‎ I know it sounds silly but it 's true
‎ don 't do it
‎ I will increase your share by 50%
‎ - 70%‎ - 60%
‎ deal
‎ - Purely for the money‎ - Yes
‎ It feels good to reopen


‎ Subtitle translation: Yang Haixia
