





0 0 : 0 2 : 0 2 , 2 4 7 - -&gt; 0 0 : 0 2 : 0 3 , 9 1 5 ‎ Jimmy? ‎ yes
‎ it 's me
‎ I 'm fine



‎ NETFLIX Original Series‎ (Arejo)
‎ Are you sure?
‎ Ok, stay put and call me if you have any questions
‎ It looks like no one has ever walked that road‎ Officially there must be no ‎ dead bodies, vans are still there

‎ There are two flatbeds passing by‎ and they will clean up
‎ As if it never happened‎ As for whoever is stalking you?
‎ We are lucky if we can find him
‎ If you can 't find it, you have to look for it. He doesn 't know where the hell is.

‎ don 't sleep yet
‎ We have to think about what you say

‎ OK, come on
‎ (Bail Cashier)



‎ Di Guzman, Netherlands


‎ - Seven million? ‎ - yes


‎ I 'm fine
‎ seven million
‎ Your client has seven million‎ Where did the money come from? ‎ I 'm not qualified to ask customers where the money comes from
‎ Who are your customers?
‎ Hehedi Guzman


Predecessor?
‎ These are extra

‎ What about Mr. Di Guzman?
‎ ( Metropolitan Detention Center)

‎ You must have a story to tell
‎ Yes, there is a problem with the car
‎ Break down about six miles from the payment point
‎ You know where the phone can 't receive a signal, right?
‎ car problem
‎Yes, it 's broken‎ (Regional Correctional Center‎ 415 Roma Avenue, NM)
‎ So. . .
‎Why so long? ‎ Back to the main road is not that far
‎ You didn 't hitch a ride?
‎ I thought about it‎ but you know, seven million cash
‎ I 'm a little afraid of who will load me
‎ I don 't think it 's worth the risk
‎ So go north
‎ Probably not the smartest thing to do, but after a night lost in the desert, I did it


‎ It was the right decision‎ Hey . . . you did a great job

‎ Anyway, I wouldn 't be too happy
‎ Seven million is undoubtedly a big flare
‎ they are checking you
‎ I don 't know how long 'Hehedi Guzman' can lie
‎Listen, by the time these idiots figure it out‎ I 'll be running away

‎ Back home in Mexico, understand?
‎ yes
‎ Hey . . . ! But don 't worry, you 're not done with me
‎ We will do great things together
‎ Friends of crime syndicates, right?
‎ - yes‎ - good


‎ Did my cousin pay you?
‎ have
‎ very good
‎ Remember to buy something nice for your wife‎ She is such a beauty‎ I . . . what?
‎ Yes! she came to me
‎ Hey, good job?
‎ To be able to marry such a beautiful wife
‎ You are so nice
‎ Admirable, you know?



‎ I help you
‎ Okay
‎ gosh, jimmy, you gotta go to the ER
‎ I 'm fine, I 'm clean at the truck stop
‎ Well, at least let you hang a little bit? ‎ You are dehydrated
‎ No, I don 't need a drip‎ I 've been drinking sports drinks
‎ - I 'm really fine‎ - ok
‎ But you must take a bath‎ It 's good for your skin



‎ What is this? Wheat porridge?
‎ is oatmeal, oatmeal bath, anti-inflammatory
‎ Helps with your sunburn

‎ - Is the temperature ok? ‎ - Yes, very good
‎ Are you sure?
‎ yes
‎ OK, would you like something to eat‎ or something to drink?
‎ No, I 'm fine
‎ I just need to sit down and it 's fine








‎ I can 't believe you 're alone‎ 3 6 hours in the desert
‎ I . . . I can 't even think about it
‎ That 's right
‎ just me


‎ So. . .
‎ Do you have something to tell me?
‎ - About what? ‎ - Lalo
‎ Have you met Lalo? ‎ Yes
‎ Jimmy, aside from calling the police‎ Lalo is my only clue to clarify . . .
‎ Xiao Jin, you must stay away from people like Lalo
‎ - Jimmy‎ - You don 't want to see Lalo‎ I want to see Lalo, understand?
‎ - I 'm an insider, you 're not‎ - what?
‎ What game?
‎ It was safe
‎ I 'm in a detention center, surrounded by guards‎ It 's like a lawyer visiting a client, okay?
‎ but he is not your client
‎ He 's my client, so please leave it alone
‎ Jimmy, I 'm worried about you
‎ I 'm worried about you too
‎ Xiaojin, I was in the wilderness

‎ I thought I couldn 't take it anymore
‎ I thought I was dead
‎ I almost gave up
‎ The only thing that keeps me going
‎ Just knowing you 're here
‎ so. . . ‎ good
‎ I 'm not going to see Lalo again‎ Okay
‎ good




‎ suffer so much
‎ Is it worth it?
‎ You go to the bag‎ The bag in the living room
‎ on a chair‎ grey bag



‎ Did you see it?
‎ Yes, Jimmy
‎ I see
‎ That 's it



‎ (Pauls Restaurant)
‎ Six people, three cars, and a lot of firepower
‎ I guess they 're stalking Salamanca 's cousins ​​from Chihuahua
‎ Chasing after the money, but not wanting to meet those two people
‎ I 'm not an expert, but they have tattoos‎ Same symbol I saw on the east coast case‎
‎ It 's the Columbia Gang‎ draw me



‎ These people are employed
‎ Hired by whom?
‎ ( Hidago Golf Course )
‎ ( Player One‎ Distance - Ball Speed ​​- Range) ‎ ( Club - Swing Element‎ Flight Angle)

‎ I believe you heard good news
‎ Gustavo, what good news?
‎ Our colleague released by US authorities
‎ It 's sky-high, but he 's free
‎ I heard that he will go back to his hometown to continue his business
‎ That 's great news, but you say he 's going back south? ‎ That 's right
‎ Only confiscation of bail will keep him out of jail
‎ Well then, everything will be back to normal
‎ I believe your bad luck will pass
‎ Bad luck?
‎ DEA, fire, caught
‎ I hope everything is over
‎ Yes, I believe the next few weeks‎ will be the best time for us
‎ Very good, I will pass on the good news

‎ thank you and have a nice evening


‎ The person who just spoke to me on the phone is the one who launched the attack
‎ Is it someone we need to worry about?
‎ He wants to protect our cause by
‎ to protect his own business
‎ If he wants to help . . .
‎ He doesn 't know what we want to do
‎ By the time Salamanca goes back south of the border‎ We must act impeccably
‎ Anything that damages my reputation‎ will not end well
‎ Okay How 's it going?
‎ One more thing we should discuss

‎ Nachuwaga, he wants to quit
‎ He did what we asked him to ‎ He kept his promises
‎ I think it 's time to cut ties with him
‎ I see no reason to give up an asset
‎ Once Salamanca 's problem is resolved‎ we won 't need Waga
‎ They 're the only one on their side
‎He disappeared‎ and Salamanca 's business would fall apart

‎ Vaga to stay
‎ control your opponent, preferably without their knowledge‎

‎ You put a gun at his dad 's head
‎ I can 't accept this
‎ You want to keep Waga long term
‎ I don 't think fear is a good trigger
‎ A dog that bites its owner
‎ Discipline only with an iron fist
‎ or culling

‎ He has business tonight
‎ Say goodbye to Hector tomorrow morning
‎ Then I will take him to the South‎ He didn 't tell me where to go
‎ I only know to let him off halfway
‎ Someone will take him across the border‎ That 's all?
‎ Yes, hey
‎ After he goes back, it 's nothing to do with me, right?
‎ Do what you want to do‎ Don 't worry about the rest






‎ hey
‎ Are you hungry?
‎ Good breakfast cereal? ‎ Or do you want my omelet?
‎ Cereal for breakfast
‎ No, I 'll get it
‎ you take it easy




‎ Are you going to join the company late today?
‎ I want to stay home today
‎ Kim, I can take care of myself
‎ I 'm on sick leave, so you can 't get rid of me




‎ Damn!
‎ rely on
‎ - I 'm sorry‎ - it 's okay
‎ Looks like my stomach isn 't ready for this
‎ it doesn 't matter

‎ no big deal





‎ Are you sure you don 't need to join the company?
‎ I 'm sure, we both need to take it easy
‎ How about not doing anything today?
‎ sounds good
‎ Hi, Skinny Monkey
‎ - hello, Ruth‎ - here comes Messi‎ hello, is the King of the Universe there?
‎He 's there, but in a bad mood‎ The crown must have been stolen
‎ - Want to announce your arrival? ‎ - No, I 'll say it myself
‎ Bruce, you better wait here. I 'll be back in ten minutes
‎Ten minutes away from you is too long
‎ - What did you say? ‎ - what?
‎ - that . . . ‎ - say ah
‎ Say it
‎ I just said‎ ten minutes is too long to be apart from you
‎ I heard it the first time‎ I like to hear it, that 's why I asked you to say it again
‎ I can stand being pampered‎ The person I 'm going to meet is rarely pampered
‎ I 'd rather spoil him once ‎ Are you sure you don 't want me to accompany you?
‎ - No, I can handle it‎ - If things get out of hand, remember I 'm here



‎ Hi Heaty, welcome back
‎ Sal Goodman, Speeding up Justice for You

‎ I 'm sorry, I can 't help you today‎ I can 't help you

‎ Yes, that 's right

‎ Wait, what did they say?
‎ You . . . ?
‎ Wait for me 4 5 minutes and I 'll be there
‎ What? Jimmy, don 't
‎ Yes, you tell them I 'm coming over
‎ Jimmy . . . ‎ You have trouble walking, what are you doing?
‎ My client is in big trouble

‎ They 're canceling his plea talks‎ because his friend has marijuana
‎ What? Okay
‎ Then apply for adjournment‎ You don 't have to deal with it today.
‎ No, this guy is scared to death
‎ I don 't want his heart hanging there

‎ Jimmy, I know you 're lying
‎ I know terrible things happened in the desert


‎ This has nothing to do with our agreement‎ I will not insist or force you to tell me
‎ I just . . .
‎ I want you to know that I am with you
‎ You can tell me, okay?
‎ I don 't criticize
‎ will not criticize
‎ You 're right‎, something did happen there

‎ When I was in the desert
‎ Having to drink one 's own urine
‎ I 'm out of water‎ To survive, I have to drink urine
‎ That 's it, so... . .
‎ you know now
‎ I 'll be fine‎ We never have to talk about this again‎ I 'm going to change and rush over





‎ Xiao Jin, are you feeling better?
‎ Yes, it 's over after a while
‎ I would say should be in the company‎ Preparing for the Colorado conference
‎ They made it ahead to this morning‎ Xiao Dai took care of it
‎ Didn 't Pod City Council Delay?
‎ Xiaodai clarifies the problem of conditional use‎ and everything is pushed forward
‎ great

‎ great
‎ That . . .
‎ good
‎ You 're going to write to Bronfield 's planning committee
‎ Yes, that 's right
‎ I 'll start processing‎ Please give me the list
‎ - already on your desk‎ - of course, fine


‎ First letter to Mr. Aman Bakalis‎ Chair of the Planning Zoning Committee
‎ Remember to send a copy to the vice chair
‎ Elaine Perlman, Working Together
‎ Dear Mr. Bakalis
‎ Mesa Verde Bank Trust‎ solemnly makes the following request for your reference
‎ About Resolution No.
‎ PZ 2 0 0 4 - 3 6 Variation Appeal
‎ Six and a half feet of encroachment allowed . . .
‎ Minimum required land setback
‎ Minimum required land setback
‎ Do the canopy fast, allow . . . ‎ cross out, urge . . .
‎ Easy Access‎ 841 North Avenue‎ You can call his assistant‎ and ask him what he 's up to now?

‎ Kim, they told me you were on sick leave today‎ Yes, no, I . . . Ricky, are you free to talk? ‎ Yes, are you alright?
‎ It 's alright, I 'll be fine right away

‎ What 's the matter?
‎ I . . .






‎ What?




‎ Marcy, can you do me a favor?
‎ Copy all non-profit files‎ and send the original files to my home
‎ Also, no hurry, but please pack my diploma and photos in the box
‎ Are we changing offices?
‎ I don 't want you to worry, I talked to Ricky‎ You will be reassigned to other partners
‎ Wait, reassignment?
‎ they will want these
‎ I stopped at the usual place
‎ If I leave anything in the car‎ I will pack it with


‎ Thank you, Marcy

‎ - Good luck‎ - Kim . . .





‎ listen
‎ Sliver will be looking for me like crazy for months
‎ Possibly a year
‎ and then as usual‎ and wait for the wind to pass
‎ before that
‎ Ignatius or others‎ will meet your needs
‎ Theo, please don 't do this
‎ We still have a lot of tricks to deal with Flynn
‎ Eladio will be persuaded by me when I go back
‎ I 'll make sure he gets tired of the chicken guy
‎ when
‎ Everything about Forint
‎ will be ours
‎ Eleven months later, Duke will be released from prison‎ He will be in charge of the business here
‎ I know . . . Duke is impatient
‎ As soon as he takes drugs, he... . .
‎ We 'll find someone to watch him
‎ Don 't let him touch drugs
‎ hello
‎ We 're going to bring out the cake‎ to help one of the residents, Louise 's birthday
‎ Everyone wants to sing together‎ Hector really doesn 't want to miss it
‎ OK, can you wait for us?



‎ Family is everything

‎ All right, everyone
‎ happy birthday to you
‎ happy birthday to you
‎ Happy birthday to Lois
‎Happy birthday to you‎ Where are you going?
‎ to the border
‎ ( Serene House)



‎ Hey, what happened just now?
‎ Don 't be sad, you can 't win every time
‎ But the case just now? ‎ I thought I lost
‎ I have no chance of winning
‎ But I just won
‎ Surprise comeback
‎ You rush to the line with the ball
‎ Drop the ball!
‎ Law Students Take  'Goodman Rout ' ‎ as Opportunity Education
‎ This is the bare minimum
‎ You will help those children learn‎
‎ What not to do
‎ Very humiliating‎ You might have to change your name again

‎ Hey, I just wanted to tell you‎ I won 't look down on you
‎ Are you still a lawyer?



‎ You can always speak up
‎ You say this feeling will pass‎ So what 's the time like?
‎ I guess it varies from person to person
‎ In my case, when will this feeling end?
‎ it 's like this
‎ one day
‎ One day you will wake up
‎ eat breakfast, brush your teeth, and do your own thing
‎ sooner or later
‎ you will find
‎ You didn 't remember it‎ Not at all‎ that moment
‎ You find that you can forget it ‎ When you know it 's possible ‎ everything becomes easier
‎ What about you? ‎ Doesn 't what happened there upset you?
‎ They want to steal seven million, I can 't take it
‎ Not to mention they want to blow your head off
‎Either they die or we live‎ Simple as that
‎ They are insiders
‎ What about Fred?
‎ online travel that
‎ Is he an insider?

‎ not
‎ What happened there went horribly wrong
‎ Yes, Lalo
‎ Lalo killed the man, for what?
‎ He killed the man and we helped him

‎ Do these things just to . . .
‎ Get him out of jail and escape sanctions?
‎ The story is not over
‎Wait, what does that mean?
‎ 'The story is not over', what are you talking about? ‎ Did you mean what I thought? ‎ Will something happen to Lalo? ‎ I didn 't say that
‎ Gosh, what have I gotten myself into?
‎ - You tell me directly, you mean . . . ‎ - listen

‎ We all choose
‎ Those choices lead us down a path
‎ Sometimes those choices seem small‎ but they just set you on a path
‎ you want to leave

‎ but will come back eventually
‎ This Road We Take‎ Takes Us to the Desert‎ Where That Happens
‎ Take us back to where we are now
‎ how are you . . .
‎ are powerless
‎ Do you understand? ‎ I can 't believe it
‎ I Can 't Believe‎ There are billions of people on the planet
‎ The only person I can talk about is you


‎ Do you want me to wait with you?
‎ no
‎ they will come
‎ Really, let 's go
‎ Are you sure?
‎ yes
‎ I will contact you again
‎ hey, that fire you put in the Fulin restaurant
‎ Well done‎ We will do more
‎ you wait and see

‎ no problem






‎ Take me back to the main road and drive slowly
‎ what to do?
‎ Just do it, go back six or seven miles


‎ What are we looking for?
‎ Lawyer says his car broke down
‎ Where is it six miles from where the payment was made?
‎Wait, let me get off here





‎ let 's go
‎ Back to Albuquerque
‎ What about Marco and Leona?
‎ What to do? ‎ I 'll leave a message for them, let 's go






Good rice?
‎ Are you okay?
‎ All right, what time is it?
‎ half past six
‎ Excuse me, do you want to go back to sleep?
‎ No, I 'm up
‎ You can still go to the doctor‎ and it 's okay to have a check
‎ I 'm fine
‎ I think I just need to eat
‎ How long have I not eaten
‎ I haven 't eaten since I came back
‎ good
‎ Maybe take it slow and drink some soup first
‎ I 'm fine, Kim, really
‎ I know
‎ good‎ good
‎ How about you? You seem to be . . . ‎ a little worried?

‎ No, just . . .
‎ I have some news, but can wait
‎ - Let you eat first‎ - What news?
‎ - What news? ‎ - not a bad thing
‎ So good news?
‎ I think so
‎ great, tell me



‎ I . . .
‎ Resigned from the law firm of Swarka &amp; Cockley
‎ Also dropped Mesa Verde


‎ Shall we eat together?
‎ etc
‎ What happened? ‎ Is someone talking about us? ‎ - No‎ - Is that Ricky?
‎No one said anything‎ It 's just that I felt right‎ 'It felt right,' how do you say? ‎ I . . .
‎ I keep lining up the Mesa Verde thing to do my pro bono case, and then
‎ you are missing
‎ I don 't know what happened
‎ I thought you were dead, so...


‎ Those things . . . add up to help me


‎ See what 's important
‎ So you just throw it all away? ‎ These are the things you fought so hard for
‎ I 'm not throwing it away‎ I 've been at Swarka &amp; Cockley
‎ I did the Mesa Verde case‎ Those are my accomplishments
‎ I have those experiences‎ but I just can 't be happy‎ Listen, I 'm having a hard time these days
‎ Why don 't you wait for a while before making a final decision?
‎ Call Ricky and tell him you 're reconsidering
‎ I 've spoken to Ricky‎ and called Peggy
‎ We talked for a long time, and it was decided
‎ Then I spent all afternoon‎ in court with pro bono clients‎ No Mesa Verde thing to bother me
‎ I haven 't had such a great afternoon in a long time‎ Well, public interest cases are great‎ but public interest means no money

‎ Then what are your plans?
‎ I don 't know, but I 'll figure it out
‎ Well, get out of Swaka, I can understand‎ there 's a bunch of self-righteous guys out there
‎ But Mesa Verde?
‎ That would be like leaving the Yankees ‎ to play amateur hoops
‎ No, I am leaving a place where ‎ has not changed the world at all
‎ to help those in real need
‎ this is a bad idea
‎ What?
‎ Listen, we all choose
‎ Those choices lead us down a path‎ These paths have good choices and bad choices

‎ This is a bad path
‎ - What the hell are you talking about? ‎ - I . . .
‎ I mean, bad choices will lead you down bad paths
‎ take you to a bad place
‎ When you decided to be Sal Goodman‎ I don 't understand
‎ Actually, I still don 't understand
‎ but I support your decision‎ I didn 't change my identity‎ I just quit my job
‎ This is totally different from what I do
‎ - Where is it? ‎ - because I am for success and leave failure‎ no difference‎ you believe that is right for you
‎ Just please believe me too ‎ I do it for me
‎ I want you to see the truth
‎ Then I want you to recognize the truth‎ It 's none of your business





‎ - What 's the matter? ‎ - listen to me
‎ Put your phone down‎ Don 't turn it off so I can hear it
‎ So that you can hear what?
‎ do as I say
‎ Keep your phone where it won 't be seen
Good rice







‎ hello
‎ May I go in?
‎ Lalo
‎ I thought you were back in the South
‎ enjoy your freedom
‎ Yeah, this one
‎ I have something to deal with
‎ Just tell you he 'll be back
‎ Well, I like it
‎ Hey, what would you like to drink? ‎ We have beer in the fridge
‎ unless you don 't have to stay long
‎ You shouldn 't . . . sorry
‎ sorry, you shouldn 't do that‎ it will make the fish uncomfortable









‎ listen, you want to talk, we can talk
‎ But Kim was going out, so . . .
‎ No, she can stay
‎ She 's part of the law team, right?
‎ relax, sit down‎ we 're just going to talk
‎ come, sit down‎ Okay



‎ so

‎ tell me what happened
‎ What happened?
‎ when you go to get the money
‎ tell me the details
‎Didn 't I already tell you?
‎ yes
‎ Well, I 'll go get your cousin 's money
‎ Right where you told me
‎ On the way back, my car broke down
‎ About six or seven miles away from the payment point
‎ Mobile phone not receiving signal
‎ So I went north
‎ Cross the desert all night
‎ I got some sleep
‎ But in the morning I kept walking‎ until the rest stop
‎ I went to the toilet to freshen up‎ I bought some clothes and called a taxi
‎ Send the money over‎ They spend hours calculating the money‎ The usual red tape‎ Then I see you



‎ say it again

‎ What?
‎ say it again
‎ I took the money from those two gentlemen

‎ After about ten minutes of driving, my car broke down
‎ Mobile phone not receiving signal
‎ I 'm afraid to hitch a ride because there 's too much money
‎ I also ran out of water‎ so I had to drink my own urine
‎ Also drank a lot‎ You want details, this is it
‎ Then I finally got to the rest stop
‎ Just called a taxi and waited ‎ Then he took me directly to the courthouse
‎ I paid to keep you out
‎ I 'm not sure what you want to know, but

‎ That 's all

‎ I just want to hear stories

‎ Lalo, he told me the same, so you can . . .
‎ I just want to hear stories

‎ I mean
‎ I spent a lot of money on that story
‎ I think I can listen to it as many times as I want



‎ so
‎ say it again

‎ I took two big bags of money
‎ seven million
‎ You gave me money to get it ‎ Two heavy bags of money‎ I put them in the trunk
‎ about ten minutes
‎ My car 's engine hung up‎ I tried to fix it‎ but it overheated or what?
‎ So I walked north across the desert‎ I kept walking and kept walking
‎ Carrying those two heavy bags of money
‎ I kept walking and kept walking‎ until I finally got to the rest stop‎ I went to the toilet
‎ A head shoved under the tap
‎ I bought a big box of energy drinks‎ and waited after calling a taxi
‎ I don 't know what 's wrong, but
‎ Can you let her go? ‎ she doesn 't need to be here
‎ She has nothing to do with it, it 's all about me, it 's all about me - it 's all about you? ‎ - yes

‎ What have you done, Thrall? ‎ whatever you think I did
‎ - I don 't really know, I just . . . ‎ - I saw your car


‎ - OK‎ - you pushed it down the ravine?
‎ What am I?
‎ Do you push the car into the ravine? ‎ - I don 't think so‎ - do you think no?
‎ Yes is there, No is not
‎ What is it like?

‎ I don 't know what you want‎ Do you want to get your money back?
‎ It 's in a bag in another room‎ You can take it
‎ I just want to know what happened
‎ - I told you so‎ - have you?
‎ listen, all right
‎ Are you kidding me now?
‎ - Xiao Jin‎ - Do you know what he did for you? ‎ Your seven million dollars
‎He carried that money across the damn desert‎ Not a dime
‎ He saves you from going to jail for murder
‎ Let 's face it, you must be guilty
‎ He did exactly what you said
‎ What lawyer would do to his level?

‎ What are you implying? ‎ What do you want?

‎ I found his car in a ravine
‎ There are bullet holes in the side of the car
‎ So I 'm waiting to hear what 's going on

‎ bullet hole
‎ That 's it?
‎ I don 't know what it 's like in your hometown
‎ But this is New Mexico
‎You leave a soda can outside‎ and someone will shoot at it
‎ Is this what you care about?
‎ Have you ever thought of the possibility that it might be a couple of hillbillies with guns shooting at a broken car and pushing it down a ravine?
‎ That 's it?
‎ What business are you in? ‎ tell me‎ because I think I know‎ why you sent him this job

‎ It 's obvious
‎ You have no one else to trust‎, right? ‎ That 's why you sent a lawyer to take your seven million across the desert?
‎ Sorry‎ but you really need to fix your own problems
‎ - Is it? ‎ - Yes, that 's right
‎ If you don 't mind giving money to your own people
‎ Then your problem‎ is bigger than trusting Sal Goodman
‎ I officially declare that he is not a liar
‎ Won 't lie to me or his clients‎ He 's telling you the truth
‎ But the next time you have a ton of money‎ when no one can be trusted
‎ Don 't bother him, okay? ‎ You go with a wire transfer
‎ or shell companies‎ Have you heard of the Cayman Islands? ‎ God, please cheer up
‎ Don 't torture this man who died to save you‎







‎ Now what?
‎ Mexico
‎ Going back to the same place?
‎ No, plans have changed
‎ Drive, Ignatius
‎ We have a long way to go






‎ Subtitle translation: ‎ Wu Yanzhen
