0 0 : 0 0 : 0 4 , 7 4 0 - - &gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 0 6 , 9 4 0 Oh, shutup.

Haven 't 'done' it in a while I t  ' sbeenawhile , huh ?
Can 't blame me D on  'tblameme.
It 's you who has the heart attack, not me
He means let you walk more I thinkhemeantwalksarou ndtheblock .
No he winked at me No , hewinkedatme ,
Then the lower body twisted like this a few times. . . anddidthislittlerotat ionwithhiships , like . . .


Do we have any plans for this weekend Hey , wegotanyplans this week end ?
I think we can start a small vegetable garden I thoughtmaybewecouldge tstartedonthevegetabl egarden ,
And then , ofcourse , churchon Sunday . That sounds funny Yeah , that doessoundfun , but you think I brought little George butwhatif , instead , I wastogoupto Bethy C reek
How about going to Cross Creek with G eorgieanddosomefishing ? When are you going to hold off on telling me Howlongyoubeenwaitingt ospringthatonme ?
Of course until I 'twist' my hips Well, nottill I wasdonerotatingmyhips.
You are dead You  ' reawful .
So how about Sowhatdoyousay ?
What about Sheldon?
How is he Whatabouthim?
George George .
You can 't always leave him alone. Youcan ' always leave himout.
I didn 't take him without I 'mnotleavinghimout.
You also know his attitude towards fishing You ouknowhowheisaboutfishing .
Get it away Get it away Getitaway , getitaway !
Calm down it 's just a little thing Calmdown , it  ' sanitty - bittything . No , I  ' manitty - bittything !
Who says you have to take him fishing W hosaysyouhavetotakehi mfishing ?
Find something else to do with him F indsomethingelsetodow ithhim .
Something he would like something he  ' dlike .
So why do we sit there all weekend meditating on Whatarewegonnado?
S p e n d   t h e   w e e k e n d   s i t t i n g   a r o u n d ,   t h i n k i n g ?
George George .
You have to make an effort You havetomakeaneffort
Grow up to be freak growuptobeoddballs . I don 't wanna poke reality darling but this guy is already weird Honey , I hatetotellyou , butthatballisalreadyp rettyodd .
Please P lease .
Okay okay Okay , fine .

I 'll go talk to him again and think of something to do I 'lltalktohim.
W e ' l l   t h i n k   o f   s o m e t h i n g .
Good then Good. Thank you T hankyou .
What are you laughing at What?
I just remember taking him camping before I was just remembering when n I tookhimcamping .
There are moths Moths Moth ! Moth !
Sheldon , it  ' sjustabutterfly .
Is this better Howisthatanybetter ? Butterfly , butterfly ! ♪ No one in the world is stronger than me♪ ♪ No bodyelseisstrongerth an I am ♪
♪ Yesterday I moved a mountain ♪ ♪ Y esterday I movedamountain ♪
♪ I believe I can be your hero♪ ♪ I bet I couldbeyourhero ♪
♪ I 'm an amazing little guy ♪ ♪ I amamightylittleman ♪
♪ I 'm an amazing little guy ♪ ♪ I amamightylittleman ♪
juvenile
Shelton
little brother Hey , pal .
Are you playing with your rockets? Playing with your rockets?
I am calculating ballistic coefficients I  ' mtryingtocalculatebal listiccoefficients .
It 's also funny Well, that  ' sfun , too.
It 's like I don 't have to work this weekend Li isten , I don  ' thavetoworkthisweeken d ;
I was wondering if you would be interested in doing something together I waswonderingifyouwant edtodosomethingtogeth er .
Like what?
You can do whatever you want W hateveryouwant .
My air purifier needs to change the filter Well, thefilteronmyairpurif ierneedstobechanged.
How about a trip to a department store together
For example, Likelastyear last year,
we went fishing wewentfishing . . .
Mom and Dad want to ask me to go fishing again M om !
D a d ' s   t r y i n g   t o   m a k e   m e   g o   f i s h i n g !
No no no no such thing No , no , it  ' sokay .
We didn 't go fishing We  'renotgoingfishing.
A llright , good . But seriously Butseriously ,
Is fishing really that bad wasfishingreallythatbad ?
Mom and Dad are trying to convince me again M om ! D ad  ' stryingtoconvinceme
Fishing isn 't that bad thatfishingwasn 'tthatbad!
Don 't do this Shh.Comeon!
Forget I said anythingaboutfishing . Forget I said anythingaboutfishing . Just think Justthinkaboutit ,
We will do what you are interested in and we  'lldowhateveryouwant .
Thank you Thankyou .
There is a space shuttle to launch this weekend. T hereisthelaunchingoft hespaceshuttlethiswee kend.
Space Shuttle S paceshuttle ?
Aren 't they all launched in Florida D on  ' ttheydothoseout of Florida ?
Yeah in Cape Canaveral Yes .
C ape Can anaveral . Sheldon , that  ' s - that  ' slikea 1 2 , 1 5 hourdrive .

I understand it doesn 't matter I understand .
N e v e r   m i n d .

Okay let 's go Youknowwhat ?
L e t ' s   d o   i t .
Would be interesting it 'llbefun.
The three Cooperboysonalittleadv adventure .
Not bad, Soundgood?
Good Soundsgood .
My plan is finally coming to fruition M yplan was coming togethe r .
I just need to get on the space shuttle I justneededtogetonthes huttle so I could finally escapethi sridiculousplanet .
Spoiler: I 'm still on this planet Spoileralert, I 'mstillhere.
Sheldon Jr. George and I S o , S heldon , meand G eorgie are taking a road trip this weekend aregonnatakealittlero adtripthisweekend ,
to see the space shuttle lift off seetheshuttlelaunch.
It seems that I have no right to speak.L ookslike I don  ' tgetavoteinthis .
good you are very good Oh , good , you  ' recatchingon . I wonder if we can meet the astronauts I wonderifwe  ' llgettomeetanastronau t .
I remember when I wasateenager,
Super obsessed with astronaut John Glenn Jr. I hadthebiggestcrushon John G lenn .
I was willing to give her 'that' I would  ' vegivenitupforhimnopr oblem .
- Mom - what to give him - M om . - Givenwhatup ?
Her allowance eats your meal Herallowance .
J u s t   e a t .
How long are you going S ohowlongareyougonnabe gone ? We leave early Saturday morning Oh , we  ' llleavefirstthing S aturdaymorning , stay at a motel for one night staythenightinamotel ,
And see the launchbright and early on Sunday. Can 't believe we 're going to see I can  'tbelievewe ' regoingtosee
A real spacecraft anactualworkingspacec raft .
Look how happy he is Lookhowhappyheis.
You are awesome Goodjob.
Why can 't I go to Howcome I don  ' tgettogo ? Because the three of you and my grandma want to play together  ' C auseyou , meand Meemawaregonnahaveouro wnfun .
Can we go shooting at the range C ouldweshootgunsattheg unrange ?
You are too young to go to the shooting range M m , you  ' retooyoungtogotothegu nrange .
Grandma took me to Meemawtookme.
We pull the hook and say we won 't leak what are you doing W epinkyswore .
W h a t   a r e   y o u   d o i n g ?
Forgot Oh , yeah .
Don 't listen to me D on  ' tlistentome .
Children love gibberish I don  ' tknowwhat I  ' msaying .
I know you like to just keep driving,
Drive straight to the destination but you can 't ignore and getwhere you  ' regoing , but you can  ' tignore
- Sheldon 's bathroom schedule - I know - hisbathroomschedule .
- I know . He is going to be on the trumpet first thing in the morning. Hegoesnumberonefirstth inginthemorning,in the afternoon once again in the evening thenagainintheafternoon, oncemoreinthelateafte rnoon,
About 4:00 to 4:30 to see how much juice he drinks say 4 : 0 0 , 4 : 3 0 , depending on hisjuicein take ,
Then take a small bubble andthen before bedtime, aquickpiddlebeforebed time.
' Little Bubbles ' got it ' Piddle . ' Gotit .
But the big one is more complicated No ow , numbertwo  ' salittletrickier .
Mary take it easy I can take care of my son Mary ? R elax .
I   c a n   t a k e   c a r e   o f   m y   s o n .
I know I know .
That 's good G ood. I just wanted to say I 'mjustsaying, if he 's not happy or nervous ifhe 's supsetornervous,
He will come out hecangetallcloggedup.
I won 't let this happen I won 'tletthathappen.
Thank you Thankyou .
Okay, let 's talk about food O kay , let  ' stalkaboutfood .
No need for None . He likes the meat to be cooked to at least 7 4 degrees He likeshismeatcookedto atleast 1 6 5 degrees ,
Chicken was 82 degrees except for chicken, whichis 180.
The food on the plate must be separated. Thedifferentfoodscan  ' ttoucheachotheronthep late .
Eat only bagged ketchup and mustard K etchupandmustardmustc omeoutofapacket .
Bottled No Bottles .
What about his issues with spaghetti What abouthis issues with spaghetti ?
This is a trap question T hat  ' satrickquestion .
He likes to eat pasta Helikesspaghetti .
Well I think you can handle Allright, I guessyougotthis.

Little George Georgie . Get up U pandat  'em .
Missy, where 's your brother Missy , where  ' syourbrother ?
Who cares who cares ?
Sheldon, are you in there?
Dad D ad ! Sorry little George S orry , G eorgie .

What 's wrong What  ' sgoingon ? I can 't find S heldon .
What do you mean you can 't find him What doyoumean , you can  ' tfindhim ?
I mean I don 't know where he went I mean I don  ' tknowwhereheis .
He must be somewhere at home Well , he  ' sgottobesomewhere .
Maybe his time machine finally works Maybehegotthattimemach inetowork .

Where the hell did you go? W herethehell . . .
George George .
Looks like he 's ready to go I thinkhe ' sreadytogo.

- Wait, George, where 's your duffel bag - no need - Wait , Georgie .
W h e r e ' s   y o u r   b a g ?   -   D o n ' t   n e e d   o n e .
Here 's my toothbrush Gotmytoothbrushrighthe re .
What about a change of clothes? What aboutclothes?
A changeofunderwear?
With Gotit .
George, you are going out for two days. G eorgie , you  ' regonnabegonefortwoda ys .
I can wear it in reverse I 'll turntheminsideout.
- I want the front seat - no no - S hotgun !
- No, no.
Occasionally change your brother to sit in the front seat Letyourbrothersitupfro ntforachange .
I actually prefer to sit in the back seat. I actually prefer sitting in theback.
Compare Safer It  ' ssafer .
Come and go to the front seat with your dad Oh , comeon , situpfrontwithyourdad dy .
He doesn 't have enough time with you. He edoesn  ' tgettospendenoughtime with you
I called for the front seat first I called shotgun .
George. We flip a coin to decide We 'llflipacoin.

Okay, Jr. George taking Allright 's side?
G e o r g i e ,   c a l l   i t .
Heads Heads .

is the word Tails .
- Damn - Sheldon you won - D angit . - S heldon , youwon .
You take the front seat Yougettorideupfront .
Can 't we win two out of three?
You win by getting on Youwon .
G e t   i n   t h e   c a r .
Is it pointless to call sitting in the front seat these days What  ' sthepointincallingsho tgun ?
You are a good dad You  ' reagooddad .
Call me good daddy when they both live past Sunday I f I don  ' tkilloneofthembefore Sunday , I  ' magooddad . Have fun Havefun .
Love you Loveyouguys .
Bye bye drive carefully B ye ! Drivesafe !
it 's a good idea it 's a really good idea Oh , thiswasagoodidea , thiswasagoodidea ,
is a good idea thiswasagoodidea .
This is a great idea T hiswasagoodidea .

Are you excited? I sn  ' tthisexciting ?
Only three of us girls don 't have stinky boys in the house. It  ' sjustusgirls , noboysinthehouse .
I feel that the home is already a little fragrant. T heplacealreadysmellsb etter .
What are we going to do together S owhatarewegonnado ? Are you interested Howwouldyoulike
Going to a beauty salon for a full cosmetic togotothebeautysalona ndgetalldoneup ?
Can I have orange hair like actress Cindy Loper Can I haveorangehairlike C yndi Lauper ?
No door I don  ' tthinkso .
Grandma had blue-haired friend Meemawhasfriendswithbl uehair .
It is indeed S he  ' sright . I haven 't got there yet I haven  ' tgonethereyet ,
But after a certain age it 's not good to be untainted butafteracertainage , it  ' smandatory .

You don 't want to dye your hair Yourhair  ' snotchangingcolor .
Sorry kid S orry , kiddo .
Your mom is the most boring Yourmomisnofun .
Excuse me I 'm funny ok E xcuseme , I  ' mfun .
So can I dye my hair? S o I cancolormyhair ? Don 't even think about it. No otachance .
But I am funny But I  ' mverymuchfun .
Deceive yourself as you wish W hateveryouneedtobelie ve .
Hitler Fuhrer Mein F uhrer .


Dad D ad ? What 's the matter Yeah ?
Are you interested in having a conversationW ouldyouliketohaveaconversation ?
Yes of course Yeah . Sure . A bsolutely .
ok what would you like to talk about A llright , whatwouldyouliketotal kabout ?
I think about U m , well , let  ' ssee . Have you ever thought about growing up U h . . . haveyougivenmuchthoug httowhatyouwanttobe
Which line to do whenyougrowup ?
Thought about I have .
Very good Great .

So what is A ndwhatwouldthatbe ?
Most likely the scientist O h. Mostlikely ascientist .
Unless I stay in Texas it 's probably when the cattle tycoon Unless I stayin Texas, then I 'mthinkingcattlebaron.
Cattle baron?
As long as I don 't need to touch the cowsAssuming I don  ' thavetotouchthecows .
This also goes without saying Goeswithoutsaying.
Did you want to be a rugby coach since you were a kidD idyoualwayswanttobeaf ootballcoach ?
I always wanted to play football Well , I always wanted to play .
A tleasttill I gothurt at least until I got hurt.

Are you playing well Wereyouagoodplayer ?
Not so good E h , notreally .
I was just bigger than the other kids I wasjustbiggerthantheo therkids .
So your bulk makes up for your mediocre S oyoucompensatedformed iocritybybeinglarge .
I think so I guess .
The same applies to cattle as well T hatworks for cattleaswe ll .
Thanks for pointing that out Oh , well , thanks for pointing that out .
You 're welcome You  ' welcome .
You better open the window Youmightwanttoopenawin dow .
To die Oh , boy .


My head is so hot M yheadissohot .
She is so interesting S heissuchahoot .

- Are you alright - all right - Youokay ? - Fine .
Well then don 't tell me O kay , don  ' ttellme .
Super hot S ohot . . . I don 't like you making me a bad guy I don  ' tlikeyoumakingmeoutto bethebadguy
just  ' cause I won  ' tletmydaughterdowhate vershewants .
I also gave you a lot of freedom before I gaveyoualotoffreedom ,
You are not fine now youturnedoutokay . You did not give me freedom Youdidn  ' tgivemefreedom .
You are always away from home Youwereneveraround .
I sthatso ? I guarantee I madesupperfor Charlene and Edward
more times than you everd id .
I basically raised them I basically raised  ' em . You think I was out dancing for fun? Youthink I wasoutdancing?
I was outworkingtwojobss oyourdaddycould
Turns out your dad ran a snap shop and lost all his money lostallourmoneyonthat damnchainof F otomats ! American chain stores that offer photo development services usually run in suburban supermarket parking lots or in business districts and that little stall gets blown down every time a typhoon comes I twasn  ' t D addy  ' sfaultthatthoselittle thingsblewover
It 's not Dad 's fault everytimetherewasasto rm .

Seriously, I 'm melting Seriously, I 'mmelting.
Dead armadillo D eadarmadillo.
I got three points T hat  ' sthreeforme .
This driving game sucks T hisisaterribledriving game .
Does it count as a roadkill if it 's still twitching I sitroadkillifit  'sstilltwitchin '?
Both dead and alive are like Schrodinger 's cat Huh , bothaliveanddead , justlike S chrodinger  ' scat .
I didn 't even know he had a cat I didn  ' tknowhehadacat .
Have you heard of Schrodinger You  ' veheardof Schrodinger ? Surely in Charlie Brown .
It 's actually the kid who plays the piano called sroder and charlie brown and lucy who play the piano for the same 'peanuts' character I t  ' sthekid from Charlie Brown .
Lucy had a crush on him Lucy  ' sgotacrushonhim .
Schrodinger 's cat is a thought experiment Schrodinger  ' scatisathoughtexperim ent . A cat is kept in a box and exposed to radioactive substances A catinaboxisexposedtop oison ,
The state of the cat before the box is opened is both alive and dead andisbothaliveanddead untilitisobserved.
Is that cat named Schrodinger Sothecat  ' snameis S chrodinger ?
Not No . So what is it called Well , what  ' sitsname ?
Its name doesn 't matter I tsnamedoesn 'tmatter.
It matters if the cat dies I tdoesifthecatwasdead.
Otherwise what name will be engraved on its tombstone O therwise , whatareyougonnaputonh istombstone ?
Not likely the cat  ' sgettingatombstone .
I twouldina petcemetery that would have been buried in a pet cemetery.
Well the cat 's name is White Gloves Fine , thecat  ' snameis M ittens .
Because it has little creamy white paws B ecausehehaslittlewhit efeet ?
Yes Sure . That in this thought experiment So , in this thoughttexperiment ,
Do you think the kitten is alive or dead doyouthink M ittensisdeadoralive ?
Unable to determine T here  ' snowayofsayinguntilyo uopenthebox before opening the box.
Don 't give a shit. Oh, comeon.
Optimistically I choose to believe it 's alive. Optimistically, I would choose to believeh e  'salive.
Great Yes ! Thank goodness Oh , thankgoodness .
Dead crow Oh , deadcrow .
This one is unquestionably dead T hereain  ' tnodoubtaboutthatone .
Suburban Motel
The toilets here have been sanitized for my safety Thetoiletwassanitizedformyprotection.
I love this place so much I love thisplace .
Dad , can we go to Reptile World D ad , canwegoto R eptile World ?
No No No .
There are oversized snakes out there that can swallow a whole chicken in one bite. Theyagotsnakesobigitca neatawholechicken.
Oh , well , inthatcase , no . - Hate - let 's sleep - A w . - L et  ' sgetsomesleep .
We have to get up early tomorrow to get to Cape Canaveral W egottogetupearlyifwe  ' regonnagetto C ape C anaveral
Watch the space shuttle take off intimeforliftoff.
I 'm so excited I don 't know if I can fall asleep I  ' msoexcited , I don  ' tknowif I can . You gotta try hard, little one, okay? Well, buddy, you  ' regonnahavetotry, allright

You two share that bed and I sleep this Y outwosharethatbed, I 'll takethisone.
- No way - No way - N o . - N uh - uh . Don 't do that boys I 'm the biggest C omeon , fellas , I  ' mthebiggest .

It makes sense for me to sleep in a bed by myself. I tmakessensethat I getabedtomyself.
- No way - No way - No o .
-   N u h - u h .

Then we flip a coin and decide George Jr. takes We 'llflipforit.
Georgie, callit. Heads.

You are unlucky today No otyourday .
Damn D angit .
- That looks like a human head - go brush your teeth - T hatlookedlikeheads .
-   G o   b r u s h   y o u r   t e e t h .
Does this really work? Hisreallyworks?
Your hair will be as beautiful as tomorrow Your hair will look just as prettytomorrow .
Go to sleep and I 'll cover you up Now , comeon , let  ' stuckyouin .
I 'm so glad I didn 't dye my orange hair I 'mglad ​​I don 'thaveorangehair.
I am also baby Me , too , baby .
I want to be more like Madonna.
Do you want to piss me off? A reyoutryingtokillme?
If so then you 're almost there ' C auseifyouare , goodjob .

Why is she only like a virgin Why hyissheonlylikeavirgi n ?
The avant-garde Madonna 's well-known song 'Like a Virgin / Likea V irgin'
Goodnight Goodnight!


Are you ready to continue talking to me about Youreadytofinishourcon versation ?
Nothing to talk about T here 'snothingtofinish.
I raised myself like a forest Tarzan I raised myself like ajung lechild .
End of Endofstory. Don 't be so exaggerated. Oh, stopbeingsodramatic.
Do you think I don 't feel bad? Youthink I didn  ' tfeelbad
I also want to be by your side more notbeingaroundmorethan I wantedtobe ?
Are you really uncomfortable Didyou ?
A little bit. A littlebit.
I 'm kidding you. Of course I 'm sick. I 'mteasing, comeon.
Ofcourse I did . Why else would I beg you and George W hyelsewould I havebeggedyouand George
Move back to Medford tomoveback to M edford ?
You are here to stay with your grandchildren S oyoucouldbewithyouurgr andchildren .
And you Andyou .
- Really - Yeah - Really ? - Yeah .
You are the only one of my children who is willing to talk to me
Besides, you raised yourself better than me. Besides, you raise your self better than I ever could.
Do you really think so Youactuallybelievethat ?
Not only can you forgive me if you believe it No , butitwouldhelpmycause ifyoudid.


Your hair looks beautiful Y ourhairlookspretty .
Enough Enough.

Dad Dad ?
Dad Dad ?

Dad Dad ?
Dad D ad .
What are you doing?
George keeps kicking me G eorgiekeepskickingme .
Kickhimback Kickhimback.
I don 't want to run into him I 'drathernottouchhim.

Do you want to sleep with me Youwanttosleepwithme ?
I want to thank Yes , thankyou .

Alright Yeah.

Is the G otenoughroom enough?
Enough Yes .

You give off so much heat Y outhrowoffalotofheat .

Sorry Sorry.
Nothing is quite comfortable T hat  ' sallright .
I t ' s   k i n d   o f   n i c e .

Did they launch the space shuttle when it rained?
Light rain should be fine I thinkalightrain  ' sokay .


Oh shit Oh, no.
It  ' llpass where it will rain and pass .
Go to sleep first Just getsomesleep .

The rain is not over, the sky is not sunny, I tdidn  ' tpass .
Sheldon I 'm sorry too S heldon, I 'mrealsorry.

Can I tell you a secret Can I tellyouasecret ?
I never knew how lightning came about I neverunderstoodhowlig htningworks.
Didn 't you teach in high school Didn  ' ttheyteachyouthatinhi ghschool ?
But I was playing football and banging my head all day but I gothitintheheadalotpl ayingfootball .
Can you explain it to meW ouldyouexplainittome ? When positive and negative charges accumulate enoughW ell, whenpositiveandnegati vechargesgrowlargeeno ugh,
There will be huge flashes inside the cloud agiantsparkoccursinth ecloud .
That sounds cool. What 's with the thunder? A h , that - that  ' sprettycool . What causesthethunder ?
is the shock wave It  ' sashockwavefrompartic lesheatedto 10,000 degrees when the particle is heated to 5500 degrees Celsius.
Really interesting I nteresting . Do you want to know what is really interesting Youwanttoknowwhat  ' sreally interesting ?
Aristotle believed that the sound of thunder A ristotlethoughtthatth esoundofthunder was due to the collision of two clouds wasduetoacollisionbet weentwoclouds.
He thought the clouds were expelling the air Hebelievedthecloudswer eexpellingair , like the crackling of wood on a fire inthewayalogonafirecr ackles . . . I didn 't realize I didn 't trealizeuntilyearslater until many years later
My dad asked me about lightning and thunder thatmyfatherwasonlyas kingquestions just to cheer me up aboutlightningandthun dertocheermeup .
In fact, he often pretends to be stupid Infact, hewouldoftenpretendto bedumb
Just to make me happy justtomakemefeelbette r. Looks like it 's rainingL ookslikerain.
And my brother M ybrother , ontheotherhand ,
He doesn 't have to pretend to be really stupid didn 't havetopretend.




Okay, when we count to three we go to the car and go to O kay , onthecountofthree ,weruntothecar .
- Are you ready one or two - wait - Ready ?
Oh no, two. . . - W ait.
On the way home I want to take the co-pilot I wantshotgungoingback . Well you are in the co-pilot ready to rush Fine , you getshotgun .
O k a y ,   h e r e   w e   g o .
- One 2 - I still think - One , two . . . - I stillthink
Still should wait for the rain to lighten before going weshouldwaittillthera inslowsdown .
No, we have to go home No, wegottogethome.
I have to go to work tomorrow and you have to go to school I gotworktomorrow , youguysgotschool .
You know I 'll get wet, right? Youdorealize I  ' llgetwet ?
It 's just water Sheldon It  ' sjustwater , Sheldon .
Well just make sure you know Allright .
J u s t   m a k i n g   s u r e   y o u   r e a l i z e .
Okay, let 's get ready for Allright, herewego.
R e a d y ?
One Two Three One , two , three .


Didn 't we have a plan buddy buddy , I thoughtwehadaplan .
You are the one who planned Youhadaplan .
I never saw the spacecraft lift off with my own eyes I neverdidgettoseealaun chinperson ,
But it was my happiest trip but that wasthebesttrip I everhad . It 's a pity I couldn 't tell him I wish I hadtoldmyfatherwhileh ewasalive while he was alive .
