0 0 : 0 0 : 1 2 , 8 4 0 - - &gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 1 4 , 6 4 0 ‎ Here comes Willie‎ hello Comey 's legs are so pretty



‎ Is your pubic hair green, Komi frog?
‎ What is that?
‎ - Willie is a freak ‎ - She 's a freak

‎ Be careful when you dress like that
‎ You maintain the traditional sense of patriarchy‎ You have to be careful
‎ It 's hard for everyone to like you


‎ Come on Comey Frog show us your pubic hair!
‎ You are a bitch!
‎ I am


‎ NETFLIX Original Series


‎ ( Xiao Wei can we talk? )


‎ good morning
‎ Why are you in my bed?
‎ If you say it, I 'll ruin your life
‎ Did we have sex?
‎ Of course did Otis
‎ I 'm not here because I like you with me
‎ But I can 't find a condom
‎ We have sex without condoms?
‎ - No I 'm pretty sure we wore them‎ - where?
‎ I don 't know it 's gone

‎ Couldn 't have been swallowed by your vagina?
‎ - I heard about a girl . . . ‎ - I can 't believe I 'm gonna have sex with you
‎ Well, Ruby, we must be using condoms, right?
‎ Yes I am 9 9 % sure

‎ - Sorry‎ - Otis!
‎ Come down!


‎ hello
‎ I 'm Ruby
‎ Hello Ruby
‎ I like your trouser suit

‎ - Thanks for this set . . . ‎ - I 'm just polite I have to go to school

‎ You said it was a small party!
‎ Only ten people should have come
‎ But Eric invited more people‎ and suddenly there were 150 strangers in the house
‎ 1 5 0 Strangers‎ This is not my intention
‎ Otis!
‎ You are too irresponsible
‎ There will be clients coming this afternoon‎ My house is a mess!
‎ You are too loud and I am late‎ My head hurts and I . . .
‎ I 'll help you clean later
‎ - later? ‎ - yes
‎ later? Otis!



‎ Goodbye little cutie love you
‎ - Are you doing surveillance again? ‎ - I don 't trust her
‎ Who? Warriors?
‎ no fuck
‎ What is she doing there?
‎Joe come and have a look I can 't see

‎ Don 't know she 's watching TV
‎ I knew she was conspiring
‎ Call the Police ‎ Our Neighbors Are Watching 'Finding Exotics'





‎ How does it feel to be a wanderer?
‎ Why is the world so bright?
‎ Because you were so drunk‎ Offended your crush and ex-girlfriend‎ Spit on yourself‎ Dancing in front of a crowd of classmates
‎ jumping ugly

‎ Eric
‎ - I had sex with Ruby‎ - What?
‎ - Shut Up‎ - Are you sure you 're having sex?
‎ she 's sure we had sex‎ I can 't remember the details
‎ I feel weird I feel
‎ I either had a panic attack that lasted a long time‎ or I was thirsty . . . or both
‎ so calm down and listen to me
‎ This may not be what you think‎ Forest glade romantic fantasy
‎ - with Maeve‎ - I never imagined that
‎ But you are no longer a virgin! What?
‎ - That 's exciting, right? ‎ - no
‎ - having sex has consequences‎ - you won 't let Ruby
‎ Give birth to evil offspring

‎ You use a condom, right?
‎ Right?
‎ Otis I noticed you didn 't answer my question
‎ gosh
‎ Hi Maeve

‎ I 'm sorry about last night
‎ - I said . . . ‎ - I heard you fucked Ruby buddy
‎ Who would have thought a sex boy would be a dude!

‎ congratulations
‎ so bitter
‎ Omg!
‎ I 'm so ashamed!
‎ Dude, have you seen this?
‎ What 's going on?

‎ I 'm drunk
‎ - Yes you are drunk dude‎ - I mean it!
‎ You can 't believe you told Dr. Milburn‎ I have pubic lice
‎ - I said you might have a pubic lice‎ - Damn
‎ Mrs. Shanz‎ Likes to talk dirty to Mrs. Hendricks
‎ - Unexpected‎ - Unexpectedly
‎ What did Jane do?
‎ Your mother said I was normal
‎ she cheats
‎ Conor Pearson Admits‎ Masturbating 17 Times a Day
‎ - Borderline Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder‎ - I am the devil!
‎ it sucks
‎ How can Jane leave her notes casually?
‎ I have to go anyway
‎ I 'm going to a rehearsal for the Swingers
‎ 1 7 times?
‎ fucking horny

‎ What are you doing?
‎ I thought it was confidential!
‎ I promise we 'll find out
‎ Jackson wait!
‎ - I have to tell them‎ - We are not friends Xiao Wei
‎ You also said something bad to me, you know?
‎ Well we weren 't friends
‎ Aimee, you 're covered in mud
‎ Yes
‎ - Can we talk? ‎ - Not now Steve I 'm going to the gym
‎ Aimee guess what?
‎ Otis slept with Ruby last night
‎ Surely nothing
‎ Are you okay?
‎ Um I 'm fine
‎ He sure wasn 't serious he was drunk

‎ Yes



‎ Hey I 'm Jane
‎ Feed Miss Milburn
‎ I need you to come to school at four this afternoon
‎ something happened
‎ Can you tell me what 's going on?
‎ Just come here at four o 'clock
‎ I will go
‎ Damn it! guys take a look at this
‎ Omg!
‎ ( Teacher Shanz is a slut full of lust)
‎ Stop dawdling girls
‎ not me
‎ - not me‎ - I don 't have the time
‎ Someone is about to be in trouble


‎ It 's rare to be on time
‎ I have something to do. Can you take care of Jessie?
‎ - Well I like dogs‎ - Are you sure?

‎ it 's annoying
‎ can 't sit still

‎ we 'll be fine




‎ come over

‎ Teacher‎ Can I go to the toilet?
‎ Can 't wait Milburn? ‎ It 's going to be school soon
‎ Not teacher I . . .
‎ I have hemorrhoids

‎ good
‎ I understand your pain
Same disease phase Rei

‎ Otis!

‎ What 's wrong?

‎ Well then . . . ‎ You know I said I was 9 9 % sure‎ We used . . . ‎ - condoms‎ - yes
‎ 9 6 . 5 % more precisely
‎ I can 't remember the details I remember throwing it in the trash‎ but I can 't be sure
‎ Well what shall we do?


‎ Shall we play Smash Bros.?
‎ I can 't
‎ I have to go to church tonight
‎ - Church is boring, right? ‎ - no
‎ It 's actually fun
‎ With singing, with plantains, and with luck, there is an aunt named Gloria who will start speaking in dialect
‎ good
‎ Can I go with you?
‎ You 'd better not go to church with me
‎ I think it would be interesting‎ unless you don 't want me to go
‎ No! ok ok
‎ But. . . ‎ I 'll be a little different there
‎ For example, it will be a little more serious‎ If you know what I mean
‎ Well it 's okay
‎ - Are you sure? ‎ - yes

‎ let 's go to church

‎ What are you doing here?
‎ We have made an appointment with your consultant
‎ Could it be another day?
‎ No, let 's do it now
‎ Get in the car
‎ look at
‎ Everyone is here
‎ I don 't want you to be detained after class but it 's serious
‎ I have nothing to do with this‎ It would make my school resume ugly
‎ - Can I go home? ‎ - no you can 't
‎ Someone in this classroom thinks it would be funny to write bad words about me in that mirror
‎ We 're going to sit here until this person confesses
‎ No one wants to say anything?
‎ Well you 're going to circle all the 'A' ‎ in the newspaper
‎ until one of them confesses
‎ This is not very effective teacher
‎ Insulting a teacher is a slut too
‎ Start making circles girls I 'll check back
‎ Have you bought it before?
‎ No! What do you mean? ‎ You slept with me too, you know?
‎ I know I don 't mean anything
‎ listen I won 't give you pale skin ‎ super tall kids, okay?
‎ - So go in and buy medicine‎ - Me?
‎ Otis I can 't be seen‎ to buy emergency contraceptives
‎ Others gossip
‎ go
‎ Be sure to tell everything to Dr. Aitken
‎ You may need to increase your dose. Are you taking your medication?
‎ Jackson, what is your mom asking you about?
‎ Yes I am taking medicine
‎ Then why didn 't you answer her question?

‎ - Damn, looks like a flat tire‎ - Great, I 'm going to be late



‎ - This is out of my control, right? ‎ - you are driving too fast

‎ Don 't fight with me now
‎ Who of you changed tires?
‎ it 's not good for my hands
‎ great
‎ ( Relieves Nasal Congestion)
‎ The sinuses are too sensitive

‎ Can I buy emergency contraception?
‎ - What did you say? ‎ - Can I buy emergency contraception?
‎ - I can 't hear you‎ - Emergency Contraceptives
‎ - Still inaudible‎ - Emergency contraceptives
‎ I can 't sell you
‎ - Why? ‎ - you don 't have a vagina mr

‎ No. . . is a nasal spray
‎ You need to buy it yourself

‎ What? Why?

‎ too embarrassing
‎ not ashamed
‎ okay? I mean it happens often
‎ The condom broke or . . . ‎ forgot it or couldn 't find it
‎ nothing to be ashamed of
‎ I also want to tell you‎ If you are pregnant and choose to keep the child‎ I will drop out of school to find a job to support the two of you

‎ When was the last time you had sex?
‎ last night
‎ It 's obvious
‎ Are you using birth control?
‎ Yes
‎ - I think so‎ - the condom is gone
‎ I 'm sorry I don 't exist
‎ When was your last period?
‎ two weeks ago
‎ Have you ever taken emergency contraceptives before?
‎ Why don 't people keep asking me this question? ‎ I 'm not a slut
‎ Does any of your next of kin have health problems?
‎ My dad has multiple sclerosis‎ He was diagnosed last year with severe
‎ Can I buy emergency contraception?
‎ £25
‎ It 's his dick he pays


‎ Please don 't tell anyone I 've been here
‎ I don 't know you at all
‎ Not everyone knows me


‎ Are you kidding me?
‎ listen I just said‎ if you push it in first . . .
‎ - mind your own business‎ - push it in first and then . . .
‎ Oh my god I 'm so stupid I 'm calling someone

‎ - I said no need‎ - you always do
‎Why don 't you admit that you don 't have the ability
‎ I can
‎ If you can, why haven 't you done it yet?

‎ What are you laughing at?
‎ Because you two need a divorce
‎Why do you say that?
‎ Because it 's true
‎ You are always arguing
‎ You 're upset with mom but you pretend it 's okay
‎ You 're worried that I won 't love you as much as I love my mother
‎So you run out of time to toss‎ but let us become more and more alienated from you
‎ I think if you both get divorced‎ we 'll both be a lot happier
‎ I 'll go find her
‎ mom
‎ ( Pure nonsense! )
‎ I also finished
‎ I think you should circle all the 'As'
‎ - Not just a single letter 'A' ‎ - You 're so stupid sometimes Aimee
‎ - Olivia wants me to stab you in the eye? ‎ - You guys are too old-fashioned
‎ Except for you Lily, you 're really weird
‎ - Thank you‎ - What kind of Pythagoras are you?
‎ - Except for weirdos? ‎ - The super smart kind
‎ Really. . .
‎ Principal Olivia Grove wants to see you


‎ shut up
‎ Anyone want to admit mistakes?
‎ Circle the 'I' next
‎ Don 't do this, Mr. Shanz is pointless
‎ Okay and want something hard?
‎ Use the rest of the detention time to make a presentation titled: What Brings Women Together
‎ One or all of you‎ want to destroy a fellow woman‎ You can now turn around‎ Take the time to think about what you have in common
‎ Are you kidding me?
‎ No I didn 't
‎ Give you two hours to inspire me
‎ If not completed, one month detention
‎ I want all of you to know‎ We take issues like this seriously

‎ Olivia please come in
‎ Did you know that Malik gets sex advice from Miss Milburn‎?
‎ Malik Amir says his girlfriend wants to join . . .
‎ - Fetish . . . ‎ - Those are my personal notes
‎ not for anyone else
‎ I 'm sorry but I don 't know‎ how my notes are misplaced
‎ Olivia‎ Do you know how old your boyfriend is?
‎ He is 16 years old
‎ 15 years old
‎ - 15 years old? ‎ - skipped a grade to my elementary school
‎ - What does Olivia mean by 'fetish'? ‎ - 'Amir' is not an Indian surname
‎ We are Iranian
‎ - Iranian‎ - Are you 15?
‎ You will go to jail for statutory rape! ‎ this is serious
‎ - Iranians? ‎ - 15 years old? What are you doing Malik?

‎ Alright mom . . .
‎ We will not prosecute
‎ But how can you give sex advice to kids‎? so despicable
‎ I do not offer sexual advice
‎ I just answered a‎ question about a suspected fetish
‎ I gave the right information on that topic
‎ - I didn 't ask them to do anything . . . ‎ - you shouldn 't
‎ Talking Fetishes to 15 year olds‎ This is not what we asked you to do
‎ I made it very clear
‎ - yes but my report . . . ‎ - our school doesn 't need your report
‎ don 't need you
‎ 15 years old?

‎ Olivia goes back to detention
‎ Omg!
‎ How did my personal notes get spread around this school? ‎ Can we talk about this?
‎ I don 't know
‎ I can tell them‎ it was actually the sex boy who gave us advice
‎ Excuse me what did you say?
‎ You know Otis‎ His advice is super weird but it works
‎ But it 's not good that he charges a lot
‎ That 's why I came to you because you 're free
‎ so stupid
‎ If we want to go home, we have to come up with something
‎ - Does anyone like fantasy games? ‎ - I like
‎ I like Dungeons and Dragons
‎ I prefer‎ as Ripley from Alien
‎ I don 't understand cosplay
‎ What about shopping?
‎ - I hate shopping‎ - Me too
‎ Can 't we just pretend we all like shopping‎ or cosplay?
‎ This is cheating
‎ We can try mind mapping

‎ What is Grove looking for you?
‎ I could go to jail because . . . ‎ apparently my boyfriend is 15 years old
‎ Who else likes small fresh meat?

‎ What are you doing?
‎ - find what we have in common‎ - . . . something we all love
‎ Are you okay?
‎ - What about you? ‎ - well i 'm fine
‎ very good
‎ Everything is going well



‎ How much time do you have?
‎ I gave them a tough job‎ The theme is women 's solidarity
‎ - They 'll never finish it ‎ - You 're so evil
‎ say it again
‎ you are so evil





‎ The church is so beautiful Mrs. Effie Young‎ Not what I expected
‎ - Do you go to the mosque? ‎ - Anthea Don 't Ask Such Questions
‎ sorry raheem leave my sister alone
‎ - I thought you were Muslim‎ - Anthea
‎ Eric I don 't think your sister meant to offend him
‎ I just want to know
‎ Just . . . you don 't have to answer
‎ it doesn 't matter
‎ My family is atheist
‎ What is an atheist?
‎ are people who don 't believe in God
‎ Okay? Can you be quiet now?
‎ Don 't touch each other in church‎ Don 't come here I don 't want to talk to you right now


‎ That 's why I walked away
‎ so funny mom
‎ I just . . .
‎ Jackson left me alone
‎ I won 't leave if you don 't talk to me so...
‎ That was the most hurtful thing you ever said to me
‎ Well I know
‎ That 's why I said

‎ - I didn 't mean it, just angry words‎ - No you mean it
‎ I didn 't want to make you cry

‎ I 've always been worried‎ You 'll say I 'm not your real mother‎ I 'm almost relieved to say it now
‎ - Of course you are my real mother‎ - but you were not born to me
‎ - So what? ‎ - So when you say you want to swim
‎ I am so happy because I love swimming‎ We can work together
‎ I thought it was because you can 't play anymore‎ You want to use me to achieve your dreams
‎ You may be somewhat correct
‎ - I really thought you liked swimming‎ - I did . . . ‎ very much

‎ Do you know what my favorite thing about swimming was when I was a kid?
‎ with you
‎ You are my hero mom
‎ When we are together‎ I feel like I can do anything

‎Why do you have to grow up?
‎ - I don 't want to swim anymore‎ - I know
‎ I 'm not happy when I swim
‎ But it has nothing to do with our relationship, okay?
‎ You gotta let me figure it out‎ Who am I and what do I like
‎ But you will always . . . ‎ be my real mom


‎ I want to participate in campus drama
‎ - what? ‎ - yes
‎ as Romeo

‎ Your role as Joseph is convincing

‎ Jessie Don 't Call

‎ sit down


‎ ( Honey Baked Ham)


‎ etc
‎ etc

‎ sit down




‎ How are you new kid?
‎ Since when did you start asking questions?
‎ I 'm practicing small talk with people
‎ Is he okay?

‎ Eric?
‎ he is confused
‎ I don 't know what 's going on between the two of you‎ but if you hurt him . . .
‎ I won 't let you go
‎ I don 't want to hurt him anymore
‎ then don 't
‎ I told you to buy a Diet Coke

‎ Hallelujah

‎ Jesus is with you
‎ Jesus is with you

‎ Jesus is with you
‎ Thank you Pastor
‎ - welcome‎ - thank you
‎ Jesus is with you
‎ I 'm sorry I don 't believe in Jesus

‎ Jesus is with you
‎ I hope I didn 't offend him
‎ - No‎ - Hallelujah
‎ Amen
‎ Hallelujah!
‎ Did you agree?
‎ I 'm just . . . I 'm a little worried that you don 't
‎ Yes Otis I definitely agree
‎ I sleep with nerdy boys when I 'm sad
‎ 100% intentional
‎ Why Nerd Boys?
‎ Because they thought they were in love with me‎ and it felt great‎ until they got clingy‎ and showed me their stuff
‎ I don 't think I 'm in love with you
‎ Of course you didn 't
‎ My . . .
‎ Bed Technology . . . ‎ Not bad, right?
‎ This is my first time having sex
‎ Are you a virgin?
‎ Before sleeping with you yes
‎ You 're not very good‎ but not bad
‎ You keep asking me if I 'm okay
‎ - It 's important to ask how the other person feels‎ - every ten seconds?
‎ Did your dad make you sad?
‎ Um a bit
‎ He was forced to quit his job and my mom was stressed
‎ But the main reason I am sad‎ is because I plucked my left eyebrow over the head‎ The eyebrows on both sides are asymmetrical
‎ I think it 's symmetrical
‎ Thanks for asking me how I feel‎ A lot of guys don 't do this
‎ There 's gotta be something we all love
‎ - Chocolate? ‎ - yes
‎ dislike
‎ We told Mr. Shanz directly‎ We don 't like being put together‎ We need to force relationships based on our gender
‎ Yes or I can pretend to like chocolate
‎ I know you don 't care about dishonesty‎ but I can 't
‎ What does this mean?
‎ You pretend to be radical and a feminist‎ but you just go around and stab other girls in the back
‎ not so
‎ So you didn 't plan to rob my boyfriend?
‎ Can we not fight?
‎ Shut up topic just got interesting
‎ I didn 't plan to rob your boyfriend
‎ Euler I have to tell him how I feel
‎ You are not forced to Maeve
‎ you choose to do so
‎ Do you like Otis?
‎ Or do you just want to win?
‎ Your heart is like a snake
‎ Is it? At least I don 't always pretend to be cute and caring
‎ - You know nothing about me‎ - You know nothing about me!
‎ Stop arguing over a bad boy!
‎ Aimee why are you crying?

‎ Because I can 't take the bus anymore
‎ Aimee is alright
‎ it 's fine

‎ Can I come over to see you?
‎ I . . .
‎ I don 't know who else to talk to
‎ you guys stop looking at me
‎ You can 't take the bus‎ because you think the man will do it again?

‎ no
‎ What 's more, his face is very kind
‎ I remember because he smiled at me ‎ He doesn 't look like a jerky killer
‎ So if he could do this kind of thing anyone would
‎ I used to feel safe all the time‎ I don 't anymore
‎ - may sound stupid‎ - no
‎ I was touched at the train station last year
‎ We went to a show in town‎ A group of boys walked past us‎ One of them grabbed my chest

‎ it really hurts
‎ So sometimes I also feel unsafe in the crowd
‎ as if they felt ‎ my body belonged to them
‎ Yes as if we were public property
‎ A few years ago‎ some guys flirted with me
‎ A woman said it was my fault‎ because my shorts were too revealing
‎ So I went home and cut it shorter‎ Because let them die
‎ Well, why change their behavior because of what they did?
‎ That is to say
‎ When I was a kid I used to go to the local swimming pool
‎ The other day a guy exposed birds to me in the pool‎ His dick was dangling in the water‎ It looked funny

‎ I told my mom about it‎ and she won 't let me go
‎ Very sad‎ because the pool is my favorite place to go
‎ so unfair
‎ I think so‎ Statistically‎ two-thirds of girls experience‎ unpleasant sexual tension or touching in public before the age of 21
‎ So it 's common
‎ Why do some men like Lu Bird so much?
‎ Sometimes I go to chat roulette sites‎ and there are so many limp dicks on it
‎ long, short, thick
‎ Once there was a dick on it‎, like a small face
‎ I think if I grow an extra arm from the middle of my legs
‎ - I might want to show it to everyone too‎ - Hmm
‎ - Maybe it has something to do with strength‎ - Hmm
‎ I think the man on the bus‎ likes the way I 'm scared
‎ After I got off work about a year ago, a man followed me home
‎ Every time I speed up he speeds up
‎ scary
‎ After seeing my dad he ran away‎ It made me angry‎ because I didn 't want to rely on another man to protect me
‎ I 'm sorry that this happened to you
‎ each other
‎ thank you
‎ At least we can go home
‎ cock

‎ - I tell you who loves gingerbread‎ - Who?
‎ - Eric Clapton Super Love‎ - Really?
‎ - Just kidding‎ - That 's . . . stop!
‎ ( Teacher Shanz is a slut full of lust)
‎ I do it because I love you
‎ But I found out that you love him
‎ He can 't give what I can give you, teacher
‎ I naturally like mature women‎ I can roll marijuana in the shape of a swan
‎ on many levels‎ you have a problem with your behavior‎ but I have to say that writing with lipstick is very innovative
‎ Do you really think so?
‎ Impossible Kyle okay?
‎ follow me
‎ - I love you‎ - right now!

‎ sit down
‎ - stand up‎ - unbelievable
‎ sit down

‎ It 's a miracle

‎ You 're a smart kid why don 't you go to school?
‎ I 'm not good at studying
‎ Well, if you keep working hard, you could be the best employee of the month

‎ I 'm going to the movies tonight, lock the door for me
‎ I 'm getting ready

‎ girls
‎ I 'm afraid this is a misunderstanding
‎ We found the perpetrator and you can go home
‎ Sorry for wasting your time
‎ - great‎ - I knew it
‎ I 'm curious what you came up with?
‎ What brings you together?
‎ Teachers have nothing in common except men who take the initiative to expose birds.
‎ Are you going to be alright? ‎ I think so

‎ I don 't feel sad I just feel angry
‎ I know there is one thing that might help
‎ I like your family they are very caring
‎ What does 'intimate' mean?
‎ They trust God
‎ They think it 's true
‎ I also believe
‎ Um but not true
‎ - You 're pretending to believe in order to get along, right? ‎ - not
‎ No I Believe in God Raheem
‎How can you trust‎ a God who thinks you shouldn 't exist?
‎ ok that 's embarrassing
‎ No, my family was forced to leave the country because of their beliefs‎
‎ It doesn 't make sense to me
‎ - I don 't know‎ - it doesn 't matter
‎ This is the difference between us‎ I fell in love with you because of it
‎ We seek common ground while reserving differences
‎ love?
‎ Are you afraid?
‎ No . . .
‎ i love you too
‎ Damn it! I felt like my heart stopped for a while

‎ let 's go
‎ I can 't believe it ‎ He takes money from other students
‎ I feel like I don 't know him at all like... . .
‎ It 's like a stranger lives in my house
‎ I don 't think we 'll ever really understand‎ these creatures we create
‎ - You may be right ‎ - talk to him
‎ You can only do this
‎ hey
‎ Want to buy something to eat after work? ‎ with me?
‎ I 'm afraid I can 't do it Jane
‎ I just kissed him on a whim
‎ Can you really forgive me?
‎ Did you know that . . .
‎ I may not be as smart as your ex ‎ but I know my limits
‎ I can 't go through that pain again
‎ I 'm not sure if I can get up
‎ My daughter needs me


‎ You 're not ready for the kind of intimacy I want
‎ Got it
‎ Bye bye Jacob
‎ hmm



‎ please enter
‎ - Good in ten minutes from dinner‎ - Good

‎ Your thoughts are loud mom
‎ That boy is not for you
‎ You don 't think any boy is suitable for me
‎ Not his relationship is because of you
‎ You 're a different person when you 're around him
‎ As if you were trying to be someone else‎ but you are not like that
‎ He won 't let you shine
‎ What do I do?
‎Think of something that makes you angry‎ and smash it

‎ I 'm angry‎ because I 'm not good enough at baking cakes
‎ - Great! ‎ - Great!
‎ - Come on‎ - Keep hitting Aimee!
‎ I 'm pissed because Steve has been working hard‎ trying to make things better‎ but he doesn 't get it!
‎ Great! come on!
‎ I 'm mad because a nasty man‎ ruined my best jeans‎ and no one cares‎ I can 't take the damn bus right now!
‎ - Yay! ‎ - Great!
‎ Awesome!

‎ - I 'm going to keep smashing things! ‎ - Yay!
‎ - Great! ‎ - Give them a good look!

‎ I do want to take him
‎ sorry
‎ I do like him ‎ but I also kind of want to punch you
‎ I 'll take you home
‎ Want to take me home?
‎ good
‎ hey mom
‎ Are you okay?
‎ I heard that
‎ Otis
‎ Have you been offering sex advice to your classmates for a fee?
‎ What are you talking about?
‎Tell me the truth‎ Yes


‎ You lie exactly like your dad
‎ - Let 's talk about it rationally‎ - I can 't talk to you right now
‎ mom
‎ Damn it!
‎ I thought you didn 't want to be my friend anymore
‎ I never thought I would like girls
‎ I like guys who smell a little sweaty, not girls who smell like vanilla pods
‎ - I don 't have the vanilla pod flavor‎ - no you have
‎ Sometimes the smell of car air freshener
‎ you are clean
‎ Sorry I confused you but . . . ‎ It really hurts when you start avoiding me
‎ okay
‎ We can still be friends
‎ okay
‎ see you at school
‎ etc
‎ I don 't want to just be your friend
‎ Why?
‎ Because your body odor is much better than boys
‎ I just . . .

‎ - Hello? ‎ - hi

‎ Your mom said it was a lie to go to work
‎ I saw her this morning pretending to leave‎ and slipping back into the RV
‎ What a troublemaker
‎ I 'm just telling you what I saw
‎ accept it or not
‎ - good night Isaac‎ - good night

‎ Why do you always tie the knot?
‎ I don 't want you to run away, right?

‎ you are so funny


‎ - Saying 'Goodbye' ‎ - Goodbye
‎ goodbye
‎ Ok 0 0 7 Enough
‎ gosh


‎ - Hi Mom‎ - Damn Asshole
‎ What are you doing?
‎ - I gotta come back . . . ‎ - Isaac said he saw you yesterday
‎ I got fired
‎ I don 't know how to tell you

‎ I feel ashamed
‎ However. . .
‎ I 'm looking for another job
‎ Are you taking drugs again?
‎ No I didn 't
‎ I swear with my life
‎ I swear by your life and Ace 's life
‎ I do not use drugs
‎ please believe me
‎ I believe in you

‎ Lie to me one more time and you 'll be gone



‎ What are you doing here?
‎ Taking a bus?
‎ We all have to take the bus
‎ - Do you want to get in the car or not? ‎ - wait for her

‎ Just a broken bus
‎ Just a broken bus



‎ Subtitle translation: Yang Haixia
