 Previously on " The Originals " ...
 This town was my home once . I want it back .
 We should have known our mother would not be bound by anything as obvious as death .
 Esther .
 I have come to heal our family .
 For you , I will undo everything that has been done , thereby giving you a new life .
 You mean , you don 't recognize me ?
 It 's been a long time , Finn .
 Well , there 's no way Kol would listen to anything other than his ego .
 And even the wildest us of Mikaelsons has seen the error of his ways .
 - I 'm Kaleb . - Davina .
 Aah !
 - You filthy dogs . - It can 't be .
 - Hello , son . - Father !
 How do you expect to show them the error of their ways ?
 Perhaps it 's time to turn our attention to the outskirts of our beautiful home .
 [ Music playing ]
 [ Cheering ]
 Pay up .
 Any prospects ?
 Well , since you asked , yeah , there 's this one guy .
 I mean , we 've only been messaging so far , but I think I like him .
 Like , really like him .
 - So what 's the problem ? - Oh , I don 't know .
 Might have left a few things out of the old profile .
 For example , what 's got two thumbs and drinks blood to survive oh , right .
 This guy .
 [ Growling ]
 Gia : What the hell is wrong with you people ?
 We didn 't do anything .
 This nothing your kind hasn 't done to us .
 Learn your history .
 Marcel : I don 't know who the hell you are .
 We had a deal .
 Vampires stay out of the quarter , everybody 's cool .
 That 's not good enough anymore .
 Oh , yeah ? Says who ?
 You , or that witch you all answer to now .
 Lenore , right ?
 Never thought I 'd see the day ...
 Proud werewolves on a witch 's leash .
 I hope those rings you 're wearing are worth it .
 No !
 Aah !
 That 's enough .
 Your privileges here have been revoked permanently .
 So when we come back , you need to be gone because next time I won 't call them off .
 Consider this a warning , Marcel .
 It 's the only one you 're gonna get .
 Cami : This is a city of death .
 [ Music playing ]
 Fires , floods , to say nothing of the violence we do to each other .
 We may laissez les bon temps rouler , but really we 've turned life into one big party to distract ourselves from a single unavoidable truth .
 We 're all going to die .
 Is that what you 're afraid of ?
 Who says I 'm afraid of anything ?
 Cami , we 've been meeting like this for weeks now , and you 're still dodging my questions .
 Now how do you expect your patients to open up to you when you won 't open up yourself ?
 I 'm open .
 What do you want me to be open about ...
 My dead uncle , my dead brother ?
 How about the living ?
 I mean , you 're highly intelligent , you are charming , and you 're beautiful .
 I mean , surely you must have friends , boyfriends .
 You really mean to tell me that there 's no one that warrants discussion here .
 I 'm attracted to the wrong kind of guy .
 I know . Tale as old as time .
 Well , Cami , that 's your tale , and part of the therapeutic process is in the telling of it .
 There was this one guy .
 Smart , loyal , abs for days , but I was his rebound girl , if I 'm gonna be honest with myself , and he was also ...
 Well , unique in ways that mean I should probably stay away from him .
 - Unique ? - Just trust me on this one .
 We 're not compatible .
 Now you said one guy .
 Am I to assume that there are more ?
 There was this other guy .
 Also unique .
 I mean , nothing ever happened between us .
 He just got under my skin , I guess .
 Manipulative mother , abusive father , and under all that anger and mistrust and cruelty , there was goodness in him , and no matter how much I tried ,
 I couldn 't pretend it wasn 't there .
 You cared for him .
 You wanted to save him .
 So ... what happened ?
 Some people don 't want to be saved .
 Brother ! Niklaus !
 You do realize that literally everyone here has supernatural hearing , right ?
 Where is my brother ?
 Oh , I 'll just ... I 'll check his calendar .
 Wait . No . Not his wife , so ...
 Hayley , this city is uiser siege by an army of beasts following my deranged mother 's every command .
 Now considering it was your people who just declared war on my kind , perhaps now 's not the best time for your particular brand of sass .
 Klaus left a while ago .
 If you want to find him , I can 't help you .
 If only there was a magical device that people use to call people .
 I don 't know . I 'm out of ideas .
 Good luck .
 Oh , one more thing , Elijah .
 Those beasts that you 're referring to , they be under Esther 's control , but like you said , they 're my people , so if you hurt them , your bitch mother will be the least of your problems .


 [ Music playing ]
 Finally , you pick up your phone .
 I 've been trying to get ahold of you for days .
 Way to leave a girl hanging .
 I know . I should have called you back .
 I didn 't want you to worry .
 I just ...
 Things are complicated .
 Yeah , well , word on the streets ...
 And by streets , I mean Josh ...
 Is that you 've gone totally M. I. A.
 Seriously , are you ok ? I 'll be back soon , I promise , and ... and thanks for calling . Where are you ?
 I 'm fine .

 It 's good to hear your voice .
 Davina ? Davina ?
 Well , that was rather rude .
 Well , it 's a pleasure to see you , too , Camille .
 Don 't ... don 't do that crooked smile thing , ok ?
 I haven 't seen you for months , and now you 're appearing out of the blue ?
 What do you want ?
 I have a rather long list of people of people I need to track down and deal with , and at the top of that list is is a certain runaway witch .
 Maybe she doesn 't want to be found .
 And for good reason .
 Had I magically resurrected the insane vampire- hunting father of my sworn enemy , I 'd be hiding , too .
 Wait . What ?
 Oh , haven 't you heard ?
 Mikael the destroyer back from the dead , and by all accounts under the complete control of your little friend Davina .
 Well , you heard her clearly .
 She didn 't say where she was .
 Oh , on the contrary , luv .
 You just had to know how to listen .
 For instance , I heard cicadas , and I heard terns , but the real giveaway was the church bells .
 Did you know Davina 's family owns a little cabin in Terrebonne Parish ?
 It 's been abandoned for years , but a brief glimpse at a map shows it 's just a mile from the loveliest little chapel .
 So what 's the plan ?
 Well , the way I see it , if Davina wants to use
 Mikael to kill me , we just have two options .
 One , you reason with her .
 Two ...
 I don 't think you 'd like two very much .
 Fine . Let 's go .
 [ Chanting ]
 Kol , concentrate .
 Unless of course you 've finally heard from our missing Davina Claire .
 Well , it 's only a matter of time .
 I mean , look at this face .
 How long can she possibly resist ?
 Given your progress , I 'd say indefinitely .
 No matter .
 I 'll find her .
 Now focus .
 Conjure her in your mind .
 [ Chanting ]
 Clever girl .
 She 's somehow blocked our locator spells .
 Not entirely my fault then .
 Considering your sole task was keeping track of a teenager , you might want to draw a little less attention to your absolute failure to do so .
 You 're one to talk about your failure .
 You got that human girl to bare her soul to you yet , or are you too busy playing captain to a pack of mangy dogs to have any success as a fake head shrinker ?

 You know what your problem is , Kol ?
 - Oh , I would love to ... - Boys .
 Now if I 'm right , Davina has the white oak stake .
 Find the girl , Kol , and get it back .
 Davina : You don 't look so good .
 Those bites ?
 Werewolf venom is to be purged by force , not acquiesced to .
 And what is that , like , a viking bumper sticker ?
 Exactly how much longer are we gonna be hiding here like cowards ?
 Elijah saw you .
 If he knows you 're here , then Klaus does , too , so I 'm sorry , but until I unlink him from my friends , you 're stuck here with me .
 Confrontation is inevitable , child .
 Your fear will prove to be our greatest disadvantage .
 I 'm not afraid .
 Well , you should be .
 You are weak .
 But I 'm still in charge .
 By the way , I spelled it while you were purging .
 It won 't fall off again .
 Ah , yes . Your magic .
 How well did that serve you when the wolves attacked , hmm ?
 Magic can only ever fight half your battles .
 Remember that .
 Ok . Fine .
 You 're so tough , teach me .
 Teach you what ?
 How to be strong .
 Gia : We don 't want to run .
 Marcel : Look . I know , and I respect that .
 But believe me , there 's a big difference between wanting to fight and knowing how to win .
 So show us .
 You 've kicked their ass before .
 I 'm guessing you didn 't do it alone .
 Um , yeah .
 Not that I don 't dig the whole " karate kid " vibe that we got going on here , but how are we supposed to learn to defend ourselves from an army of superwolves in , like , one day ?
 Lesson one .
 Always be on your guard .
 Well , I trust our message was well- received .
 Loud and clear . Those vampires should be gone by tomorrow .

 In my experience , one can never be too careful with these creatures , so we 'll greet them with superior numbers .
 Would you bring the recruits , please sir ?
 Oliver , Aiden , I have a task for you .
 What 's going on here ?
 Tonight is luna sanguineus , a blood moon .
 Now 1, 000 years ago , your people marked this celestial event with a rite of passage , electing not to shrink from their nature but to embrace it with pride by slaying a human being and activating their curse .


 Tonight as unturned wolves , you will kill with the singular purpose of unleashing that warrior that lives within you .
 Aiden : They 're just a bunch of kids .
 Aiden , we can no longer afford to hide our children from the horrors of war .
 From now on , your either with us , or you 're against us .
 Come with me .
 What 's that ?
 The crest of our clan , a reminder that we always carry the honor of our ancestors before we go to battle .
 I wasn 't ready .
 First lesson , always be on your guard .
 It 's heavy .
 I was half your age the first time my father gave me the staff .
 I would have torn every muscle rather than let him see me strain , and had I ...
 He would have corrected me .
 No offense , but your dad sounds like a jerkwad .
 Mothers love their children .
 Fathers make them strong .
 My mother tried to sacrifice me , and my dad took off when I was born , so ...
 You 're anticipating .
 Do not let me see your move before you make it .
 Unh !
 Get up .
 I can 't . Unh .
 I hurt my ankle .
 The ability to endure pain is the warrior 's true weapon .
 Master that , and nothing holds power over you .
 Now on your feet .
 I said ...
 On ...
 Your ...
 Feet .
 Good .
 Perhaps you 've actually learned something today .
 [ Music playing ]
 " Wait in the car , you said .
 " I 'll be right back , " you said .
 Did I not sufficiently explain to you the urgency of this endeavor ?
 You 're the one who hijacked my afternoon to drag me along to this revenge fantasy of yours .
 Excuse me if I need a drink to take off the edge before the killing begins .
 So that 's your plan , is it ?
 Ply me with alcohol and then prattle on until I 'm convinced
 Davina and Mikael alone to plot my death ?
 No . My plan is to listen .
 Come on , Klaus .
 You could have eavesdropped on that phone call and vanished before I even knew you were there , so let 's just get to the part you you really want me to play ...

 Therapist , stenographer , drinking buddy .
 Call it whatever you want .
 I know why I 'm here .
 To give you the one thing you 've never had , someone to hear your side .
 So ...
 You want to kill your father .
 Fine . Let 's talk .
 [ Whimpering ]
 Hi .
 Um , I 'm sorry . I know I haven 't called in a while .
 Don 't be silly , luv . Are you all right ?
 Where are you ?
 Um , I 'll text you the address and maybe a list of things you can bring me .
 All right . I 'll be right there .
 As a devout feminist , I refuse to say that you hit like a girl .
 So let 's try this again , shall we ?
 Tell me again why I don 't get to be outside with everybody else , you know , with the nice teacher .
 You are my responsibility .
 Says the feminist .
 Fighting is rhythm .
 There is a music , there is a meter , there is a pattern .
 Let that rhythm beat within you .
 Again .
 Legato .
 Ostinato .
 Crescendo .
 And then once you 've established your cadence ...
 You change the key .
 Very nice .
 Now the head or the heart ?
 None of this means anything if you cannot make the kill .
 What if I can 't do it ?
 You will to survive .
 Now the head or the heart ?
 Elijah .
 We need to talk .
 We 're not here for a fight .
 Just hear him out .
 Speak .
 I suggest you be succinct .
 Please . I need your help .
 The witch wants soldiers .
 So now it 's either join up or pay the price .
 I 've known my brother Finn to be merciless .
 I 'll admit this exceeds even my expectations .
 They 're just kids .
 Marcel , you know the quarter like the back of your hand if anyone can get them out of here , it 's you .
 And take them where ?
 There are still wolves deep in the bayou , ones that didn 't take a ring .
 They can look after them .
 The ones who never sold out , you mean .
 If you want to look at it like that , that 's fine .
 We did what we had to do .
 You wolves have been fighting us for decades .
 Why trust us now ?
 One of the recruits is my little brother .
 There 's no way I 'm sending him to war .
 Tell us what you need .
 My mother 's intentions are far less savage than my father 's .
 She 'd prefer to place us all in new bodies , there by reuniting our family in some bizarre coven of extremely dysfunctional witches .
 So , what , are you just gonna kill her , too ?
 If only I could , but therein lies my predicament .
 If I kill her , she 'll just jump into another body , and if I somehow manage to thwart that nasty little inconvenience , she 'll rejoin the bloody witch ancestors and haunt me from beyond .


 Right now , Mikael has the white oak stake .
 He needs to die first .
 And how are you gonna do that unarmed ?
 I 've taken precautions .
 Oh , goodie . Papa Tunde 's mystical knife of ludicrous torment .

 Glad that 's still around .
 You know my parents dedicated their lives to making me feel weak and afraid .
 I 've killed them once already .
 I can do it again .
 Klaus , wait .
 I get it .
 The hurt your parents have inflicted on you for a thousand years , I understand what you are fighting against , but the real question is what are you fighting for ?
 Ask me to dance .
 You want to dance ?
 No . I never want to dance .
 I 'm actually really bad at it , but I 'm trying to make a point .
 There 's more to life than the pain that they made you feel .
 A cold beer , a slow song , a good friend .
 There are good things , Klaus .
 [ Music playing ]
 And you need to see that , too .
 There 's no real peace in revenge .
 [ Whoosh ]
 [ Sighs ]
 Yeah . I 've read about this .
 I 've never actually seen it firsthand .
 It appears someone has knocked you head over heels quite literally , and I thought I 'd have that honor .
 Hmm .
 Ugh ! It smells like ...
 The wrong end of something quite dead , yeah .
 It 's just a little something I picked up from a shaman bloke in Uganda .
 There we go .
 [ Inhales ]
 Wow ! The pain 's just ...
 Whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa .
 It 's magic , right , it 's not a miracle .
 [ Sighs ]
 It 's quite a spell you 've got going here .
 I mean , not to pry , but I figured you had your secrets after our last date ended in a werewolf bar brawl .
 Yeah . I 'm sorry about that .
 That 's right . I never really liked dull girls anyway .
 That said , what exactly is going on here ?
 You 're still not the trusting sort .
 Do you trust me ?
 Are you slicked ?
 Those sad eyes might fool some people but not me .
 I know what you 're after .
 You 've got a lecherous heart Davina Claire .
 I won 't be used , not for my body nor my medicinal herbs .
 We can hold hands , that 's it .
 Whatever it is you 're up to , well , you can tell me when you 're good and ready .
 Now the kids are being held in the city of the dead until we bring them through the quarter to St. Anne 's church .
 Aiden :
 Now meanwhile , Vincent is holding a meeting with a few humans in the know , the ones who have been reluctant to fall in line with his new leadership .

 He 's going to use the children to kill any opposition .
 Activate their curse , send a message to anyone who 's thinking about going against him .
 It 's two birds , one bloodbath .
 Ok . So we 'll hit them while the kids are on the move .
 Aiden , make certain you and Oliver escort the children .
 We 'll handle the rest .
 Wait , wait , wait , wait .
 Esther and her psycho sun are already giving me the stink- eye .
 These kids go missing on my watch , I 'm as good as dead .
 You wanted to help your people and make amends for the past .
 This is your chance .
 What have we here , a liar and a thief ?
 I 'm just looking about .
 Give me one good reason why I shouldn 't kill you right here !
 The bracelet the witch uses to control you .
 I 'm a witch .
 I know the magic to turn it off .
 You 'll be free to do whatever you want , provided you promise not to harm me .
 Agh !
 I take it we have a deal .
 [ Music playing ]
 Watch it .
 You take the kids .
 Split up and find them !
 Oliver : Listen up , listen up . We got to go .
 Don 't ask questions . Just move .
 Come on . Go , go .
 Hayley : Ollie , this way .
 Come on , come on .
 Go ahead .
 It 's a passageway from the prohibition days .
 It 'll take us pretty much anywhere we want to go .
 Where are they ?
 They should be right behind me .
 Any minute now .
 Hey . Where 's Marcel ?
 Oh , he 's getting the getaway car .
 Hayley : Hey , bigmouths . Shut it .
 There are werewolves everywhere .
 [ Clatter ]
 Here we go . About time .
 [ Wolves growling ]
 Don 't bother trying to run .
 We 've got you surrounded .
 What , you don 't think that we would be dumb enough to bring them here , do you ?
 Elijah : Yes . I do apologize for any inconvenience .
 The little ones you seek are elsewhere , which I suppose leaves you here with me .
 You 're the ones that don 't seem to understand .
 We 're not looking for the kids .
 The witch wants you .
 You listen to me very carefully .
 I told a good friend I 'd do my very best to spare the lives of her people .
 You leave right now , I will honor that .
 Stay , and the situation becomes irrefutably awkward .
 Very well .
 You should probably leave .
 Either I 'm in , or I 'm out , right ?
 Marcel : Let 's go . Move .
 Aiden : Nick .
 Aiden , you made it .
 Of course I did .
 Told you I 'd be here , didn 't I ?
 Go .
 Thank you , both of you .
 No problem .
 We 're all fighting for the same thing , you know ?
 Just trying to protect he ones that we love .
 [ Ambulance starts ]
 Well , I guess that 's all they got .
 So it would seem .
 Unh !
 Actually , I 'm just getting started .
 [ Groans ]
 Perhaps your next body will last a little longer than this one , brother .
 Unh !
 Ugh !
 No .
 [ Groaning ]
 You phone is chockfull of texts .
 Who 's ... who 's Cami ?
 Come with me now .
 [ Chanting ]
 Aah !
 Klaus : Enough games , Davina !
 Send out my father .
 Let 's finish this .
 Release me , or I will kill you right now !
 Klaus : Davina !
 Is this not what you brought him for ?
 I 'm not afraid !
 [ Chanting ]
 Hello ... boy .
 You seem rather impatient .
 Are you so eager to meet your end ?
 I 'm only eager to stand over your burning corpse again .
 Only this time , I intend to enjoy it more .
 I 've traveled all the way back from hell for this moment .
 Well , then I 'd hate to keep you waiting .
 [ Grunting ]
 Aagh !
 Aagh !
 Hyah !
 Aah !
 Aaaugh !
 [ Groaning ]
 [ Groaning ]
 [ Panting ]
 Where is she ?
 If something happened to her , Klaus , I swear to God !
 She 'll wake with a spectacular headache , but given her intentions for me , she should count herself lucky .
 Davina 's fine .
 Of course if you drop dead of a heart attack ,
 I may have to kill her on general principle .
 You 're the one who ditched me at the bar .
 I had to hitchhike and then run on the back roads of the bayou !
 Well , your perseverance is duly is noted .
 Oh , shut up .
 I am so mad at you , I can hardly speak , but I am here , and it is to tell you ...
 Not to bargain with you and not to shame you but to tell you under no circumstances will you hurt that girl , do you understand me ?
 You have my word .
 Is that Mikael ? Is he ...
 He 's still alive and in complete and utter agony .
 I decided to take your advice and keep him that way .
 [ Music playing ]
 Didn 't think you were gonna show .
 Didn 't think you were a vampire .
 Ditto on the whole leader of a werewolf army thing .
 P. S. these pictures don 't really do you justice .
 You 're way hotter in person , you know , when you 're not murdering people .
 You know , I shouldn 't have come .
 Yeah ...
 But you did .
 Why ?
 I guess I hoped seeing you might make me feel a little less ...
 I don 't know ... Alone .
 Ok . Look .
 Maybe for tonight , we could pretend things are different .
 I 'm not a vampire , you 're not a wolf , the city isn 't about to implode .
 We could just ... I don 't know ...
 Be ourselves .
 I 'd like that .
 Well , we did it .
 I never thought I 'd see the day when " we " meant us .
 Well , you 're a vampire now .
 First rule is never say never because never ain 't that long , and what we did today , it was the right thing , but , you know , it 's gonna make things worse between your people and mine .

 There 's a life lesson for you , baby vamp .
 It always gets worse before it gets better .
 [ Music playing ]
 We left Elijah out there .
 I worry about a lot of things where Elijah 's concerned , but trust me .
 Look .
 He can take care of himself .
 [ Gasps ]
 [ Bones cracking ]
 What do you want ?
 I only want us to be a family again , Elijah , but I 'm so sorry .
 In order for that to happen , you must be purified .
 [ Music continues ]
