0 0 : 0 0 : 1 5 , 1 6 0 - -&gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 1 9 , 0 7 9 Kids when you are single are dedicated to finding lifelong happiness but only once in all the love stories you experience happy ending
Others end up with one injured party and what I 'm going to tell is a story that ends that way and it started because of a shirt

Shirt, listen to me, if it wasn 't for that shirt, this thing wouldn 't have happened

Nice shirt isn 't it? Is it not?
Look at the color green and brown mixed together
New, bro? Newly bought
The most insane
I 've had this shirt for 6 years and I didn 't notice it at all until this morning
But now it 's like my tastes have changed
Booger uh, hello, Barney Barney gave me 50 bucks to say v  M stupid things on the live broadcast
no stupid shit, booger
I still won 't do this I 'm a journalist
What?! Reporter?
You 're just making scraps at the end of the news
old man child monkey
It 's not journalism just . . . the childish things babies do
You probably don 't know the boss wants me here
Town Hall Town Hall? Big Shots
I 'm not going to say 'booger' for 50 bucks, it will jeopardize my promotion
Of course not this time I 'll give you $100 if you say 'nipples'
Enter my trap

uh whose bourbon is this
Oh I didn 't know it was here when we sat down
Ah . . . the point is
I seem to be starting to like bourbon now
I used to swear I hated bourbon
First shirts, now bourbons It took me 27 years to form likes and dislikes, right?
A movie that I hated after seeing it once I don 't want to go to a second city because it was raining when I went
It may be time to take a fresh look at things
Did you finally watch Seven Treasures again?' S lothlovechunk
I didn 't mean 'Seven Treasures', I mean girls
If there was a girl in the past that I didn 't think was right for me but she was, like this shirt
actually suits me
Wait, there are only two reasons why you should date a girl you 've dated before
breast . . . transplant

You know, this attention is not bad
Make Me Think About Ted 's Former Girlfriends Best Collection
How about Steph
S t e p h
Well, it 's kind of hard to say y X back when I lived in Los Angeles and I was broke so I spent a month making adult movies


wow okay
How many did you take
What to say about people who work in porn, they work hard
how about that girl uh jackie
. . my bathrobe slid down completely

I know how you feel when I was 16 when I was driving into a guy who was trying to hitch a ride
I don 't know what happened to him-- just keep driving my car
uh . . . don 't
What about Natalie?
N a t a l i e
who is Natalie
Natalie I have a lot of good memories with her
The candles on her coffee table The sock monkeys she collects on the bed The Glassco song she 's been listening to
Her smile God, I haven 't seen her in about 3 years

Well why did you break up
I didn 't want to make a commitment then
Of course it doesn 't look bad now
maybe i should find her what do you think
you dumped a tertiary star
Our friendship is over Our friendship is over
Come in
ok, see me later
do you want to see me mr Adam yes
I need you to cover a story right over there at City Hall
town Hall
Oh my god
Then next time you pass City Hall don 't forget to find this New York 's oldest hot dog cart
A yummy hot dog will cost you $2.50 but go back to 1955
You can buy a hot dog with just one nipple live Robin T rubotsky from Metro News One
I said 'nipples' on the news
This is so unprofessional I said 'nipples' on the news
Better boogers than 'boogers' at least
where are you
Hey, is it cold in here I can almost see Robin 's purse
Now for your next challenge
No more challenges I don 't care how much you give
Oh ask yourself Robin
We all know it 's not about money, of course, City News One pays you, Jack, but more salad greens are good for you, Mr. McGee and I.
Seriously, who said that
What little baby really gets is the thrill of giving a lesson to those who work hard and don 't appreciate you, let alone promote you.
Then for the other two hundred oceans
Little baby will look at this lens and say
I 'm just imagining
I have to go back to work
bye bye
Baby will think about this

I found it. I found Natalie 's phone number.
Hey Ted! Nice shirt back to yesterday
I 'm going to call her it 's kinda crazy
I haven 't spoken to her in about 3 years I wonder if she remembers me

Hello Natalie
I 'm Ted M osby
go to hell
she remembers me

Why did Natalie hang up on you?
I have no idea
Have you slept with her sister?
Then have you slept with her mother?
I 'm losing interest in your story
Well, you must have done something to make this happen
why did you break up
He 's not ready to commit
Then her birthday is coming up well I don 't want to give it to someone I 'm about to break up with
Give a boyfriend-level gift
so you dumped her before her birthday
It 's not that I didn 't dump her before her birthday


Natalie ! Hey happy birthday
listen
Never break up on a girl 's birthday Lily Don 't do it! Shirts

I know! I made a mistake
Well, did she swell her eyes from crying?
I don 't know how you can . . ?

no you
Natalie ! Hey happy birthday
listen
You are very good
really good
Very nice I 'm busy now so
Maybe there 's a rest between us
but you 're nice
on the answering machine
Lily, don 't do this on her birthday?
Oh who would break up on someone 's birthday and on the answering machine?
yeah bro you should e-mail say
That 's not the point I want to express Matthew
It 's horrible to break up like this ok I 'm defending my client

Is there any way to break up with someone that isn 't scary? No personally I 'd rather hear bad news from an answering machine
Better to feel ashamed than face-to-face It 's a way to lessen the harm
Who are you calling hi Matthew this is Lily
We won 't have sex for at least a month
But you 're fine, bye bye
no it was a big mistake ted you should say goodbye to your face
thanks
'Crazy Desperate Don 't Leave Me' sex is amazing

ok it 's childish stupid i just
I don 't want to see her cry
Well guess what she 's still crying
You just can 't face those tears
I used to be like that
Now a brand new teddy Ted in his old shirt
I 'm going to get this right
Did you know my sister . . . 'newly married and turning thirty' sex
Brilliant, it should have been something to be happy about
Turned into tragedy because E thel and Sadie Margolis, New York 's oldest twins, turned 100 on their 100th birthday.
passed away suddenly
I 'm a dirty, dirty girl live streaming Robin T rubotsky by metronewsone

Clearance
Joel Adams is waiting for you in the office
When you say y soy 颡 hinder e
I want to say u sha u love to work here
That 's good then my dog ​​keeps going


what 's going on here . . . what
You have dogs too, don 't you? What do you think is going on?
take him to the vet
genius
i owe you a favor

That 's what you want to say, right?

Don 't have anything to tell about the twins oh well done to you
New York loves you you are a superstar bye bye
That 's when Robin realized that no one
Even her boss doesn 't watch Metro News 1
Hi

Natalie ! Don 't do this I just want to say u 瓻靬 bon p
I 'm only here because you don 't answer my call
hey i have an idea -
why don 't you use an answering machine
very funny
Okay, I 'll leave this sock monkey and go
goodbye

God it 's all right, listen, listen, listen, I know you 're angry but

happy birthday wishes 3 years ago
Oh yeah? Whatever you want3 years ago
Listen, listen, leave that message for you, I 'm such an idiot
I realize how annoying that is
no you don 't
Maybe there 's a rest between us
but you 're nice
ok bye

surprise it
was there a surprise party that night
why no one told me
People think I can 't keep secrets but I can
sorry about this, listen natalie
I was a stupid kid who was afraid to make promises
I guess you suddenly get ready to get married and settle down
Well actually yes
I 'm totally different now
give me one more chance
You probably think I have absolutely no self-esteem
Don 't be like that, just have some coffee together
Please don 't do this, Natalie give him a chance
Don 't be too arrogant
Possibly the effect of caffeine
Your skills are totally up a level
Thanks I just started a subscription to Esquire (fashion magazine)
There are some useful columns in the next
from the October issue
Natalie and I are dating again
Just like that, the old ones are back
Candle Sock Monkey
Glasgow all these
Like happiness is not far away from me
uh i gotta go
I 'm going to learn K rav M aga in half an hour
K rav M aga she actually learned K rav M aga so cool
Thanks, dear

bye guys bye take your time

Brother what is K rav M aga
I don 't know any kind of yoga
You know this is Natalie she 's with the times
Well she 's the best girl you 've dated in years
Grab this to Ted
Well I have to break up with her


I don 't get it, man Natalie is great
I know she 's great but I have to break up with her
why you can 't stop bothering that poor girl
I know I hate this the past 3 weeks have been great
I should have fallen in love with her but I can 't find the feeling
I don 't know how to express it in words
Can 't express it well

So when are you going to break up with her
she might be in the subway now
You can leave her voicemail
Beep! 'Dump' and hang up
I have to do it face to face
I just don 't know what to say
'I 'm not ready to commit' oh that 's cliché
It 's not a cliché, it 's a classic
In the breakup rules this is the 'stairway to heaven'

Well Natalie deserves better treatment
Better break up with no good or bad
Only less embarrassing
The reasons for breaking up are old-fashioned
It 's more comfortable
I already told her I 'm ready to commit so
Oh my god there 's no way out I gotta marry her
No no we 'll help you out of trouble
hmm this
'It 's not your fault it 's my problem'
A few words - 'You look fat in jeans' and you 're free to leave
Ted, have you considered telling her the truth?
Seriously darling we men are trying to figure it out
Ted what 's the truth and why you broke up with her
Fact? She 's not the one I want
Then just tell her that oh you can 't tell her this
This is so scary why is this so scary
What 's so scary about this she 's not the one I want
Does this sound sad? A man 's chance to find his other half
about 1 part in 6 billion
Yeah, it 's harder than winning the lottery
Exactly, you don 't think it 's your fault if you don 't win the lottery
ok dude tell her the truth she 's gonna cry
Well he 'll handle like a man
I gotta be mature. Want to talk about maturity?
I just slapped my ass at the end of the report
A great show is born
Well T rubotsky new challenge this one is tougher
The money is also a full 1,000 yuan more. You heard me right?
you just do this on the news


what the hell is this
I ckey dance when you do this, say Elbert 'disgusting' woods (Elber I ckey Woods, football star) (I ckey dance is his signature celebration)
The Bengals fired you in  '91, what a fool you were 1,525 yards rushing in total
2 7 touchdowns will not be forgotten
So Coach Dave Shula (who released Elbert during his tenure) went to your motherfucker and your rotten steakhouse (after leaving the coaching desk, Dave opened a steakhouse)
write it down to me
What 's the point of caring, no one 's watching anyway, right?
God she will cry
This is the law of love boy
Thank you Lily just like that I took Natalie out to dinner on the 2nd night
do mature things

Listen uh Na talie something I have to say
Oh wait on my thing I gotta say first I didn 't just get one or two at work today
It 's three birthday cakes so let 's just skip the cakes tonight
is today your birthday
it 's okay i didn 't tell anyone
Today is your birthday! I
I have nothing for you
oh it 's okay
You know you 've given me the best birthday present
I can trust people again

you are welcome

Oh sir, have some more wine
H e n r y
As New York 's oldest and most handsome carriage carrier you 've seen so much in the past 60 years you 've worked
What excites you the most
uh . . . ah right here
oh man it 's starting
Ladies and gentlemen, if you could stop and watch TV
You 'll see some incredible things later when I was 72 Mickey Mantle (New York Yankees cooking star)
4th time in my carriage
Come on baby show your hand but the moment that excites me the most
this moment
what
look at me i 'm on tv
I never thought I could tell my own story
Thank you Miss Robin T rubotsky
thanks go on
Aunt Robin realizes how important her work is
I am honored to be able to report your story, Henry, you have to know that City News 1 may not be the best program in the media industry.
But I 'm proud wow
Oh . . . ! Oh my god I fell in horse shit
oh god that got my hair
did you plan
not Matthew
It 's beyond my imagination so if you go to Alabama my mom will cook you those giant lobsters
By the way she would love to see you
Listen to Natalie, something I have to say
Uh, can 't think of a good way to say this
i want to break up
I don 't think you 're the one I want
I don 't want to waste your time because I really like you I don 't want to do wrong to you
The best way is that I should be honest with you
I 'm very sorry

oh god cry
Only tears can relieve pain

I 'm not the one you want?
I 'm sorry I 'm just me I I think the mature approach is
Today is my birthday and I know I didn 't realize it
Today is my birthday and you tell me that I 'm not the one you want?
it 's really no big deal
I mean it 's like you didn 't win the lottery
Oh dating you is like winning the lottery ?
no oh no oh i didn 't mean that
Okay so what 's the problem?
me
I do not know how to explain it
try this. . . don 't know how to express it
i can 't express
No no no no
'Can 't express' Can 't express means can 't explain
oh my stupid
It took 3 years to forget you
But you found me again begging me to be reconciled with you
Just so you can dump me in 3 weeks again on my birthday
No this this this is not what you think I just
this is this
what? i 'm just busy right now
Remember Natalie said
I have a K rav M aga class in half an hour
K rav M aga is not a type of yoga
It is a boxing technique invented by the Israeli army for street guerrilla warfare.
This is a tribute to the two gentlemen at the bar
my knee got in my hair
Isn 't it good to know that people are watching this show?


oh god are you okay
What 's wrong with you
I said y X the truth
Facts mean a big punch
oh man
oh you did it right i 'm so proud of you
my heart is bleeding
Hey Ted do you know what cheers me up when I 'm down
Other people 's misfortune you missed the wonderful things
Can 't there be a guy in the whole bar who didn 't see my embarrassment?
ok are you ok
I really think I used a good way this time
I guess there 's no good way at all sometimes no matter how hard you try to do the right thing you end up falling
fell on a pile of horse shit
You see my phone is online now
It does not matter
This is how my story with Natalie ends
There is no happiness forever, only hurt and that 's it
All the happy memories are replaced by these injuries but you know what
That night was so bad, Natalie got married in less than a year.
Now she has 3 beautiful children
This is the positive side of being hurt
sometimes happens for some reason

You got beat up by a girl
Is that what you learned from this story?
You got beat up by a girl
Hey she learned K rav M aga


