0 0 : 0 0 : 0 2 , 6 0 0 - - &gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 0 5 , 7 8 0 to connect usingthewords ' like ' and ' as '
'I slept like a log' 'I sleptlikealog'
'I 'm as hungry as a horse' 'I 'mhungryasahorse'
'your love is like bad medicine' 'yourloveislikebadmedicine.'

Here are the lyrics of T hat  ' s B on J ovi by singer Bon Jovi .
Well Okay.
His hair is awesome Hishairisawesome .
Next Moveon .
Metaphors are different from similes. Metaphorsaredifferentf romsimiles.

Many people say that I have a cleanliness addiction I  ' vebeencalledagermopho be ,
But I think a sneeze is bearable but I dofindasinglesneezeac ceptable.
It may be because of dust allergies I tcouldbecausedbydust , allergies - - or all kinds of things that can make your respiratory tract uncomfortable really , whatevernasalirritant floatsyourboat .
But what about . . . How . . . during flu season . . .
A second sneeze means a plague will come from heaven. .
Where are you going W heredoyouthinkyou  ' regoing ?
Away from you A wayfromyou .
Why  ' s that ?
I still want to live I wanttolive .
I didn 't get sick and went back to my seat I 'mnotsick.
G e t   b a c k   i n   y o u r   s e a t .
No thanks No o , thankyou .
You know the school rules Youknowtherules .
You are not allowed to leave the classroom without a consent card Youcan  ' tleavewithoutahallpas s .
So can I ask for a consent card May I haveahallpass ?
No, don 't give No o , youmaynot .
Go back to your seat and sit down N owgetbackinyourseat .
Rules are the pillars of civilized society.
I love rules I love rules .
But what good do rules bring to the dead Butwhatbenefitarerules toadeadman ?
♪ No one in the world is stronger than me♪ ♪ No bodyelseisstrongerth an I am ♪
♪ Yesterday I moved a mountain ♪ ♪ Y esterday I movedamountain ♪
♪ I believe I can be your hero♪ ♪ I bet I couldbeyourhero ♪
♪ I 'm an amazing little guy ♪ ♪ I amamightylittleman ♪
♪ I 'm an amazing little guy ♪ ♪ I amamightylittleman ♪
juvenile
Shelton

Just ask Excuseme .
Do I look like I 'm going to be sick D o I looklike I  ' mgettingsicktoyou ?
You look a little pale Y oulookalittlepale .
That 's great O kay , good , that  ' snormal . I know Sheldon is an extraordinary childNo , I understand S heldonisanexceptional child , allright , but
When he deliberately disobeyed the teacher 's orders whenhewillfully disobe ystheorderofteacher,
Gotta make him understand what the consequences thereeedstobesomecon sequencehere.
We totally agree with Oh , wecouldn  ' tagremore .
What kind of punishment are you going to give him Whatkindofpunishmentar eyouthinking ?
Mary, his situation is probably a few days of school probation, Well, Mary, inacaselikethis, afewdaysofdetention.
Is it really a bit heavy? Really ? T hatseemsalittleharsh .
School probation is not that serious. Oh , detention  ' snobigdeal . My principal used to beat my ass No ow , myprincipal usedtowhup myasswithapaddle .

That made me learn T hatgotmyattention .
Yes, it was a good day back then. Oh, yeah.
T h o s e   w e r e   t h e   d a y s .
My beat is still in S tillhavemine .

San Chi Bao Pai O l  ' S panky .

- The grip is nice- Yeah George- G otarealnicegriponthat thing. - Y eah , George .
Specially asked the equipment manager of other places to build Hadtheequipmentmanager overatthe A strosmakethisforme for me. These holes in the middle Theholesinit . . .
Can effectively reduce wind resistance cutdownonwindresistan ce .
Smart move Smart . But now you need a parental consent letter to spank a child Butthesedaysyouhavetoh aveaconsentform
Get permission to play towhackthekids.
I really don 't know how this world is going to become. I don  ' tknowwhere this world  ' sheaded .
When little George is not good, you also go get this Yououghttogetoneofthos eforwhen G eorgieactsup . Why you never thought of asking little GeorgeL ikeyouneverthoughtabo utgoingupsidehishead
Eat a full-fisted look withaslabofwood.
Thinking back then, when I swung this racket, I got tennis elbow. Youknow, therewasatimethisthin ggavemetenniselbow.


Here comes Sheldon . . .
O k a y ,   S h e l d o n ,   c o m e   o . . .
Where did he go W here  ' dhego ? T hataway over there .









What are you doing, kid What youdoing , kid ?!



Enjoy this scene E njoythis . I tis , byfar ,
This is the most active two minutes of my life, themostathletictwomin utesofmyentirelife.



Isn 't it funny? I t  ' snotfunny .
Where is not funny Oh , comeon , now .
Sheldonindetention - - that  ' sfunny .
I think it will actually help him I actually thinkit  ' dbegoodforhim .
He has to learn that he is not special. H eneedstolearnhe 'snotspecial.
But he is a special child, B utheisspecial .
You know I don 't mean that he can 't Youknowwhat I mean . He can  ' tjust
If you want to get out of the classroom, go out of the classroom. He has no privilege. Walkoutofaclassroom ' causehefeelslikeit.
He was worried that he might catch a cold Hewasworriedaboutcatch ingacold .
It 's a legitimate concern that T hatisalegitimateconce rn . And now he 's caught in a room full of hooligans A ndnowhe  ' sindangerofbeingmugge d
The danger of ransomware robbery amid the byaroomfulofhoodlums.
Won 't he be blackmailed? H e  ' snotgettingmugged
Then there are teachers watching them whileateacherwatches  'em . But it 's not a bad thing you leave a few bucks on Sheldon
Save himself some life-saving money tobuyhimselfsomeprote ction .
It 's not a bad idea. T hat  ' sactuallynotabadidea .


What are you doing What are youdoing ?
nothing .
Is that chewing tobacco I sthatchewingtobacco ?
It 's chewing gum, why are you looking for me? I t  ' schocolate B azooka . What doyouwant ?
I thought you could give me some advice and I thoughtyoucouldgiveme sometips .
You 're pretty dick just walk out of the classroom T hatwasprettybadass , youwalkingoutofclassl ikethat .
I didn 't mean to be that 'tricky' but thanks for the compliment I twasnotmyintentiontob ebad ' a ' word , butthankyou . The only thing you need to worry about on probation is Theonlythingyouneedtow orryaboutindetention
is not close enough to the teacher isstayingclosetothete acher .
When the teacher leaves the classroom remember to follow him I fheleaves theroom , yougowithhim .
why ?
If you don 't follow him, be careful of being 'hanged' up and beaten  ' C auseyou  ' regonnagetyour ' a ' wordkicked .
Do you mean I could be physically harmed? A reyousaying I 'llbeinphysicaldanger? The worst kids in schoolI t 'salltheworstkidsinschool
After school was left in a classroom for an hour inoneroomforanhour.
What do you think is going to happen Whatdoyouthink  ' sgonnahappen ? I thought we were going to take that time to reflect on ourselves
Then figure out how we can improve in the future and thinking about how we could be better in the future .
You 're wrong, back off. Well, youthoughtwrong. Getlost.
You are fierce and kind to me You  ' rebothmeanandnicetome .
It 's so confusing. I t  ' sconfusing .

Maybe I 'm chewing the wrong way. Maybe I 'mdoingthiswrong.
Have you been placed on academic probation Haveyoueverbeenindetention ?
no No .
But I take the school bus to school every day B ut I dotake the schoolbus .
The car is also not a charity home An ndthatisnoparty.
More like a mobile mental hospital I t  ' slikeamentalhospitalo nwheels .
Your simile is well used T hat  ' sagooduseofsimile .
Thank you Thanks .
Well see you tomorrow Well , I  ' llseeyoutomorrow .

I hope I hope .

Hello everyone, I 'm here to stay on school probation Hello .
I ' m   h e r e   f o r   d e t e n t i o n .
Where is the teacher W hereistheteacher ?
Not yet to N othereyet .

I have three dollars I have three dollars .
You are welcome to share Feelfreetoshareitwitht heothers.
Ned
W ouldyoupreferapieceof paper ?
I have some I havesomeinmybriefcase in my suitcase.
Just tell me if you change your mind I t  ' shereifyouchangeyourm ind .
Okay, the scumbags all know the rules A llright , losers , youknowhowthisworks .
No talking, no tricks for an hour.O nehour , nottalking , nohorseplay .
Sheldon Sheldon ? Hello Mr. Givens Hello , Mr. Givens .
How are you here W hyareyouhere ?
I didn 't want to catch a cold from Mr. Mark Elroy I didn  ' twanttocatchacoldfrom M s . M ac Elroy ,
I walked out of her class even though she didn 't give a permit so I leftherclassroomwitho utahallpass .
It is true that the disease is spreading around Well, somethingisgoingaroun d.
My throat is also a little itchy I actuallyhadalittletic kleinmythroat .
ok it 's time for me to go, nice to meet you Okay, timetogo.
N i c e   m e e t i n g   y o u .
What are you doing W hoa , what - whatareyoudoing ?
Have you ever heard of the stress response 'fight or flight' You  ' veheardoffightorflight ? I 'm fleeing T hisisflight now.


Not so funny now. Notsofunnynow , isit ?
- yes - how long has he been suspended - No o .
-   H o w   l o n g   i s   h e   s u s p e n d e d   f o r ?   一 周   A   w e e k .
And it will be permanently recorded in his archives Anditgoesonhispermanen trecord . It 's no big deal Well , that  ' snobigdeal .
I have more things permanently recorded in my high school years I hadallkindsofstuffonm ypermanenthighschoolr record .
That didn 't stop me from being a bartender for eight years D idn  ' tstopmefrombeingabart enderforeightyears .
I think the real problem that needs to be addressed is germ phobia I thinktherealissuewene edtodealwithishisgerm phobia .
Yeah you don 't want him to be Howard Hughes Oh , yes , youdon  ' twanthimturninginto H oward Hughes .
American entrepreneurs and actors have obsessive-compulsive disorder and cleanliness in their later years. Cut their nails and hair once a year
Nails so old and long Growinghisnailsout .
Urine in a jar P eeinginajar .
- why does he pee in the jar - how do i know why - W hywouldhepeeintoajar ? - I don  ' tknowwhyhepeedinajar , that 's what he does anyway I justknowhedid .

I hate to say that I hatetosayit , but I think we need help in this situation but I thinkweneed helpwithth is . What helperL ikewhat ?
Maybe take him to the good doctor who can calm him down Maybewecouldtakehimtot hatnicedoctorwhocalme dhimdown is that when hewasconvincedheh adanenlargedprostate Sheldon was convinced he had an enlarged prostate ?
Sheldon calmed down because doctors told him S heldononlycalmeddownw henthedoctortoldhim
What to do for a prostate exam whathappensinaprostat eexam . The doctor inserts his finger into the patient 's anus
Poor little guy P oorthing .
I still talk about that sometimes now S tilltalksaboutit .

Thank you for taking the time to see our doctor T hankyouforseeingus , Doctor .
You are welcome No oproblem .
What 's wrong with you today, Sheldon S o , whatdoyougottoday , S heldon ?
Rickets Rabies Rickets ? Rabies ?
Early-onset menopause Early - onsetmenopause ?
Is he kidding I shemakingajoke ?
I think it is I believeso . Really humorous Humorous . Sheldon  ' snotsick ,
But he 's a little overly panicked about the consequences of catching a cold or flu buthehasbecomeoverlyc oncernedwithgettingac oldortheflu. What 's the symptom? Runny nose, sore body, Well, anysymptoms--runnynose, achy,

- sore throat fever - no - sorethroat , fever ? - No o . Well Sheldon even if you have a cold A llright , well , S heldon , ifyoudocatchacold ,
Or even the flu, it 's not the end of the world, it 's . . . it  ' snottheendoftheworld.
The fluwastheendofthewo rldforhalfamillion A mericans who died during the 1918 flu
500,000 Americans say the flu is the end of the world during the influenzaepi demicof 1 9 1 8 .
- Is it - In India - R eally ? - I n I ndia
17 million people died as a result.
Okay we got a little off topic O kay , I think we  ' regetting off the subjec t . Doctor Sheldon is afraid to go to school Doctor , S heldonisafraidtogotos chool
because he thinks he might becausehemightgetexpo sed
Exposure to certain bacteria or viruses tosomekindofbacteriao rvirus .
So does he have a phobia of S ohe  ' sgotaphobia ?
If the threat is real this is not a phobia I t  ' snotaphobiaifthethrea tisreal . You are a doctor You should know this You should know that .
Sheldon, you have nothing to worry about.
Even if you do get the flu E venifyoudidgettheflu , usually within a week it  ' susuallyoverinaweek .
Why should we listen to a smoker 's medical advice W hyarewegettingmedical advicefromamanwhosmok es ?
- Sheldon - Well - S heldon . - O - O kay ,
I 'm going to treat really sick patients I have patients who are act uallysick .
Maybe we should say goodbye to Maybeweshouldwrapthisup .
How can you not get sick all day long Howcomeyoudon  ' tgetsickallthetime ? Because I take precautions Well , I takeprecautions .
I wash my hands and wear gloves and a mask. I washmyhands, I wearglovesandamask.

Mom, how are you doing today S o , M om , howwasyourday ?
Are we going to pretend we can 't see We  ' reignoringthis ?
Well Okay.

So beautiful So opretty .
What 's the matter What 'sgoingon?
I 'm not feeling well I 'mnotfeelingsogood.
Biohazard Biohazard Biohazard !
B iohazard ! Stupid Sucker . International News Innationalnews ,
Early onset and irregular flu season is hitting our country anunusually earlyly fluse asonisbuffetingthecou ntry . The doctor said that the flu strain originated in China Doctorssaythestrain , originating in China ,
This time it is particularly severe.
Children and the elderly are high-risk groups C hildrenandtheelderlya remostatrisk .
Sheldon, why are you still not sleeping? S heldon, whyareyoustillup?
We will all die We  ' reallgonnadie !

It 's not funny at all T hisisn  ' tfunny ! I know baby I know I know , baby , I know . But you gotta understand that sometimes Butyouneed to understand thatsometimes
The news is just scaremongering, the news says something sjusttoscarepeople.
Well, it 's working! Come to C omehere.
I know you don 't believe this I knowyoudon  ' tbelieveinthis ,
But I will do it anyway but I  ' mgonnadoitanyway . Lord I pray Lord for my son Sheldon , I prayformyson S heldon please protect him from all sickness and disease that you protect him from allillnessanddisease ,
take care of his health and keep him well and keephimhealthyandk eephimsafe ,
Please protect him from head to toe and protect him fromhish eadtohistoes,
Inside and out Amen insideandout.
A m e n .
You are right I don 't believe this You  ' reright . I don  ' tbelieveinthat .
But it does make me feel better thanks Butitdidfeelgood .
T h a n k s .
In the Bible this is called Inthe Bible, that  'scalled ahedgeofprotection.
Why do you keep laughing W hydoyoukeepsmiling ?
Baby you gotta look at your maskY ouneedtolookatyourmas k , baby .

Missy Missy ? !

We have to go to school and Sheldon doesn 't have Wehavetogotoschool, and S heldondoesn 't?
- It 's not fair - Of course - T hat  ' snotfair . - Sureitis .
Sheldon loves school but can 't go to S heldonlovesschoolandc an  ' tgo .
You hate studying but you have to go to fair Youhateschool and haveto .
F a i r .
He still has to do housework at home. He stillhastospendhisda ydoingchores .
Can 't just play around with his trains
Yeah let him work good tutor Dad Yeah , puthimtowork . Goodparenting , Dad .
I 'm glad you approved Oh, I 'mladyouapprove.
Yes I do .
Where are you going W hereyougoing ?
I 'm going to arrange housework for Sheldon. I 'mgonnagive S heldonalistofchores.
Did you actually take my advice You  ' reactually taking my adv ice ?
Your suggestion is reasonable. Hey, youweredue.
Proud of you George P roudofyou , George .


Sheldon S heldon ?
in Yes.
The door is locked can you open the door  ' slocked .
Can youopenit ? No No No .
What 's up with Whatonearth?


- hello- what are you doing- hello .
- What are youdoing ? I made a real sterile protective layer I madearealgerm - proofhedgeofprotection n .
You can 't live in it darling Oh, honey, you can ' tstayinthere. I have a fridge and my sleeping bag I ' vegotarefrigerator , I  ' vegotmysleepingbag ,
If I need anything else I can make it out of Lego andanythingelse I need I canmakeoutof Legos .
Then why are you wearing your Halloween clothes What  ' swith the H alloweencostume ?
In order to prevent the sterile layer from being invaded Incaseofabreach.

Stay there and don 't move S tayrightthere .
That 's exactly what T hat  ' smyplan meant .
George George ?

Just when you think he 's about to transform Just when you thinkhe  ' sgonnazig ,
He gave you a big reversal yougetabigoldzag . It 's ridiculous I 'm going to rip this off I t ' sridiculous .
I ' m . . .   I ' m   g o n n a   t a k e   i t   d o w n .
No you can 't force him out of his phobia No , you can  ' tforcehimoutofaphobia .
What do we do Whatdowedo? He can 't live in Hecan 'tliveinthere.
In fact he can Well, actually, hecan.
He has a refrigerator and sleeping bag He  'sgottherefrigeratoran dasleepingbag . And he can go to the toilet in the sink anytime A ndhecanalwaysgopottyi nthesink .
I 'll take the kids to school I think I 'll take thekidstoschool .
He must have been out when you got home I  ' msurehe  ' llbeoutbythetimeyouge thome .
I don 't know why you are so naive but okay. Not surewhyyouthinkthat , butokay .
- Mom - What 's Shelly - Mom ? - Yes , Shelly .
Can you close the door?
I want 'sink' I needtousethesink.


- Tammy Cook - To - Tammy Cook ? - Here .
- George Cooper Jr. - to - Georgie Cooper ?
-   H e r e .
Sheldon Cooper absent from S heldon Cooper ?
A bsent . - Where 's your brother - at home - W here  ' syourbrother ? - Home .
Is he okay I sheokay ? okay he just . . . Y eah , he  ' sjust . . .
Actually, his situation is not optimistic. Actually, it ' snotlookinggoodforhim.
He probably won 't make it through He emightnotmakeit.
- That 's too bad- yeah- O h , that  ' sterrible . - I know .
I really love him I lovehimsomuch .
I really don 't know what to do if he has three long and two short. I fanythingeverhappened, I don 'tknowwhat I 'ddo.


Shelly can I ask you S helly, ifyoudon 'tmindmeasking, what 's your long term plan what ' syourlong - termplanhere?
I 'm figuring out how to put the garage I 'mworkingonthemathtotu rnthegarage
Become a self-sustaining ecosystem intoaself - sustainingecosystem . Well what does that mean O kay . A ndwhatexactlydoesthat mean ?
I just need sunshine and some seeds to have unlimited food Well , all I needissunlightandafew seedstogrowunlimitedf ood
I also fertilize with my own manure which I  'llfertilizewithmyownf eces .
It 's getting more and more fun. T hisjustgetsbetter.
If you don 't intend to help and go inside the house I fyou ' renotgonna help, please go inside.
This is not the entertainment show T hisisnotashow .
I don 't agree with this sentence No owthat  ' swhere I disagree .
Shelly, baby, please come out. Shelly, baby, pleasecomeonout.
No I can  ' t . Come on, I 'm your mommy C omeon .
I ' m   y o u r   m o m m y .
Just listen to Mommy 's words Doitforyourmommy .
Don 't No.
But I 'm your mother B ut I  ' myourmommy . You two are going to tease me to death Y  ' allarekillingme .

' I am your mother ' ' I  ' myourmommy . '
I think the saddest thing is how sad this is. I thinkthesaddestpartab outitisjusthowsaditis.
Can we help with anything I sthereanythingthatwec ando ?
I don 't know I don 't know either.
Maybe a hug would help. A hugmighthelp.
No problem Ofcourse.
Are you two human What  ' swrongwithyoutwo ?
Don 't you care about my brother D on  ' tyoucareaboutmybrother ?





Sheldon Oh , S heldon .
Enough I 've had enough of your bullshit T hat  ' sit . I  ' vehadenough of this nons ense . If you don 't come out I 'll go in I fyoudon  ' tcomeout , I  ' mcomingin !
One Two One , two ,
- Three - Breached - three . - B reach !
B r e a c h !
- you come to me right away - don 't - You oucomehererightthisin stant ! -N o .


Sheldon S heldon !
You can 't hide from me forever Youcan  ' trunawayfrommeforever .
I don 't have to hide all the time until you get tired I don  ' havetodoitforever .
J u s t   t i l l   y o u   g e t   t i r e d .
Mary I hurried to get my camera Mary , I  ' mgonnarunandgogetmyvi deocamera .
Don 't catch him before I get back D on  ' tcatchhimtill I getback .
This is no joke T hisisnotajoke !
Sheldon bring me over S heldon, getoverhere!
Come to Getover here.
Sheldon Lee Cooper over S heldon Lee Cooper , getthere .
Right now .
Oh my god I 'm so excited to pee Oh, Lord, I think I  ' mgonnawetmyself.
Come over here for me Sheldon Lee Cooper Get !
Y o u   c o m e   h e r e !
S h e l d o n   L e e   C o o p e r !

Look at Lookatthat .
sage mary was drinking s t .
M arydrinkingalcohol . God saw what just happened He can understand Godsawwhatjusthappened . He etetsit .
Mind if I try to catch that little scud Mindif I takeacrackatcatchingt he R oad R unner ?
What trick do you have that I can 't
Oh , alittletrick I learned
Used to drive the groundhogs out of the hole tryingtogetprairiedog soutofthehole . Of course when they come out we will hit them on the head with a club O fcoursewe  ' dwhackofftheirheadswi thagolfclub .
But I wouldn 't do that to Sheldon I 'mnotgonnadothatto S heldon.
Small Pie O h , Moon Pie ,
I have something good for you oh I  ' vegotalittletreatfory ou .
Chocolate chip cookies? Chocolatechip?
Fresh from the oven M m - hmm , rightoutoftheoven .
Very good high temperature sterilization G ood . T hatmeansthey  ' resterile .
Why don 't you come out and eat a few pieces Why hydon  ' tyoucomeonoutheand . . . haveacouple ?
I can 't do that. I can ' tdothat. Okay, I tell youwhat. I 'll put the cookies out I ' mgonnajustput  ' emrightoutre,
Come out and eat when you 're ready andyoucancomeoutandgetonewhenyou 'reready. Can I put the biscuits in Howaboutthat?

I ' m   g o n n a   p u t   ' e m   d o w n
here right . . . here .



Damn Comeon!
O h .
Listen up kid Listentome, buster.
- ok - you have a lot of traits Sheldon - O kay . - Youarealotofthings , S heldon .
You are cute and smart about hygiene Youarecute , smart , hygienic . But the most important thing is B utmostofall . . .
you are a Texan you . . . area T exan .
So what about S o ?
We Texans S o T exans fearless aren  ' tafraidofnothin  ' !
Whether it 's the Rattlesnakes, Indians, or the Mexican Army.
Do you think Sam Houston would be afraid of a small cold D oyouimaginethat Sam H oustonwasscaredofalit tleoldcold ?
Former Governor of Texas One of America 's Most Famous Cowboys
No No. What about Jim Bowie? A heroic figure in the Texas Revolutionary War
will not No .
What about S issy S pacek ? American actress born in Texas I . . . guessnot ?
You 're right because they 're all Texans You  ' redamnright , because they  ' re T exansthroughandthroug h . and I wantyoutocomeoutherea nd
Eat your cookies like a man eatyourcookiesoutinth eworldlikeaman !
Like a Texan man! Likea T exanman!



Awesome I  ' mimpressed .
I also feel that Me , too .
I thought I  ' dlosthimat S issy Spacek .

As you can see A syoucansee , my grandma managed to lure me back into this world mymeemawsuccessfullyl uredmebackintotheworl d

By reminding me of those heroic Texas ancestors byremindingmeofmybrav e T exasancestors.
Their blood flows through me T heirbloodran through my veins . I was a trueson of the L one S tar S tate .
Texas has a star on the flag so Texas is also known as the Lone Star State even though Albeitatrueson I have an extremely fragile immune system withanincrediblyfragi leimmunesystem.
I woke up the next morning with a fever of 3 8 . 8 ℃ I wokeupthenextmorningw ithatemperatureof 102 runny nose andheadpackedfullofm ucus .
However, there are also good fortunes in misfortune, therewasasilverlining.
♪ Softkitty , warmkitty ♪ ♪ Softkitty , warmkitty ♪
♪ Little Balloffur ♪ ♪ Little balloffur ♪
♪ laughing cat sleepy cat ♪ ♪ H appykitty , sleepykitty ♪
♪ purr purr ♪ ♪ Purr , purr , purr . ♪
Sing again Mom S ingitagain , mom . Blow your nose First , blowyournose .
♪ Softkitty , warmkitty ♪ ♪ Softkitty , warmkitty ♪
♪ Little Balloffur ♪ ♪ Little balloffur ♪
♪ grinning cat sleeping cat cat ♪ ♪ H appykitty , sleepykitty ♪ ♪ purring purr ♪ ♪ P urr , purr , purr . ♪

