
Look at us, are we going to double date or with a real woman who is recognized as a girlfriend
Yeah, real women are the best
I didn 't understand wow
Are there any other women?
Howard Artificial women are your domain, explain to him
No, it 'll just scare him
Listen, before we go, I have to remind you that I 'm a hot man
I like to show love in public
What are you trying to tell me, Howard? We might make out in the car or in the restaurant and I don 't want to embarrass Bernadette
So it would be great if you could make out with Penny at the same time
do not worry
We 're about to have sex on the salad bar
ok white people
Great news! I rented the 4 hour special edition of 'Watchmen'
- have- seen
Movie reviews are posted online
So what are we doing tonight?
Uh sorry Raj Howard and I are going to dinner with Penny and Bernadette
Yeah me and leonard can 't have a carefree bachelor night anymore
Our two wild horses have been domesticated birds

How did we find a real woman?
It 's 'good' ah, they dumped us when they got girlfriends
you do not say
We will have a great time tonight
- Really? - Oh of course I just found out I don 't have enough space on my hard drive to install Linux so let 's do a full backup, delete the drive and reinstall everything


i don 't do it
Well, I 'll make a full backup, unplug the disk and reinstall all the systems.
What about me? By the way, there are several kinds of artificial crush

you can research





Season 3 Episode 12



We have so many cool things to do tonight
Behold at Glendale Mall
'Put on your best jerky at the plaza next to Macy 's for a swing dance celebration from 5-9pm'

A celebration of Zoot
Sounds like an owl (Hoot) Sorry Raj I 'm not in the mood to go to any dress party tonight

Not to mention it has to do with the race riots of the 1940s
Race riots? Zhite riots
I always thought it was the big post-Christmas sale
Then let 's go shopping in the commercial street
But I don 't need anything there
Do you need anything? No, let 's go there and have a look.
Your words have no meaning
Well, how about this one?
News on the University website :
' 7pm to 10pm in the function room at Norton Auditorium
A gathering of all graduate students and staff in the Faculty of Science and Anthropology
Whether you can decompose atoms or infinitives, this is where you belong.'
It 's funny to say but... .
I 'm still not interested
Don 't be like this, S heldon, people on earth go outdoors
Let 's not stay at home. It 's good to be outdoors.
If the outdoors is good then why do humans spend thousands of years doing everything they can to perfect the indoors?
I don 't know, in order to sell myself
Please S heldon I 'm a young horny foreigner I need to vent
I have a suggestion for you
Sometimes when I feel depressed and want to change my mood I use my imagination
oh boy
One of my favorite places to go is the 2D world
Just as Edwin Abbott describes it in his mathematical fantasy 'Flat Continent'
I don 't want to go to Flatland You say that because you 've never been there
I am now a hexagon in 2D space and can only feel the outline of other objects
Is that you Raj ?
I didn 't recognize your silhouette, Sheldon please
I want to go to this party but I don 't want to go alone
You 're lucky you just happened to have a party on Flatland.
Oh look, there 's a very attractive line segment over there
- you 're supposed to take her - what?
tell her you 're a circle
circles are very popular in flat continents

Are you hungry Bernadette we 're going to a great restaurant Well I 'm starving
All day in the biolab watching flesh-eating bacteria nibble on rodents
increase appetite
Flesh-eating bacteria I still want to kiss this woman after hearing this
What 's the point of this?
Maybe it 's because it 's hard to get to second base and you want to die.
We 're more than second base, right? Howard?
We don 't agree on what bases represent.
Are you working well P enny ? Do you have a job to perform?
The most recent big job was a film for Annie 's diary on the bowling alley
But I think it should get better soon
It 's good, what 's up?
You swear you won 't laugh at me of course how can I laugh at you
Well, a psychic told me that if I cut my hair I could get a national ad

Are you kidding?
Do you count your career as a medium?
You really 'don 't laugh at her'
She 's not that kind of scumbag
She has a book and a website of her own.
Oh my god why didn 't you tell me sooner? How can ordinary people have a website?
Why are you so humble?
You 're surprised? Didn 't your psychic tell you that I 'd be so humble?
what 's the matter
please Penny
Why don 't you two keep chatting, we 're going to make out in the back
I 'm on third base

thank you for coming with me
Thank you for the limited edition Green Lantern Green Lantern
Do you have to take it with you?
What if the bad guys come and I happen to be low on the energy of the ring?

- Okay, let 's have something to drink - I don 't drink
but i want to drink
And my pick-up girl is carrying a Green Lantern Green Lantern I need to drink more
give me a screwdriver (the name of the cocktail) thanks
i want a root beer with ice cream
S heldon they don 't serve ice cream
do not have it ?
Looks like these guys have a very different definition of a party from me.
Get him a glass of Shirley Temple, put more Shirley on it


Well look at the beauties
All right
there was a woman
That 's Professor Wilkinson 's wife. She looks like she 's 80.
But she 's a woman, isn 't that your standard? No, I 'm looking for someone who can make out
Oh, that 's how it is
The key to this activity is that you have to find someone who can have sex with you ?
Don 't be so loud but such an idea
thank you
thanks
So what is the function of my hook? You help me to act
ok what is your action ?
You nod in agreement when I 'm obviously lying to a woman
hey this is cool
What is it ?
This is a limited edition Green Lantern Green Lantern
my friend wants someone to fuck
You are so funny I am A bby
My name is Sheldon
How are you, my name is Rajesh Ramayan K oothrappali
Just call me Raj
Hi R aj where are you from ?
Mysterious Indian Peninsula
oh india
Do you know India ?
I 've seen slumdog millionaires
i 'm a poor astrophysicist
I thought your dad was a gynecologist, sorry




Come on Martha
meet Raj and Sheldon
This is my friend Martha
Is this a limited edition Green Lantern Green Lantern?
On the brightest day and the darkest night no evil escapes our sight

oh really awesome
thanks
Have you chosen which one to have sex with?

So what shall we talk about?
We are getting more and more aware of why people who believe in mediums are idiots
L e o n a r d ?
No need to say this sooner
Leonard has been covering it up well enough in the car
Sorry but the truth is the truth
But it 's not a fact when you can 't understand it
No if a thing is not a fact then it is not
I got it, thank you for your teaching
You are welcome

Is your fish delicious?
Wonderful Want to try it? Of course
In fact you can 't
please Howard Bernadette you are all scientists
tell me
Do you think you want to intervene in the couple 's quarrel? No thanks
Sorry maybe we should stop talking about this
Maybe some people should stop talking
Did you have a good meal tonight? Very upset you know the best of loyal one-on-one relationships is
Even on differences, you can still care about each other and even have sex with each other after a heated argument. . .
Want your fish?
I knew you would be like this
Doesn 't mean I 'm a goddess
Good Leonard, make it worse


What happened ?
we scored
I 'm a pick-up girl



Be careful with lasers
had a great time last night
It 's not like I got cheap and sold well. Someone went to eighth base last night.
What the hell is the eighth base?
seventh base without clothes
point to my clothes
How 's it going with Penny?
oh no better

To take emotional frustration out on innocent Theronians ?
It 's not just Therons, it 's Superman 's turn next
Well, I was going to taunt you before lunch.
But I can wait until you don 't have high-energy weapons in your hands.
How can I date a woman who believes in a medium?
hey i dated a girl who thought she was abducted by aliens
So you can stand it? Quite the opposite
It means that she is very good at cheating, so let 's explore what should I do? As long as I 'm with Penny, do I have to pretend that I believe or not?
Hey I 'm sure Penny 's been pretending too much with you
Do me a favor, bend over and put your head here
Let my brother teach you how to change your mind
This is the woman of the whole universe
these are what you want
These are the same things you believe in, these are happy to be fucked by you
In this small triangle intersection area is your ideal partner
She 's probably a dwarf physicist with a low self-esteem dunking in a Chinese research facility
what do you want to say in the end ?
I 'm going to give up all my beliefs in order to continue having a sexual relationship with Penny ?
My rationality and my human nature?
I can 't do Howard
I respect that
what is this ?
your new girlfriend wishes you a happy night
The dog is . . . K oira
The roof is . . . K atto
Grapes are . . . rypleet
Wait a moment

S i s   n
what did you just say
I sanitized the kitchen and bathroom and thought about learning some Finnish
'What do you want to do' in Hindi
Listen to A bby the girl sent me a text she and her friend Martha still want to play with us
What do you say?
i don 't say anything
It 's enough to give you a face that says you 're crazy
I don 't get it, didn 't you have a good time?
Yes, I had a good time. It 's over. I have other things to do. I won 't learn Finnish again when I finish
Don 't be like this S heldon I 'm a confused Indian boy far away from home I want to find A bby as a girlfriend but bring M artha and she will come to R aj I don 't think you have any way to argue
Threats of force, rhetorical requests, petitions, petitions, and . . . vetoomus ( request in Finnish )
You can convince me to reconsider

Hand of the Hulk signed by Stan Lee
oh my god


I 've been craving this for years
So can we play with the girls again?
Hulk agrees to date weak humans again !
you can 't wear this
Hulk is sad

What about cleaning the thread of the dryer?
Not only quality but also safety performance
15,000 fires a year are caused by accidental fires at the end of the dryer thread
You should say 'wow what an interesting fact'
come and hug you crazy nerd how can i be mad at you
How much of a remedy are you after you became the most hated person on a date of four that Howard Wolowitz attended?
no i apologize
It 's not right to really laugh at someone 's beliefs
Thank you for understanding
Then would you like to visit my psychic?
Would you like to read a book that briefly states that mediums are liars? I don 't



Okay, let 's go see the psychic
Really? Of course someone has to be open-minded.
Are you saying I 'm not open-minded?
No, I 'll help you clean up
- You know what I still believe in ghosts - well and astrology
I know there are also pyramid powers and healing crystal balls
Oh no no crystal balls are useless
Is this your dividing line?
Is the psychic a real crystal ball is sorcery? Oh sorcery but the real thing is no joke

Plane Continents Are More Than Just a Mathematical Paper
Or an essay on Victorian customs, I never thought of that.
Wow, it will be totally different next time.



hmm very late
time to go to bed
OK
Good night weak people!

S h e l d o n ?


how ?
You see them fighting me in the living room . . .
I wonder if you could let me stay here and be alright

come in
I 'll go to Leonard 's room to sleep good night
Season 3 Episode 12 Ended
