 There is a gentleman downstairs. . .  
 Let him wait for Mrs. Hudson.   
 He was very anxious.  
 Slow down. Slow down.  
 I must apologize.  
 I'm a little overworked.  
 I am a doctor, sir, and I ask you to relax and wait until you have eaten.  
 Thank you, thank you.  
 If I could have a biscuit and a glass of milk.  
 I'm sure I'll be fine soon.  
 Mrs. Hudson is cooking something now.  
 Please... . Please... Please forgive my weakness.  
 I really must... . .  
 Mr. Fulmus  
 At your service Master of Fine Arts
 Doctor of Philosophy  
 Principal of the Seminary Public School  
 Dr. Huxtable, it is not every day  
 It is not every day that a famous fallen man such as yourself lies on the carpet in front of my fireplace.  
 I would like to guess what kind of wind brought you here.  
 So I took the liberty of searching you, hoping that you would forgive me.  
 Oh, yes, yes, of course.  
 Please sit down.  
 Your hand watch  
 For at least 30 years, your watch has been scraped in every second, and suddenly this morning it was scraped.  
 It happened when you thoughtlessly stuffed those coins into your vest pocket.  
 A lifelong habit is put behind you  
 Maybe it's just a small incident, but I think it's a way of looking at a trembling needle.  
 Maybe it's a sign of an earthquake, and the way your beard is stubbled means that your daily habits have been severely affected.  
 It's been three days, hasn't it?  
 Yes, sir.  
 Yes, sir, Mr. Formosus, I beseech you to come with me at once north to Macleodon.  
 It is a matter of great importance.  
 Oh, I'm sorry.  
 Mr. Watson and I are both extremely busy at the moment.  
 I myself am busy with the Ferrell Papers.  
 And Dr. Watson tells me that the recent epidemic of scarlet fever has kept him busy.  
 Of course, there's the Abel Cavanagh murder case coming up for trial.  
 Now only a very important question will keep us away from  
 "Significant", sir?  
 Did you say "major"?  
 You must have heard of the Duke of Holdernesse?  
 The former cabinet minister?  
 Not only this Watson.  
 He has so many titles that he takes up almost half of the alphabet.  
 One of the king's greatest subjects, Dr. Huxtable?  
 The greatest and one of the richest.  
 I am proud to say that he is also my neighbor.  
 Hedeneth House, his country mansion just across the river valley from the Abbey College.  
 The Duke was a very isolated man.  
 He was afraid that the public would ask questions about it, but he was so worried about it that he was willing to pay £5,000 and offer a reward of £1,000 to see it solved, in the hope that the villains would be caught.  
 That's how important it was.  
 What a reward, Dr. Huxtable.  
 But you haven't come to the case yet.  
 Oh, I beg your pardon.  
 The Duke's only son, Lord Saltire, has been kidnapped!  
 Tied up at the convent college?  
 Yes, he was.  
 Under your care?  
 Did the kidnapping take place exactly three days ago?  
 Last Saturday night.  
 Then why did you wait so long to come to me?  
 The Duke was very worried that his family's misfortune would be made public.  
 The Duke asked the police to be discreet - so they... . .  
 - I understand.  
 This was a very badly handled case.  
 I also feel that I admit to some misconduct.  
 In what way was the ransom offered?  
 There was no ransom demand.  
 No ransom was demanded?  
 No.  
 This is one of the most puzzling aspects of the incident, because the boy did not run away alone.  
 Mr. Heidegger, our German teacher, was also missing.  
 By the way, in fact, his bicycle has disappeared too.  
 If he kidnapped the boy, why hasn't he received any ransom demand so far?  
 Heidegger came from Switzerland with the best recommendation.  
 Are there any other bicycles missing?  
 Oh, no.  
 Are you sure?  
 Yes, Mr. Evelyn checked all the bicycles.  
 Dr. Huxtable, do you mean that the German teacher rode off in the middle of the night with this boy in his arms?  
 No.  
 What do you think about this?  
 The bicycle may be just a cover  
 Maybe he hid the bike somewhere and then the two walked away.  
 There's no doubt that he could have hidden a few bikes if he wanted to give that impression.  
 I think so.  
 Of course he could have done that. Dr. Huxtable's argument about a "cover-up" doesn't hold water.  
 But it's a good start for the investigation.  
 Watson, will you call a carriage at once?  
 Now, Formosus?  
 Take your places and pack your bags.  
 We have enough time to catch the night train from Simpangas.  
 Dr. Huxtable, I'm going to do some research at your place.  
 Perhaps there are still some traces that an old hound like me and Watson can detect.  
 I suppose it must be a great honor for you to have Lord Saltire at your school?  
 Mr. Holmes, that is, after the publication by Blakewell of  
 It was the proudest moment for me after the publication of the book by Blakewell, "Huckstab on Horace", which was a great success at the time.  
 As you may have heard  
 No.  
 How old is the boy?  
 Nine years old.  
 How long has he been in school with you?  
 The winter school year started right away.  
 An unusual boy seems to be adjusting well.  
 He, uh... . .  
 What's wrong?  
 What I'm trying to say is that he wasn't very happy at home.  
 The Duke's married life has not been a quiet one.  
 Last year, his marriage ended in separation by mutual consent.  
 The Duchess returned to Venice to live in her father's house.  
 What do you know about the Duke's marriage?  
 Is it a matter of common knowledge?  
 I have spoken privately with Mr. Wilder several times. He is the Duke's secretary.  
 He can be very helpful.  
 I suppose you have established that the boy did not go to Italy to his mother's side?  
 Oh, yes.  
 Yes, I can't express it. . . Mr. Formosus . . .   - My Sense of Relief . . .  
 - Watson? !  
 - Here you go!   - Here you go, sir.  
 Mrs. Hudson, how did you guess?  
 Experience has taught us, Mr. Fulmus.  
 Well, the doctor and the doctor could eat as much as they wanted in the car.  
 The air in the wilderness is so invigorating that I may even find myself with a better appetite for a few days.  
 I think it is only right that I should say that the British Monastery College is the preferred preparatory school for everyone.  
 Lord Laverstoke, Earl of Blackwater, Cascade. Lord Somers  
 Both sent their sons to me  
 You cannot see Hednes House from here, but you can see it very well from the tower of the chapel.  
 I'll start with the boy's room.  
 Did his father write that?  
 He arrived in the morning of the day he disappeared.  
 Did he receive any letters from Italy?  
 Not recently.  
 Where is the letter from his father now?  
 I can't find it.  
 The letter should have been with the boy when he was kidnapped.  
 Who lives in the next room?  
 - I'm sorry you don't have to be polite - I dare say I know this kind of family  
 I dare say I know the kind of family that can sleep through lightning and thunder.  
 He won't, sir.  
 Is it true?   Why?  
 There was a rat who was asleep in the wall panel.  
 It woke us both up, sir. Sometimes, sir.  
 A mouse?  
 Then any sound from Lord Saltire's room... . .  
 Well, the door squeaked, sir.  
 We can always hear the door.  
 Did you hear anything on the night of his disappearance?  
 Nothing, sir.  
 Not even a sob.  
 Crying?  
 Yes, sir.  
 He sometimes cried, sir.  
 Sometimes Mr.  
 Thank you, children.  
 Did you find anything on the ground?  
 No.  
 The traces are gone.  
 Principal!  
 Headmaster!  
 The Duke of Holdernesse is here, sir.  
 Thank you, Mr. Evelyn.   
 Mr. Holmes?  
 Yes.  
 The Duke is waiting, Mr. Formosus.  
 It's no use saying that.  
 My lord the Duke.  
 Mr. Wilder.  
 I telephoned you yesterday, Dr. Huxtable. 
 But it was too late to prevent you from leaving for London.  
 The Duke was surprised, Dr. Huxtable. 
 I didn't expect you to invite Mr. Holmes to investigate without first seeking his Lordship's advice.  
 Well, I think there is nothing more the police can do. . .  
 The police, of course... . .   . is definitely not powerless.  
 Yes, but Mr. Wilder . . ...  
 You must have noticed how anxious Dr. Huxtable was to avoid public gossip.  
 He wanted as few people as possible to know about it.  
 I am very sorry, Mr. Wilder.  
 The matter is easily remedied.  
 Mr. Holmes can take the morning train back to London.  
 Absolutely not. Absolutely not.  
 I'm very fond of the fresh air north of you.  
 I intend to spend at least a few days on your moors.  
 Who knows, if I can't find anything else, I might at least find Mr. Hedger's bicycle.  
 This is no small matter, Mr. Fulmus.  
 I'm glad you don't think that way, sir.  
 Mr. Formosus, if there is something in your words.  
 I'm afraid I don't understand.  
 Your only son has disappeared.  
 Your hopes, your future, and your noble family are threatened with disillusionment.  
 What you mean is . . ...? What do you think?  
 I would like to ask you, sir, what is your son's life, or his reputation, more than his life?  
 What is prudence worth?  
 But perhaps the answer is, what is it without the continuity of glory?  
 But I believe that you are still to a large extent the right Mr. Formosus.  
 If you are referring to my restriction of police action, perhaps I have exerted too much influence on them.  
 I have a morbid fear of public attention.  
 James, since Mr. Holmes is here, we'd be foolish not to ask his help.  
 Mr. Formosus?  
 My lord?  
 Perhaps you would like to come and stay with us at Hedeneth House?  
 Thank you, my lord, but I think it would be wiser for me to remain at the scene of the suspicion for the sake of investigation.  
 At your leisure.  
 Mr. Wilder or myself will give you the help you need.  
 May I ask if you have your own opinion about the mysterious disappearance of your son?  
 No, Mr. No.  
 He's a good boy, Mr. Formosus.  
 How long has he been in your class?  
 Since the day he came here.  
 Does he talk a lot about his family?  
 Does he talk about it a lot?  
 I think he misses his mother, and his father's behavior makes him resentful.  
 Did he ever talk about the separation of the Duke and his wife?  
 No.  
 There is something mysterious about it.  
 The boy insists that they are very much in love with each other.  
 Don't you think he was comforting himself?  
 No, he's a very honest boy.  
 Oh, but his family is not so honest.  
 Someone told me they were members of the Hellfire Club.  
 I don't suppose you know when Mr. Heidegger returned to his room on the night of his disappearance?  
 Not exactly, but it was quite late.  
 After eleven o'clock, I think.  
 He was the teacher on duty that night.  
 I think he knew how to ride a bike, didn't he?  
 Yes. Oh, yes.  
 Did Lord Saltire ever ride with him?  
 No, he hasn't learned to keep his balance.  
 I don't suppose you happen to know the brand of Mr. Heidegger's bicycle tires, do you?  
 Of course you do.  
 A lovely bicycle from Bremen.  
 The tires were Palmer, you know, the ones with the stripes on the tread.  
 Yes, I know.  
 Thank you.  
 You've been a great help.  
 You're welcome, Mr. Fulmus.  
 Dinner's at 8:00.  
 I'm sorry.  
 Formosus?  
 I'm getting to like this case, Watson.  
 There are a few things in this case that are really interesting  
 Look at this map.  
 There are certain geological features that are very relevant to our investigation  
 This black square is the Seminary Public School  
 It's a road with no turnouts for a mile on either side.  
 To the north of the school the terrain rises slowly  
 To the south, there is a large tract of cultivated land with a number of high walls and grub hedges.  
 Impossible for a rider to cross  
 Oh, and what did you find in Oakburn?  
 The police have received reports from all over the area of seeing a man and boy together.  
 Early this morning they concluded their investigation of the area.  
 What are the results?  
 Nothing.  
 The characteristics of the reported subjects did not match either the boy or the German teacher.  
 Very good  
 The large number of erroneous witness reports, Watson, reinforces my suspicion that I was right.  
 I don't think they took the main road  
 They must have been right to look in the middle of nowhere.  
 I don't think they took the main road at all.  
 But what about bicycles?  
 Good riders don't need good roads, Watson.  
 The wilderness was divided into chunks by the trail.  
 I remember the night of the full moon.  
 The man we're looking for is just north of here.  
 You did a good job, Watson.  
 You'll be glad to hear that dinner will be served soon, but there's one more thing I need to clarify.  
 Mr. Heidegger's room.  
 Just ten minutes.  
 Dr. Holmes is working on the origins of the Hedonist family.  
 Like many old families, their history is not a very clean one.  
 Isn't it, Doctor?  
 Well, don't be over-sensitive. They were cattle rustlers.  
 Very brave, resourceful and daring, but their first wealth came from other people's cattle.  
 Formosus even told me that Hudneth had been given the title of madman of the club of the fires of hell.  
 What's wrong with you, Dr. Huxtable?  
 Nothing.  
 Obviously something is going on.  
 I think I was expecting too much.  
 After all, it's a part-time job.  
 Tell me your expectations.  
 I don't expect miracles  
 I don't think I'm a person who expects miracles. ... .   But you haven't noticed anything.  
 From the time we left London until now, not a single thing has happened.  
 Although that's not really true.  
 You have found two things that are not true.  
 One is a filthy rumor, and the other is a slanderous conception of the origins of my great patron's family.  
 Mr. Formosus, I did not hire you here to smear the name of the House of Hudneth.  
 Calm down, Dr.  
 In fact, we have already discovered  
 I can tell you in detail what happened in this school on that fateful night.  
 And the actions of your excellent and faithful German teacher  
 Was Heidegger faithful?  
 What do you mean, Mr. Heidegger?  
 Mr. Heidegger went to his room to rest after eleven o'clock.  
 He was the teacher on duty that night.  
 Now my friend and colleague, Dr. Watson, will imitate his actions.  
 Hedger had two more hours of duty that night and had worked hard all day.  
 Determined to give himself a break, he took off his coat  
 Then he went to the cupboard by the door and poured himself a glass of sherry.  
 He needed a drink very much to meet his next task  
 He took the wax candle and sat down at the table to correct 22 books of work, which consisted not only of grammar exercises but also of a lengthy essay.  
 You know what I'm going to say, Dr. Huxtable.   
 If he hadn't been doing something else   
 His wax candle would have been extinguished just after midnight.  
 The candles were in the cupboard by the door.  
 He got up from the table to get the other candle, but it was dark and he couldn't find it.   
 So he went to the window and opened the curtains to get a better view by the moonlight.  
 On the roof of the tower opposite the gate the boy was waiting for the moon to fade and he knew that no one would see him escape.  
 Mr. Heidegger watched the boy scurrying over the ridge to a pre-arranged meeting at the river.  
 He sensed that what was happening was of great importance.  
 Heidegger ran towards the door and knocked over the rest of the wine in his sherry glass.  
 I get it.  
 Thank you.  
 It seems I was wrong about you.  
 It was not wise of him to go after the boy.  
 I don't think he's alive or dead.  
 Forgive me, Mr. Formosus.  
 You mean... . I hope not.  
 I hope not, but if my reasoning is correct, I must indeed worry about him.  
 What about the child?  
 The clue to the matter, Dr.  
 It's out there.  
 On the other side of the bridge of Dover  
 The pitiful beast  
 The ravens  
 They tarnished their reputation, so we assume that the boy was taken away on horseback, right?  
 That's right.  
 Otherwise Hedger would not have needed a bicycle to chase him.  
 But we only found the footprints of cattle, ah, Formosus.  
 Formosus?   Formos?  
 A rut, Watson!  
 A rut.  
 Is it a bicycle?  
 Of course it is a bicycle, but not that bicycle.  
 I'm familiar with 42 different bike tire marks.  
 This one is a Dunlop tire with a patch on the outside.  
 Hedger's tires are Palmer.  
 These aren't Hedger's ruts, so whose are they?  
 Whose is it?  
 Watson!  
 These are Palmer's wheel marks. Heidegger walked this road.  
 It's so unusual.  
 The Dunlop ruts stretch for 150 yards.   
 The Dunlop ruts extend for 150 yards and then are suddenly gone, while the Palmer wheel marks are quite clear and lead to these rocks, but they are gone too.  
 And there was no sign of a horse anywhere.  
 Watson, you have a wonderful ability to see the obvious.  
 I should have brought some lunch.  
 What was Mr. Heidegger chasing on his cart, anyway?  
 The cows?  
 They couldn't have tied the boys to the bull's back, could they?  
 All the footprints of the horses have been erased.  
 It is obvious that two bicycles have disappeared like that.  
 Impossible  
 It's impossible because we got it wrong.   
 So in a way, we must have got it wrong.  
 At the other end of the moor there is a sign for a hotel.  
 There's a hostel on the Chesterfield side of the road in Holmes.  
 Yes, if we follow this route, we'll come to the inn.  
 Well, I'd like to go there and try my luck.  
 I'm hungry.  
 Formosa?  
 Lunch, of course, dear friend. You should be starving.  
 Now look at the map.  
 You'll see a hotel about three miles away in this direction.  
 If we're going to face the Duke of Holdernesse next, we'll have to eat something.  
 Nothing?  
 Nothing. I must tell the Lord.  
 Nothing?  
 Nothing.  
 I am sorry.  
 I am sorry  
 Locked  
 These wrought images are crude but expressive.  
 Mr. Reuben Hayes? Mr. Hayes?  
 How did you know my name?  
 It's printed on the door.  
 We're looking for something to eat.  
 Yes?  
 We'd be grateful if you'd find us something to eat.  
 Is that so?  
 Yes.  
 You'll have to ask the woman.  
 You'll have to ask that woman, that disgusting family man.  
 If we have to go all the way back to Hednes' house this afternoon.   
 Then let's hire some horses.  
 What do you think of that?  
 How far will you ride them?  
 To the Duke's house, and then come back and I'll say you know the way, don't you?  
 I've been there for 15 years.  
 Well, you can ride them.  
 I say, Mr. Hayes, have you hurt yourself?  
 It's all right.  
 I'm a doctor, Mr. Hayes, and I assure you, it's not bad.  
 You should have a doctor look at it.  
 How did you get hurt?  
 One of my dogs did it.  
 Those are scratch wounds.  
 What's wrong?  
 Well, a closer look reveals that they are so separate.  
 What kind of animal could cause such scratches?  
 Maybe it's the descendant of the "Champion Jack" (the male on the sign).  
 Cockfighting has been banned by law for 50 years.  
 The law has banned many things.  
 What's the law in a place like this?  
 Oh, that's great, Mrs. Hayes. Thank you.  
 What's that you're cooking?  
 Blood pudding (a kind of salami), sugar and cereal.  
 How is it, Watson?  
 It's disgusting, Formos.  
 The woman... . .   What is she more afraid of than her husband?  
 The successive deceptions.  
 What is she trying to hide?  
 Deception?  
 Oh, Watson.  
 My horse is lame.  
 That's odd.  
 The horseshoes are old, but the nails are new.  
 Gentlemen  
 The great man now wants to see you  
 Oh, Mr. Wilder.  
 Mr. Formosus, Mr. Watson, the doctor, welcome to Hednes House.  
 The great man will be here soon.  
 We have high hopes for your talents, Mr. Formosus.  
 Have you brought any news?  
 There is only one thing I need to know.  
 What is it, Mr. Formosus?  
 It is a matter of the Duke's immediate concern.  
 As your lordship's personal secretary, perhaps I can be of some assistance.  
 I think the lord wrote a letter to his son on the day of the incident.  
 Not the day before it happened.  
 Yes, but the letter arrived on the day of the incident.  
 Yes, most likely.  
 Is it possible that there was something in the letter that caused the boy to run away?  
 Oh, I don't think so.  
 Whatever it was, if he was going to run away, he was going to run away back here.  
 Or did he go to his mother's in Italy?  
 No, sir.  
 Even if the Germans had instigated him, Lord Saltire would have realized  
 He is an intelligent and practical boy.  
 But he cries in his sleep.  
 Did the man send the letters himself?   The man did not have the habit of sending letters.  
 I put the letter on the desk with the other letters myself.  
 There was only one other person who had access to the mail, and that was Rives, who was responsible for delivering the daily mail to the delivery room.  
 Are you sure that letter was among them?  
 Oh, yes.  
 I noticed that. What did you find out, Mr. Formosus?  
 What is the progress of your investigation?  
 Do you intend to disappoint me?  
 I want to make the adults happier and me richer.  
 What did you find out?  
 There are some questions that need to be clarified.  
 I think a prior engagement lured the boy out of school and I suspect that his mother was used as bait.  
 When the German teacher found out he had left, she went after him.  
 We had to work hard to find his bicycle ruts on the moor.  
 Like all traces. . ...   . someone had deliberately erased . . .  
 Mr. Formosus?  
 A certain man who drove the cattle  
 Do you know the herds of cattle on the wilderness . . .  
 What happened to the cattle?  
 I hope you haven't seen the cattle.  
 The weather in our highlands is not suitable for cattle grazing in the wild in winter.  
 They will have to wait at least two weeks before they can leave their pens.  
 Then I'm really blind.  
 Thank you, sir.  
 Old hoof iron, new palm nails!  
 Old hoof, new palm!  
 Formosus, you should see this one!  
 It is indeed impressive!   The horses nailed to the palm of a cow's foot!  
 Have you seen the horseshoes?  
 I saw the men who took Lord Saltire nail their horses with different horseshoes to escape the trail.  
 Reuben Haisley Haisley uses a piece of local history  
 Oh, no, Watson. Oh, no.  
 The bald eagle to the north showed the way  
 The German teacher  
 Look what's left of his corpse!  
 Good for you!  
 Good for you!   Good for you!  
 Skin and blood  
 Only a microscope can tell if it's human or not.  
 This is undoubtedly the same as the scratch marks on Hayes' neck.  
 Oh yes, what was the cause of death?  
 Strangulation.  
 The throat was shattered.  
 The shepherd may carry a letter for us to the convent public to tell them the unhappy news.  
 We had to move forward, Watson.  
 I was just a step away!  
 In that bar, it was like a child trying to guess the answer to a riddle!  
 But every step I took was another clue.  
 How do I know where to put the body!  
 It's all over, Arthur.  
 Reuben Hayes Hayes  
 Let's hope we're not too late  
 The Dunlop outer tire still has a patch on it.  
 What's going on here, Mrs. Hayes?  
 I'm glad that your disapproval of this was due to coercion.  
 Someone has taken the boy.  
 The Duke's secretary, Mr. Wilder?  
 Which way did they go?  
 Across the moor?  
 Up the Chesterfield Road, their hiding place.  
 Bravo, Mrs. Hayes.  
 I must marry the Duke of Warnings' man, Watson.  
 You are now the boy's guardian angel.  
 I see the lord's cheque book on the table.  
 I would be very grateful if you would give me a cheque for six thousand pounds.  
 It would have been nice if you had crossed it (crossed cheque: by bank transfer only)  
 The Oxford Street branch of the Town and Country Bank is my agent.  
 It is not in my nature, Mr. Holmes, to appreciate this caustic jest, though it obviously amuses you.  
 I'm sorry, but I don't understand how James, who is Mr. Wilder, could have been involved.  
 I don't understand how James, who is Mr. Wilder, could have been involved in this affair when you have no proof of it.  
 But I do have evidence, and it's hard evidence.  
 The mud on the horseshoes in your display case is still wet.  
 Why do you doubt my words?  
 You seem to be confused.  
 Your interests will be destroyed by your insensibility.  
 The portrait in the hall of the great man shows you and your father in your youth  
 Both have distinctive family traits  
 How long has Mr. Wilder been in your service?  
 What do you mean by that?  
 How dare you do that!  
 You don't understand at all!  
 You are a rude and insolent man!  
 You will never... . .   Please leave now!  
 I will not . . .  
 I . . .  
 Then my suspicions are correct  
 JAMES WILDE Mr. Wilder is your son  
 When I was very young, Mr. Formosus  
 I fell in love with that love, and only once in my life  
 I asked that woman to marry me, but she refused me on the grounds that such a union would ruin my career.  
 If she were still alive, I would not have married anyone else, but she died.  
 But she died and left behind a child, James, whom I raised and nurtured for her sake.  
 I cannot openly acknowledge our paternity, but in all other respects I treat him as my own son.  
 He has asked me many times for my fatherly forgiveness . . .   . but I have not received his assurances, and I have forgiven  
 And again  
 too many times  
 Oh, my lord, you have done your best for Mr. Wilder.  
 You should have realized that he was indifferent to your words.  
 He conspired to kidnap Lord Saltire.  
 No matter how inadvertent the fault.  
 He is, after all, an accomplice to murder, and he must be found!   Before he attempts to commit a more serious crime  
 He must be found!   Before you lose the only son you have left.  
 Reeve?  
 You will organize a search of the wilderness.  
 And go along the west side of the forest from the monastery to the pavilion.  
 Call all the people of the house, and leave no one behind.  
 You will search for my son, Lord Saltire.  
 And if you find Mr. Wilder, do keep him and bring him back to me.  
 Wilder intercepted your letter, wrote another note, and substituted the letter in it, deceiving your son into believing he would see his mother.  
 The murderer, Hayes, is his paid accomplice, but the police have been notified.  
 Hayes can't get away.  
 Watson?  
 I followed them to the wilderness, but they were gone.  
 I searched the whole area, but they were swallowed up like the earth.  
 I looked up your family history.  
 I seem to remember that a huge limestone cave was mentioned as a place to store stolen cattle.  
 The cathedral!  
 Come on!  
 Hurry up!  
 Give him to me.  
 No!   You won't get him!  
 - Father!   - Come on, Father!  
 Father!  
 Father!  
 James!  
 I loved Francesca not with a boyish fervor, but with a manly love.  
 My marriage with her has aroused James's jealousy.  
 I could see his mother's face and manner in his body.  
 James knew that he could prevent me from loving my wife.  
 Even though he treated Arthur mercilessly  
 I could not drive him away for it.  
 So instead, I sent Arthur away.  
 What did he want to achieve by kidnapping his own brother?  
 Money?  
 Legal status?  
 And power.  
 Power over me.  
 He is pleased to be able to override me, knowing that I refuse to give him power.  
 But do you suspect that he is the master behind the bondage?  
 In my most gloomy moments I thought  
 Yet somehow I still wanted to save him.  
 Well, it was like a long atonement.  
 My only hope is that Francesca will forgive me.  
 Thank you, Mr. Formosus.  
 My lord... . .  
 This is a king's ransom (the check is very large)  
 You have given me back my future  
 The Bohemian Scandal  
 Got you!  
 You see the truth. . .  
 But it's the husband!  
 Go and close the window.  
 Sherlock Holmes. Sherlock Holmes always referred to her as "the girl", and his vague memory of the beautiful Irene Adler was a reminder of her. Adler  
 At the beginning of Irene Adler's case At the beginning of Irene Adler's case  
 Formos and I had been living together on Baker Street for several years.  
 I was out of the country for a few days on a medical trip before returning.  
 Generally speaking, after some time away from Formossian  
 I had to reacquaint myself with his eccentric temperament.  
 Oh!  
 Oh, good for you, Mrs. Hudson.   
 Dr. Watson, you look soaked to the skin!  
 Yes, that's all right.   
 I was standing in the rain for 20 minutes waiting for a carriage.   
 It's not good for your old wounds, Doctor.  
 I know.   
 Leave your coat and hat to me, and I'll dry them for you.   
 Mrs. Hudson, I haven't eaten anything all day.  
 It would be nice if dinner could be brought up soon.  
 Oh, I don't know what's happened to Mr. Holmes, but he's on gunpowder.  
 I can't bring the supper until he calls me.  
 That's his order.  
 Thank you, Mrs. Hudson.  
 My dear Fulmars.  
 What was the injection tonight?   Morphine or cocaine?  
 I can strongly recommend the 7% coke solution.  
 Do you want to try it?  
 I don't want to try it!  
 What I'm about to say is not only from the standpoint of a friend, but also from the standpoint of a doctor.  
 How can you ruin your exceptional talent for the sake of a momentary pleasure? !  
 I can't tell you how it makes my brain clear and excited.  
 Yes, but at the same time it can destroy your brain!  
 If I have nothing to do, my brain will rebel.  
 Give me problems, give me work, give me the deepest codes, the most complicated analysis, so that I feel most comfortable.  
 So that I don't need artificial stimulation  
 I detest the banality of life.  
 I am looking for spiritual excitement  
 That's why I chose this particular profession, or rather, I created it, after all, I'm the only person in the world who works in it.  
 The only private detective?  
 The only private consulting detective.  
 I don't take credit for it.  
 The pleasure of the work itself, which enables me to exercise my special powers, is my supreme reward.  
 You can close that drawer now.  
 You've got the wrong idea, doctor!  
 Here's what excites me.  
 I hope you had a good time abroad.  
 It's good for your appetite.  
 Speaking of which, I do wish you'd order dinner.  
 What's this?  
 Yes, I have to get ready for the guests.  
 It was delivered this morning.  
 Tell me what you think.  
 There's no date, no signature, no address.  
 Very well, you read it aloud.  
 "Dear Mr. Formosus."  
 "I shall visit you at 7:30 this evening." . ... "  
 God, there are only a few minutes left, Formosus.  
 Continuing  
 "I have a matter of the greatest importance to discuss with your Excellency.  
 "Your Excellency has lately been a great advocate for the European crown," and entrusted it to your Excellency. . . " . . . The unspeakable . . . "  
 " . . . . can be trusted." "This reputation is well known in the world." "Do not go outside at that time."  
 It's true... . . it's really . It's a very mysterious thing.  
 What do you think it means?  
 I don't have the facts to prove it.   
 It's not a good idea to speculate before that.  
 Well...  
 But can you deduce anything from the words themselves?  
 It must be the handwriting of one of the pioneers.   
 Very good.  
 He probably had a lot of money.  
 The paper must have been expensive.  
 The paper is extraordinarily strong and sturdy  
 It's especially those two words.  
 This is not a British paper at all.  
 You hold it up to the light and look at it.  
 Ah, a capital E, a small g, a capital P and a G, and a small t, all intertwined.  
 Do you know what it means?  
 The maker's stamp  
 Yes, Watson!  
 Come on!  
 Let's ask about this continental gazetteer.  
 Here's a cigar for you. You see, I don't mean to miss you when you come back.  
 Oh, Fulmars!  
 Would you like a whiskey?   Later, maybe with dinner.  
 That's the stamp of the pale gelschluss cht, which is German for "paper mill".  
 As for Eg. . . Egolow... . . This was a German-speaking region of Bohemia, known for its glassworks and paper mills.  
 It was a German-speaking region of Bohemia known for its glassworks and paper mills.  
 It was the Germans who wrote the note  
 Only the Germans would use verbs like this "such a reputation" and "renowned in all directions".  
 The guest who was to arrive was a German from Bohemia.  
 He arrived in a covered wagon drawn by two horses.  
 In this case, Watson, if nothing else, there was at least money to be made.  
 I think your trustees would like me to leave.  
 If so, doctor, you stay here!  
 I would not know what to do without my own Boswell. Johnson's assistant)  
 But he seems to want to keep it secret.  
 I might need your help. He might do the same.  
 You just sit here in this armchair and listen to us talk.  
 He's here.  
 I'm sorry, sir, but you mustn't barge in like that!  
 Mr. Formosus does not accept any unscheduled visits!  
 Oh, I'm sorry, Mr. Formosus!  
 I can't stop him!  
 It's all right, Mrs. Hudson!  
 - Please, go downstairs.  
 - Bring it to the door.  
 Of course. Thank you.  
 Did you get the note I wrote?  
 Yes, please sit down!  
 This is my friend and colleague, Dr. Watson, who often helps me with my cases!  
 Please, sir.  
 May I ask what I should call you?  
 You may call me Count von Kramer. I am a Bohemian nobleman.  
 I would prefer to talk to you alone.  
 Either we talk together, or we don't talk at all.  
 Talk to me as much as you can before this gentleman.  
 Well, then, I'll take your word for it that he is a prudent man to be trusted.  
 But first I have to promise you both absolute confidentiality for two years.  
 Is that right?  
 After two years, it doesn't matter.  
 For the moment it is so important that it may influence the course of the whole European history.  
 I promise to comply.  
 So do I.  
 You do not care for this mask, do you?  
 The nobleman who sent me here does not wish you to know who he sent.  
 I confess that what I have just said is not my true name.  
 I know this.  
 We must take all precautions to prevent the matter from becoming a great scandal.  
 To prevent a major trauma to a European royal family, which, frankly speaking, would involve the great Omskian family.  
 The hereditary kings of Bohemia, as I know. . ... Your Majesty.  
 You are right... . .  
 I am the king.  
 Why should I hide it?  
 Well, is it true?  
 I knew before your Majesty said anything that I was to talk to  
 Wilhelm Guthrie. Guthrie. Sigmundur. Von Ormstein.  
 Grand Duke Cassel, hereditary king of Bohemia.  
 You are still the best duelist in Europe  
 You have already killed four opponents!  
 Fairness and impartiality  
 Of course  
 To put it simply, here's what happened  
 Ha!  
 About ten years ago when I was on a long trip to Warsaw  
 I met the famous female adventurer  
 Eileen Adler. Adler.  
 No doubt you are familiar with this name.  
 Would you please look her up in the search for me, Watson?  
 My assumption, then, is that Your Majesty has had some involvement with this woman, and that you have written her several letters that would implicate yourself, and are now anxious to get them back.  
 Nothing wrong with that.  
 How do you know?  
 Italy... ... ...Italy...  
 Ah, Adler... . . Erin . . . Born in New Jersey in 1858  
 Is this the right one?   New Jersey, let me see.  
 The singer-bass who was the first female singer at the Petersburg and Warsaw opera houses has retired from the opera stage and now lives in London.  
 Occasionally, as a guest at concerts, it is she who  
 Ever been secretly married to her?  
 No. Is there no legal documentation or proof?  
 No.  
 Then I don't understand, Your Majesty.  
 If this young woman wanted to use the letters for blackmail or other purposes, how could she prove that they were genuine?  
 My handwriting  
 Pooh!   It is forged.  
 My own personal letterhead.  
 Stolen.  
 My own seal, imitated  
 My photo  
 Bought  
 Both of us are in that picture.  
 Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God.  
 Well, that's bad.  
 Your Majesty's life is indeed so indiscreet.  
 She was so beautiful and charming and smart and brave.  
 I was only a crown prince at the time.  
 I was very young!  
 Now I am not more than thirty years old.  
 Has Your Majesty tried to take back that picture?  
 I have tried, but I have failed.  
 Your Majesty must pay for it.  
 Buy the picture. She must not sell it.  
 Then steal it.  
 We've tried five times.  
 Twice I paid a thief to search her room.  
 Once we switched her luggage while she was traveling.  
 And two times we robbed her on the road.  
 But nothing came of it.  
 You dare to laugh at me? !  
 This is a very serious matter!  
 Yes, very serious, indeed.  
 What does she intend to do with the photo? She doesn't want money.  
 To destroy me.  
 How?  
 I'm about to get married.  
 I've heard.  
 I'm going to be married to Corotilde. Rosamund. The second daughter of the King of Scandinavia, Lord von Saxe-Meiningen.  
 A very good marriage.  
 Yes, you may be aware of their strict family rules  
 She herself is a very sensitive person.  
 If there is even the slightest doubt of my conduct, the marriage will end.  
 What about Irene Adler? What about Irene Adler?  
 Threatened to send them the pictures.  
 And she would have done so.  
 Her character was as strong as steel.  
 She has the face of the most beautiful woman and the heart of the strongest man.  
 She would have done anything for me to marry another woman!  
 Why, my lord, is she so persistent?  
 Oh, we were talking about getting married.  
 Ha!   She does not understand that this is impossible!  
 Are you sure she hasn't sent the pictures yet?  
 I'm sure.  
 Why?   Maybe they're on their way now.  
 Because she said she would send them on the day of the announcement of the marriage.  
 That's next Monday.  
 But I have to leave London on Friday to go back and get ready for the ceremony.  
 Oh, so we have three more days.  
 That's very fortunate, because I have other things on my mind at the moment.  
 Where is Your Majesty staying in London for the time being?  
 The Langham Hotel is called by the name of Count von Kramer, I remember.  
 Then, of course...   
 And the cost?  
 Here are £300 in gold and £700 in notes.  
 Irene Adler. Where is Miss Adler's address?   Good evening, Your Majesty.  
 I'm sure I'll be able to bring you good news soon.  
 We can go to Romano for dinner, but there are only three days left until Friday.  
 Oh, it has to be done on Friday.  
 There will be Tchaikovsky himself playing his work at St. James' Auditorium.  
 You can't miss it!  
 It has to be done on Friday  
 Dear Watson, I have to think alone.  
 Are you hungry?  
 Yes.   
 Mrs. Hudson would be happy to send you a sandwich.  
 A sandwich?   We'll talk tomorrow afternoon.  
 Good evening.  
 It's easier than doing it, isn't it, partner?  
 What?  
 It's not a practice.  
 I can always switch with you if you want.  
 What do you do?  
 First-class groom for eight weeks.  
 Is that right?  
 If you want, you can give me a hand.  
 I see you're quite honest. Why not?  
 Why not? On the contrary, the money for the liquor goes to the family.  
 You're the one who wants the money.  
 Go saddle up your horse and let's see how you're doing.  
 I spent a few hours with the horsemen.  
 Eileen Adler. Sister Adler had all the men in the area under her skirt.  
 She was the most beautiful woman in the world, as they say in the Serpentine stables.  
 She lived a quiet life, leaving every day at five o'clock in the afternoon and returning home for dinner at seven o'clock on time.  
 She lives in seclusion except when she's singing.  
 She has only one man with whom she has a close relationship  
 He came to see her at least once, often twice a day.  
 He lived in Godfrey, in the inner city of Temple. Mr. Norton.  
 You've got a good deal with the driver. See what you get?  
 Mr. Godfrey Norton. Mr. Norton is a lawyer. That's important.  
 Maybe it's not so good.  
 Why did he keep coming to see her?  
 Was she his client, friend or mistress?   If she was a client  
 she has probably given him the photos for safekeeping  
 If she was a mistress, the gentleman probably didn't know anything about it.  
 She began to sing  
 Her voice was ethereal and moving, Watson.   
 Then a series of surprising things happened, and first came a man, a man I thought was Mr. Godfrey Norton. Mr. Norton.  
 I'll be right back.  
 Go and get a carriage for your master.  
 We'll go right away.  
 To St. Monica's Church on Edgware Road.  
 At least five minutes before 12:00.  
 That's 20 minutes or less, and you'll get half a gold coin for doing it.  
 She is indeed a beautiful woman, Watson, with a look that would make a man fall in love with her.  
 A look that would make a man fall in love with her. . ...   I have never heard you describe any man like that, Formosus.  
 I was only speaking metaphorically, Watson, nothing more.  
 I was going to catch up with the wagon and jump into the back of it, when another one came.  
 The driver looked at my poor appearance, but I jumped in before he could refuse, showed him a handful of gold coins, and promised him a reward if he could get to St. Monica's in 20 minutes.  
 I don't think I've ever ridden in a wagon so fast.  
 But the other two arrived first.  
 Listen, I'm very, very sorry, Mr. Norton, but it's me... . .  
 My lord, it's almost noon.  
 Any later and it would have been useless.  
 I could have got a disagreeable clergyman to come, but I thought it unnecessary to let them know, and sent them off to drink.  
 Oh, my goodness!  
 God!  
 You're the one, come on, brother!  
 Yes, it's you!  
 A few more minutes and it will be illegal!  
 Come on, brother, come on!  
 Take this and do as he says.  
 You'll be paid.  
 Ah, there's a witness!  
 The ceremony can continue.  
 Dearly beloved, we are witnesses before God to the sacrament of the marriage of this man and this woman, which is of great importance, and which was instituted by God at the beginning of the world, alluding to the mystery of the union of Christ and the Church.  
 You have convinced me.  
 You have convinced me. Now, please allow me to convince you as well.  
 I will see you again tomorrow  
 Tomorrow morning  
 I love you  
 John 
 Hey, you!  
 Come here, brother.  
 Come on... . ... Come on.  
 Let me do it, Gov.  
 I want to thank you, sir, for being there when we needed you.  
 It was my luck that you were always there.  
 On the contrary, I have nothing urgent to do, my husband.  
 I hope that you will accept this  
 No need to tip me at all, husband.  
 Oh, sir, how about this as a little souvenir?  
 She gave me a pound of gold.  
 That's it.  
 What a completely unexpected thing to do!  
 I'm going to put it on my watch chain to remember the occasion.  
 So what now?  
 At the time of the ceremony  
 I thought my plan was dead  
 If the pair were to leave here immediately, I would have to take the quickest and most powerful measures.  
 But as we were leaving the church, he took a bus back to Temple and she went back to her place, which gave me plenty of time to make arrangements.  
 What do you say?  
 Doctor, I need your courage and resourcefulness to help.  
 I'm happy to do it!  
 Aren't you afraid of breaking the law?  
 Not at all.  
 Not a bit? Not even in case of arrest?  
 I am not afraid for the sake of a noble cause.  
 Oh, that's a more noble goal than any other.  
 Then I am your man.  
 That's good.  
 And now... Now... Now... The question now is... . .  
 You've dressed up very well, Sherlock Holmes!  
 The problem is where to find the photo.  
 The place has been stolen twice.  
 She's smart enough not to steal it.  
 She's a wonderful girl.  
 Those people must have searched thoroughly.  
 But they don't know how to find it!  
 And how do you find them?  
 I don't even look for her.  
 So what should I do?  
 I want her to show me the photos.  
 But she won't do it.  
 She has no choice.  
 Ah, we're almost there.  
 Let's just walk the rest of the way.  
 You know what to do?  
 You raise your hand and I'll move.  
 Ten minutes later, we meet at the designated place.  
 She's coming.  
 That's not okay.  
 I came first.  
 I opened the door, husband.  
 Not him, not me!  
 You two, get out of the way!  
 Let me go!  
 Opening doors for women is a legal way to make a living, sir.  
 You can't leave us without money, can you?  
 Let me go!  
 You let go of my horseman!  
 How dare you take food out of my mouth!  
 I'll give you back a mouthful, you bastard!  
 Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.  
 Husband, I will protect you!  
 Stop! You! You! Stop!  
 Back off!  
 Look what you've done!  
 He's dead!  
 Run, man, why don't you wait for the police to come and get you!  
 He's still breathing, but he's been beaten badly.  
 I'm sorry for my husband.  
 You've done a good job, John.  
 Is he badly hurt?  
 It's just a superficial wound, but we have to treat it quickly.  
 You can't leave him lying in the street.  
 Let's get him into the house.  
 All right, sir.  
 Oh, you're awake.  
 Thank God you're a brave man.  
 Come on, Willot.  
 No, no, no, you go away.  
 Let me take care of this friend who has come to the rescue myself.  
 Sir, look at me.  
 Oh, it will frighten the husband.  
 My very brave and dear friend.  
 No, no, no, I won't allow myself to do that.  
 Thank you.  
 Give me a piece of gauze.  
 Just as you said.  
 I'm relieved to see that you're not badly hurt.  
 Well, the wound is actually quite superficial, and the concussion is nothing.  
 It's strange.  
 What does he mean?  
 Why are there so many people gathered all of a sudden?  
 The hobos are in a gang, sir, and have agreed to rob you.  
 So many people for a small handbag.  
 Oh, no, dear friends, there's not enough money in here for them to share.  
 I've been to many places and seen many poor people, even convict husbands, and the look of those people is not so much curious as frightening.  
 Oh, I'm sorry. I feel a little dizzy.  
 Air, fresh air!  
 Willard, open the window!  
 Get another glass of water.   
 Do you smell salt?  
 Madam, madam, I smell a fire somewhere.  
 What is it?   
 Fire, fire, fire!  
 Fire, fire, fire!  
 Is it a fire?  
 Come out with me!  
 I'll take care of the old man!  
 I can't breathe.  
 It's a fake!  
 It's a false alarm, look!  
 This is a prank. ... ...   Shout at them, shout at them!  
 It's a fire!  
 It's a false alarm, did you hear it?  
 No need to call the fire alarm!  
 What's this?  
 It's a plumber's smoke grenade, Mrs. I have a congregation who is a plumber.  
 He said that if you light it and throw it into the pipe, you can see where the pipe is cracked.  
 No, no, no, no.  
 The smoke will disperse automatically  
 You said it was a prank.  
 Who would do such a thing to me?  
 The gang members.  
 But why?  
 I've already run away.  
 For revenge.  
 Retaliation?  
 Is there such a wicked person?  
 There are people in this world who take revenge as their reward.  
 I can't imagine this kind of reasoning  
 I believe that you cannot imagine a husband either.  
 I feel much better now.  
 I have to go now. Oh, please stay and eat something.  
 Well, there's a congregation waiting for me.  
 Then let my carriage take you away?  
 Oh, no, no, no, no, the fresh air will make me better. At least tell me your name and address, and I'll thank you.  
 I am but a humble servant in the service of my lord.  
 Good evening.  
 Good evening.  
 Doctor, you've done a wonderful job.  
 Did you get that picture?  
 Not yet, but I know where it is.  
 How did you find it?  
 She showed it to me. I said she would do it.  
 The problem is that she still has it.  
 You may have lost your chance to get it, Holmes.  
 No, I didn't.  
 I'm going to visit her in the morning.  
 You're going to look for her?  
 As myself, and call the King.  
 The King? And you, Watson!  
 And you, Watson!  
 You must be a witness.  
 I trust you'll sleep well tonight, Formosus.  
 The best cure for insomnia is crime solving.  
 Good night, Mr. Rock. Mr. Formosus, Mr. Watson... . ...
 And Formosus?  
 But she could not have loved him.  
 I wish she had loved him. Why?   
 For then his Majesty would not be afraid of future trouble.  
 If this woman loves her husband, she does not love His Majesty.   
 And if she does not love him, why should she interfere in his life's work?  
 I think it was Mr. Sherlock Holmes. Mr. Sherlock Formosus, I suppose?  
 I am Formosus.  
 My mistress told me that you would most likely come.   
 This morning she went away with her predecessor, and they took the 5:15 train from Charing Cross to the Continent.  
 Has she left England?  
 Never to return, sir.  
 It's all over now!  
 Look and tell.  
 Not this picture!   
 Formos, this is another picture!  
 Did you hear that, I said? !  
 Give me the letter.  
 This is for me.  
 "Dear Schrock. You did do a wonderful job, Mr. Fulmus."  
 "I was completely fooled".  
 "I had no doubts at all until I heard the cry of fire, but later, when I realized that I had revealed the secret, I suddenly understood.  
 "They said that if the king wanted to hire a scout, it would be you.  
 "It must be you." "But even so."  
 "You still made me reveal the secret you wanted to know, even when I saw so many people in the streets.  
 "I still could not believe that such a kindly old pastor could have evil intentions.  
 "But you know"  
 "I myself am a well-trained actress."  
 "I am not a stranger to male costumes." "Yes, I followed you to your door." "To be sure.  
 "You are the famous Mr. Schrock. I therefore took the liberty of greeting you with a good evening.  
 "and then went to my husband's in Temple.  
 "We were married in secret beforehand, lest we should be forced to leave the king in order to avoid him.  
 "And your presence was the signal for our separation."  
 "It is a terrible thing to be watched by a rival like you.  
 "That's why the place will be empty by the time you come tomorrow.  
 "As for the picture, your client can rest assured."  
 "I love a man far better than he and he loves me."  
 "The King can... . . "  
 "The King can do as he pleases" "and not worry about what trouble he may get from the one he has wronged"  
 "I keep that picture only for my own protection, as I keep a weapon for the future, by whatever means he may be able to spare me."  
 There is also the following text  
 "I keep another picture which I think he would like to keep. Mr. Sherlock Holmes." "Irene Norton. "To Irene Norton. To Irene Norton Adler."  
 What a remarkable woman!  
 What an admirable queen she would have made!  
 What a pity not to grow old with her!  
 As far as I know this woman  
 It is indeed difficult for her to grow old with a man like you, Your Majesty, and it is a pity that I have not been able to fulfill the mission given by Your Majesty.  
 I was not able to fulfill the mission given to me by Your Majesty.  
 There could not be a happier ending.  
 I know that she is a man of her word.  
 Now that picture is as safe as if it had been burnt.  
 I'm glad to hear your Majesty say that.  
 I am truly grateful to you. Please tell me what I can do to repay you.  
 This ring finger?  
 I feel that Your Majesty has another thing  
 I think there is something more valuable than this ring, just say the word.  
 This picture, Eileen's picture?  
 Of course, if you want it.   
 Thank you, Your Majesty, then I would like to wish you a very happy morning.  
 This is how the kingdom of Bohemia came to be involved in a great scandal and the best plan of Shilocke Formosus. The best plan of Sherlock Holmes  
 How a woman's wisdom failed her, and he used to laugh at her for having long hair and short wisdom.  
 But I haven't heard him say that lately, and when he mentions Irene Adler or that woman. Adler or that woman.  
 He always used the title "the girl", and in his eyes she was the best of the girls.  
 This does not mean that he had a similar love for Irene Adler. It does not mean that he felt anything like love for Irene Adler.  
 He saw women from a morbid point of view.  
 He saw them not as motives for crime, but as clues to solving crimes, but he kept her pictures locked away.  
 In his hazy memory, there was only one woman he could not forget, and that was the beautiful Irene Adler. Adler.  
 This was the home of Count and Countess Moka.   
 Thank goodness she's back.  
 She's out of the carriage.  
 Come on, Ryder.   
 Hurry up!  
 It's done. It's fixed. It should be fixed.  
 The Countess is disgusted to see the plumber hanging around her house.  
 All right, don't worry, I've fixed it.  
 I'll do as you say. I'll speed it up and do it fast.  
 It's beautiful.  
 The Count's wife's, huh?  
 Just for dating. ... Let's go.  
 Let's go, man. We can go now.  
 Just put it aside.  
 For the three of you.  
 Thank you, madam, for a happy Christmas.  
 Order me a cup of tea, Chusak.  
 Yes, ma'am.  
 I need a cup of tea to refresh myself.  
 Christmas Eve preparations are so torturous.  
 You're right, Husband.  
 And then a bath afterwards.  
 Husband  
 The blue stone. The blue stone was stolen.  
 Open your eyes and see.  
 Oh, John, she'll love it. It's so beautiful.  
 Just like her mother.  
 But can we afford it?  
 I told you I've been making a little money lately.  
 Even if I didn't, it's Christmas.  
 That's very thoughtful of you, John Horner. I'm so lucky.  
 With my wife and children by my side.  
 I'm so lucky to have my wife and children with me.  
 What do you think of this boat for our son?   Let's do it this way  
 I can't wait to sell it, Horner?  
 What do you mean?   I didn't do anything. What do you mean?  
 John Frederic Horner.  
 For stealing the valuable property of Count and Mrs. Moka.  
 You were arrested for stealing the valuable  
 You were arrested for stealing the valuable sapphires of Count Moca's wife. . I didn't steal it.   I didn't steal it. I really didn't steal it.  
 Someone saw the people in your hotel.  
 It was you, Sheriff, who described it. I didn't steal it. Believe me.  
 Let me go. I really didn't steal it.  
 Oh.  
 Mr. Formosus?  
 Mr. Formosus?  
 Mr. Peterson, the keeper of the Abbots. . ...  
 He wants to see you. Don't bother me.  
 Oh...  
 Mr. Formosus, I apologize for disturbing you.  
 Peterson, put the goose down. There's your hat.   
 You've bought a fat goose, and I'd love to have a Christmas dinner with a fat goose.  
 But that's the problem, Mr. Formosus.  
 The goose is not mine.  
 You might say that I got it.  
"For Mrs. Henry Baker."   
 Obviously it is not your hat.   
 Of course it is not, sir.  
 I don't know what to do in this particular case.  
 It was a bit of a fuss to call the police.  
 So I told my wife about it and she suggested I come to you.  
 Your wife is very wise. Sit down, my dear friend.  
 Tell me about the special circumstances.  
 Okay, here's the deal.  
 I was on my way home last night, and I had just finished attending a  
 At this time of the year, a few of us janitors get together. . .  
 exchanging holiday greetings   
 That's right.  
 Happy Holidays  
 You are a terrible victim, Mr.  
 To your health  
 As I said before, I was on my way home  
 I was on my way home when something unexpected happened.  
 Hey, what are you doing?   Hey, it's the police. . ...   Everyone, run! Run! Run!  
 Run!  
 I'm trying to help you, brother.  
 The hooligans are all running in one direction.  
 I tried to stop him, but he apparently thought I was a sheriff and wanted to arrest him for breaking glass.  
 to arrest him for breaking the glass.  
 So you took two trophies, this old felt hat  
 And a fine Christmas goose, which I am anxious to restore to their rightful owner, Mr. Formosus.  
 But I don't know where to start, dear Peterson, I understand your predicament.  
 Anyway, I said  
 My wife and I have conferred and decided to take these two things  
 I do not know whether this little thing will interest you, Mr. Formosus, a man of your particular profession.  
 I hope I have not wasted your time, Mr. Formosus.  
 All right, janitor.  
 Have you bought your own goose yet?   
 Not yet.   
 Then I suggest you take the goose home to fulfill its ultimate destiny.  
 And I'll keep the old felt hat of an unseen prophet who has lost his Christmas meal.   
 Listen to your Mr. Formosus, and so be it.  
 It may be cold, but there are signs that it is time to eat it, and there is no need to keep it.   
 Then I'm not sorry, Mr. Formosus.  
 I'll contact you as soon as there's any progress.  
 Yes, sir.   
 Well, I wish you a happy holiday.  
 And to you and your wife.  
 You still haven't found the stone.   
 No, no husband yet.  
 But we've caught the thief. It's Horner.   
 What about the clues to the stone?  
 We're assuming...  
 He had an accomplice, maybe more than one. What does that mean?  
 The husband and the plot of the novel are exactly the opposite.  
 Thieves have no credibility, and when they see money, they put it out of their minds. Money, you mean a reward?  
 Uh, yes.  
 Why would I offer a bounty?  
 In my experience, it's been quite effective.  
 I found out that a bounty can bring out the greedy thief.   
 Did it?   
 I'd be surprised if no one showed up in 24 hours to claim the reward.  
 What's the reward?  
 How much is the reward?   Oh, there you are.  
 The Count and Countess of Morcar are offering a reward of £1,000 for the discovery of the blue stone.   
 Inspector Brazillian, District B, is in charge of the case.  
 He has arrested John Horner, a 36-year-old plumber, who has vigorously pleaded his innocence.  
 Due to circumstantial evidence, the case was referred back to the Circuit Court.   
 Horner fainted in the heat of the proceedings and was carried out of the courtroom during his final statement.   
 I'm sorry you're busy.  
 I'm sorry I disturbed your cap research.  
 No, it was a completely worthless thing.  
 But there are a few issues related to it that are not so frivolous and even instructive.   
 I think the hat may look like a commonplace, but it's about something life-threatening, a clue that will help you unravel a mystery, warn against evil, and punish evil.  
 No, no, no, no, no, this is just one of the many strange little things that happen to a population of 400,000 people packed into a small area of a few square miles.  
 What do you see in this tattered felt hat?   
 You've always understood my methods.  
 What do you deduce about the personality of the man who wears such a special hat?  
 What did you deduce?   It was sent to me with a fat goose, Watson.  
 The fat goose had a small card tied to its left leg saying "For Mrs. Henry Baker".  
 In addition to this abbreviation  
 H. B. B.   I don't see any other message except that the abbreviation H.B. is assumed to mean "Henry Baker".   
 On the contrary, Watson, you can see everything, but you don't draw inferences from what you see.   
 You have too little confidence in your ability to draw inferences.  
 Tell me what inference you have made from this hat?   
 This is a learned man, and I can see that at a glance.   
 And for the last three years he has been well off.  
 Though he was poor, he used to be far-sighted, but now he is less so than before, and with the decline of his family, he must have taken up vices, perhaps alcoholism.  
 I fear that this is the reason why his wife no longer loves him.   
 My beloved Formosus.  
 But he still had the last of his pride, and he lived in seclusion, without any exercise at all.   
 He was a middle-aged man with gray hair, recently cut with lemon cream.   
 And there's no way he has a kerosene lamp in his house.  
 You must be joking.  
 It's not a joke at all.  
 I don't doubt that I'm slow.  
 For example, how do you deduce that he is knowledgeable?  
 It's a matter of volume.  
 A man with a brain that big must have a lot of stuff in his head.  
 What about the middle class?  
 This kind of flat brimmed cap  
 It was very popular three years ago, Watson. It's a top quality hat.  
 Look at the silk band and the luxurious lining.  
 If he could have afforded such an expensive hat three years ago.  
 If he could afford such an expensive hat three years ago, and has not bought a new one since, then he is obviously out of fashion and in a poor state.  
 This means that he had the foresight to sell a hat without an elastic band.  
 So it was made by him, which shows his foresight.  
 He's using it to prevent the cap from being blown away by the wind.   
 But you see how he broke the elastic band and didn't want to take the time to order a new one, which means he's depressed.   
 Hmm.  
 And there are a few other things.   
 He's a middle-aged man.  
 His hair is gray.   
 Recently had a haircut.
 He had lemon balm on his head.   
 All of this can be deduced from an examination of the underside of the cap lining.  
 The wet stains suggest that he sweats a lot, so he's not a hard worker.  
 Then he... . . his wife. His wife, he just said she doesn't love him anymore.   
 This hat hasn't been brushed in weeks.  
 If I see a man whose hat has been gathering dust for weeks, and his wife is ignoring it.  
 I fear he has unfortunately lost the love of his wife.  
 He may be a bachelor, too   
 No, he wanted to give the goose to his wife as a gift.  
 Don't forget the card tied to the goose's leg.  
 You'll always find an answer.  
 Wait a minute.  
 How did you deduce that he didn't have a kerosene lamp at home?   
 A drop of candle oil, or two, might have been an occasional drop.   
 But Watson, when I saw that there were more than five drops, I knew that he couldn't have gotten any candle oil from the kerosene lamp.  
 Are you satisfied?  
 You have a good mind.  
 The goose, Mr. Formosus. The goose.  
 What is it? Is it alive again?   And fluttered its wings and flew out of the kitchen window?  
 No, sir, look.  
 What did my wife find in the crop?  
 My God, Peterson, this is indeed a secret treasure. Do you know what it is?   A diamond. A precious stone.  
 You cut glass with it like putty.  
 This is not an ordinary stone.  
 It is that precious stone.  
 The blue stone from the theft of the World Heritage Museum.  
 It's true!  
 The reward of £100,000 was less than 1/2 of the market value of the blue stone.  
 £100,000, for God's sake!  
 You must admit, Watson, that the information I deduced from the cap  
 The importance of the message I have deduced from the cap is greatly increased.  
 The problem we have to solve now is to sort out the events between the theft of the stone and the discovery of the goose's shivering bag.  
 The sequence of events during this period  
 It is that the jewel, that the jewel came from the goose, that the goose came from Mr. Henry Baker.  
 He wore a tattered felt hat, among other things.  
 What we need to do now is to find this man and find out what role he played in this mysterious affair.  
 I have found a goose and a black felt hat at the corner of Gooch Street.  
 Mr. Henry Baker will please collect them at 6.30 p.m. from Room 221B, Baker Street, in a simple and clear manner.  
 Yes, but will he see it?   Of course, he will certainly look out for the evening paper, which is a heavy loss for a poor man.  
 Pedersen sent it to the advertising agency  
 Peterson sent it to the advertising agency and put it in all the evening papers.  
 The Globe, The Star, The Pomeroy, St. James's Palace, The Echo, The Evening News, The Standard, and all the other papers you can think of.  
 Let's do it, sir.  
 What about the stone?  
 I'll keep the stone for now.  
 Thank you, Pedersen.  
 Thank you, Peterson.  
 Will you buy me a goose on your way back?  
 Give him the money, Watson.  
 I must buy Mr. Henry Baker a goose to take the place of the one your family is to enjoy.  
 Yes, thank you, sir.  
 £10,000?   
 What are you going to do with this jewel?  
 I'm going to put it in my display case.  
 Horner.  
 The Countess is very angry with me, and though you are locked up, she is more concerned about the stone.  
 I never took the stone, Sheriff, this... ... Where did you hide it?  
 Where did you hide it? Tell me.  
 Maybe I can help you plead with the judge.  
 But if you don't know what you're doing.  
 I've been quiet ever since I married Jerry.  
 If you don't tell the truth.  
 When the judge finds out about your past.  
 I'm afraid you'll never see your lovely wife again.  
 I've got you, Horner, but I need the jewel more.  
 It's a beautiful stone. Look at it. It's so beautiful.   
 And yet it is the root of sin. Every precious stone is like this.  
 They are bait for the devil's pleasure  
 On the larger and older stones, each cut represents a cruel sin.  
 It was discovered by the river in Xiamen, South China  
 Its peculiarity lies in the fact that it has all the characteristics of a red gem, except that it is blue.   
 This stone was discovered less than 20 years ago  
 Although it has not been in circulation for long, it already has an embarrassing history  
 Two murders, a sulphur disfigurement, a suicide, and several robberies have been attributed to this forty-grain crystalline carbon.   
 Who would have thought that such a beautiful ornament would be the supplier of criminals to the gallows and prisons?  
 Come in.  
 You are Mr. Henri Baker, are you not?  
 Please sit near the fireplace.  
 It's a cold day. I think your blood circulation must be better in summer than in winter.   
 Sit down, please.  
 This is my good friend and partner, Dr. Watson.   
 Good for you, sir.  
 Mr. Baker  
 Is this your hat?  
 Yes, this is indeed my hat.  
 Thank you, Mr. Baker.   
 I wanted to put out a search notice, but I'm not as broke as I used to be.  
 I thought those rascals who attacked me had taken the hat and the goose.  
 I thought there was no point in spending more money for something I couldn't get back. 
 Of course, I can understand that.  
 By the way, we had to eat that goose of yours.  
 It's eaten.   
 If we don't do that, the goose will be really unpalatable.  
 But we bought another goose and it's on the sideboard.  
 I think it's about the same weight as your goose, and it's very tender.   
 Oh, of course.  
 Of course, we still have the feathers, legs, crop, etc., of the original goose, if you want to...  
 I don't see how my goose's bits and pieces can be of any use to me other than that.   
 If you don't mind  
 I... . . I think my concern is with me-- I'm going to focus my attention on the fat goose I saw in your pantry. 
 Where did you get that goose?   
 I'm very interested in raising poultry, and I've rarely seen such a nice fat goose.   
 So I am very interested in the details of the goose you bought.   
 It was the club that gave my husband a goose club.  
 A goose club?   To be more specific  
 I... . I'm not a rich man. I'm not a rich man, as you can see, sir.  
 I live a poor but dignified life. Let's say I work at the British Museum.   
 Doing research?   
 Sort of. I also help people with their research.  
 I've read a lot of books.   
 I left the museum early that day and left in the afternoon.  
 I finished my personal business and went to the Alpha Bistro, where some of my colleagues from the museum used to go.  
 This year our good owner  
 Mr. Wendy Gator started a goose club, and considering the few pence we pay to the club every week, we got a goose for Christmas.   
 A fine, fat goose, as promised by your Mr. Baker.  
 That's a rare, fat goose, old man.  
 Now you can make up with your wife, can't you?  
 I'm afraid she's still a bit dissatisfied with me.  
 I'm sure everything will improve when I find another lucrative job.  
 Oh, it must be an academic job.   
 I have a good future.  
 Here's the eight pence I owe you from last time.  
 Mr. Baker's "overnight riches"?   I happened to meet a sympathetic acquaintance.  
 A sympathetic acquaintance, in fact.  
 I sold him a few of my books.  
 Not your books, Mr. Baker.  
 It was a necessity, Mr. Wendy Gatte, and this winter was more difficult than ever.   
 We cannot part with what we love, and we should cherish what we marry.  
 Let's put this token of goodwill aside for a moment while I relieve the pressure.  
 So give me a large glass of whiskey and a pint of your best beer.  
 Christmas cheer  
 Christmas cheer, Mr. Baker.  
 On my way home  
 I was attacked by a group of hooligans, who I thought had stolen my goose.  
 And my hat was lost in the struggle.  
 I . . . I remember that a uniformed police officer appeared on the scene and we all ran away.  
 Of course, we can understand that.   
 In that case, well   
 A good result is a good result.  
 I thank you very much for your trouble, sir.  
 I think this Sugerland hat  
 I don't think it's appropriate for my age or my status.  
 Happy holidays, sir.   
 You too, sir.  
 Thank you. Thank you.  
 Oh, by the way, do you have a kerosene lamp at home?  
 No, of course not. Happy Christmas.  
 And a happy Christmas to you both.  
 Well, that concludes the business of Mr. Henry Baker.  
 He apparently knew nothing about the jewel, Mrs. Hudson.  
 Watson, are you hungry?  
 No, I'm very hungry.   
 That's good.  
 Mrs. Hudson, let's change our dinner to a midnight snack.  
 We're going to get it while it's hot.  
 Can it be hotter than a midnight snack?  
 Good evening, gentlemen. It's a cold night.  
 Yes, it is, old man.  
 What would you like to drink?  
 Beer, Watson?   What?   Oh, yes.  
 Two of your best beers.  
 Just a minute, sir.  
 If your beer is as good as your goose, then it's the best beer.  
 My goose?  
 We were just talking to Mr. Henry Baker, a member of your goose club, half an hour ago.  
 Well, that's true, but those aren't our geese.  
 Then whose are they?  
 I bought 24 of them from a vendor in Covent Garden.  
 What was his name?  
 Breckenridge, a purveyor. He always has good stuff.  
 I remind you, if you want to buy a goose.  
 I can go to him right away, and as you know, it's the busiest time of the year.  
 Thank you for the suggestion.  
 Can I have another beer?  
 God bless you, sir.  
 Go to Breckenridge right now.  
 Do you have to go now?  
 Watson, we're following a lead that was overlooked by the police, a lead that by coincidence fell into our hands.  
 We have to follow the trail to the end, no matter what. No matter what. We're heading south now.  
 Don't cry.  
 I also want to believe you, John, for real.  
 But I can't argue with what the police said.   
 But they only said that they arrested me because I was there that day.   
 I was only there to do odd jobs.  
 Is that really true?  
 I promised you when we got married.  
 I would never lie to you.  
 I've always kept my promises.  
 And I want to trust you.  
 Good evening.  
 Good evening.  
 I see you've sold all your geese.  
 Do you have 50 of them for sale tomorrow morning?  
 It's late. There are still some in the stall with the kerosene lamp on.  
 But someone introduced me to you.  
 Who?  
 The old man from the Alfa tavern.  
 Yes, he bought 24 of them from me.  
 Those are some nice geese.   
 May I know where you got them from?  
 All right, sir.  
 What do you mean, exactly?  
 Tell me what you want to say.   
 I've already made it clear.  
 I just want to know who supplied the geese you sold to Alpha's store.  
 I don't want to tell you that's all.  
 It's a small matter, but I don't understand why you're so angry.  
 You try being pestered like that and see.  
 I pay a lot of money for the good stuff and that's the end of it, right?   
 What? "Where are the geese?" "Who did you sell them to?" "How much did you sell them for?"  
 It's like caring so much about these geese that you think there are no other geese in the world.   
 I assure you that I have nothing to do with the rest of the people who came to ask.  
 An inquiry?   This is simply an interrogation.   
 I won't tell you that.  
 Then the bet will have to be blown.  
 What's the bet?  What's the bet?  
 I'll always stand by my views on poultry  
 I bet this friend of mine five pounds that the goose I chose was raised in the farmyard, right?  
 What?   Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's right.  
 Then you lost because it was fed in the city.  
 That's not true.  
 That's the way it is. I don't believe it.  
 Here's your money, Formosus.  
 You think I don't understand? I've been working with poultry since I was a kid.  
 Let me tell you, all the geese sold to Alpha's store were fed by the city.  
 You say you can't convince me.  
 Bato Formosus is willing to bet.  
 So you're willing to bet?  
 That's only to make you lose money.   
 But I will still bet you a gold pound, just to teach you your obstinacy.  
 Make friends, then.  
 Look carefully, Mr. Pride, this is my book, in which I have a list of those who have sold me geese.  
 On this page are all the country people.  
 On this page, written in red ink, are the city suppliers.  
 Read out the name of the third person for me.  
 Mrs. Oakeshott, 117 Brixton Road.   
 Customer number 249.  
 Good. You can look at the ledger again.  
 Mrs. Oakshott's egg and poultry supplier?  
 And what's that last entry?  
 24 geese sold for 7 shillings and 6 pence to Wendy Gator at the Alpha Tavern.  
 Do you have anything else to say?  
 What about this gentleman's five pounds?  
 Well done, Formosus.  
 Are you going to see Mrs. Oakeshott tonight?  
 Why, it is you again. Are you tired of it?  
 I told you, they're all sold out.  
 You heard me say there were two grey-crowned geese.  
 Look, I'm bored with you and your geese, and to hell with you both.  
 If you ever bother me with that stupid talk again  
 I'll let the dogs bite you.  
 Listen to me, Mrs. Oakeshott told me. . ...  
 You bring Mrs. Oakshott here, and I'll give her an answer.  
 But what's that got to do with you?   
 Did I buy my goose from you?  
 No, but there's a goose there that's mine.  
 Then you go to Mrs. Oakeshott and ask her to let me come to you. 
 You can ask the King of Prussia for it, but it's none of my business.  
 I've had enough of this.  
 Get the hell out of here!  
 Save us the trip to Brixton.  
 I'm sorry I overheard you talking to that trader.  
 I thought I might be able to help you with that.  
 Really? Who are you?  
 I'm Sherlock Holmes. My job is to know what no one else knows.  
 But you can't know this.  
 On the contrary, I know everything.  
 I know you're looking for Mrs. Oakshott of Brixton Road, who sold Breckenridge a certain lot of geese.  
 And Breckenridge sold the geese to Mr. Wendy Gator at the Alpha Tavern.   
 You, sir, are the man I'm looking for.  
 I can't express how interested I am in this matter.  
 Then I suggest that we discuss this matter in a more comfortable place.   
 Carriage.  
 Come in and sit down.  
 I'll go change my slippers.  
 I think we must first know who it is that we have the pleasure of serving, don't we, Watson?   
 John Robinson.  
 No, no, no, no, no, no, no. I'm asking for your real name.   
 It's not convenient to use an alias for business.  
 Well, then, my real name is Ryder, James Ryder.  
 Okay, Mr. Ryder, foreman of the World Hotel.  
 Yes, that's right.  
 You'd be interested to know the whereabouts of those geese, especially if one of them is the white-bodied, gray-crowned one?  
 Oh, sir, can you tell me about its fall?  
 Did it come to me, to you?   Sadly, it is no longer here.  
 But this goose laid an egg after it died.  
 The most beautiful, shiny little blue egg I've ever seen.  
 Here, let me show you.  
 The game is over, Ryder.  
 Stand still and watch out for falling into the fireplace.  
 The poor worm was indeed very small, and he no longer had the courage to commit serious crimes.  
 I've got all the pieces of the case under control, and there's nothing more you can tell me.  
 It was Catherine Chusac who instigated me.  
 She's the Count's wife's maid.  
 It is true that you learned from the grapevine that Horner had committed similar thefts.  
 And then what did you do? You and your accomplice Chusak did something in the Count's wife's room. 
 You tried to call Horner to you.  
 And you stole the stone and called the police, and unfortunately, Horner was imprisoned.  
 For the love of God, have mercy on me.  
 Think of my father, my father, my mother... they'll be heartbroken.  
 I've never done anything bad before, and I'll never do it again. 
 I can swear on my hand on the Bible  
 Don't send me to court, Mr. Formosus.   
 For God's sake, don't do it!  
 Sit back in your chair.  
 Now that you know that you are on your knees and begging for mercy, how can you not have mercy on Horner, who knows nothing of you and is in the dock because of you?  
 I will go away, Mr. Formosus. 
 I will leave this country.  
 Then the charges against him will be dropped.  
 We'll talk about that later.  
 Now tell me how the stone got into the belly of the goose.  
 And how did the goose come to be sold in the market?   
 Tell me the truth. It is your only hope for survival.  
 I'll tell you everything that happened.  
 I thought it best to take the stone and run away at once, for I did not know when the police would think of searching me and my room.  
 There wasn't a safe place in the hotel.  
 I pretended to be sent out of the hotel and then went to my sister's house to try to make more plans.  
 What's the matter, Jem? You look awful.  
 I had a bit of a scare. There was a burglary at Maggie's.  
 You get in the house.   
 I went into the backyard where she kept the geese, smoked a cigarette, and wondered what to do.  
 I remember I was in a panic until I thought about where to hide the stone.   
 Suddenly I saw the geese cooing in the corner of the yard.   
 My sister once told me I could pick a goose for my Christmas gift.  
 I picked out a goose with a gray crown, a nice fat goose.  
 I stuffed the stone down its throat as far as my fingers could reach.  
 I thought that all my troubles were solved when... . .  
 What are you doing with that goose, Jem?   You said I could pick one for the Christmas gift.  
 I'm trying to see which one is the fattest.  
 We saved your goose. We call it "Jem's goose."  
 Well, Maggie, it's just the same for you. 
 I'd like the one I just held in my hand.  
 But the one I left for you weighs three more pounds.  
 We fattened it up specially. It doesn't matter.  
 I'll take that one. I'll take it now.  
 Whatever you want.  
 Which one do you want? 
 Just the one with the gray crown in the middle.  
 Let's kill it and take it away.  
 I did as she said, Mr. Formosus.  
 I took the goose to my friend's house, and we gutted it with a knife.  
 We opened the goose with a knife, and my heart went cold.  
 There were no sapphires in the crop, and I knew something was wrong.  
 Where did all the geese go?  
 They were sold to a trader.  
 Which merchant?  
 Breckenridge of Covent Garden.  
 Tell me, was there another goose, also gray-crowned?  
 Yes, there were two of them.  
 Even I can't tell them apart.  
 What's the matter? Why are you so frightened?  
 I ran as fast as I could to Breckenridge's.  
 But he had already sold all the geese and wouldn't tell me who he sold them to.   
 I was going crazy.  
 Now I have been branded a thief, though I have not got the treasure for which I sold my character.  
 God forgive me!  
 God forgive me!  
 Get out of here.  
 What?  
 May God bless your life. 
 Shut your mouth!  
 Go away.  
 I have to admit, Formos, this was a bit of a surprise to me.  
 I haven't been called to the police station to tell them what they don't know.  
 Maybe I've committed a felony too, but I might have saved someone's life.   
 If I send him to prison, he'll be a prisoner for life.  
 After all, it's the time of amnesty.  
 It is midnight.  
 Joy of the Nativity Formosus  
 Joy of the Nativity, my dear friends, etc., etc.  
 When I think of it, I can't eat in peace.  
 Do you think Brazillian or his colleagues may still be hard at work on the case? 
 You are right, Watson. Let us go.  
 Mrs. Barclay, your tea is here.  
 Your tea, ma'am.  
 I hate you. I hate you.  
 I hate you. I hate you.  
 David  
 - Your tea, Mrs. Barclay  
 - David, you have betrayed him!  
 Mrs. Fenning  
 What's happened, son?  
 Something terrible has happened between Mrs. and the school, and the door won't open.  
 I'll try.  
 You two, stop him!  
 Mrs. Barclay, open the door.  
 Mrs. Buckley opened the door.   
 The door is locked from the inside and there's no key.  
 I'll get a doctor and a policeman.  
 When I returned home by boat with my wounds, there were many of them.
 They did a great job in the Indian rebellion.   
 You won't regret taking this case.  
 Ah, the sentry.  
 Dr. Watson, formerly a medic in the Imperial Berkshire Regiment, now practicing medicine on his own.  
 I am Lieutenant-Commander Murphy, and because of the untimely death of my colonel, I am now in charge of the Royal Marines.  
 And this is Mr. Formosus, I believe.  
 Please sit down.  
 It's very kind of you to arrive so soon.  
 You're welcome. 
 I have already explained to Mr. Formos the scandal you must be worried about.  
 Thank you.  
 The honor of the regiment now rests with me.  
 But the newspapers say there must be a scandal here.  
 There must be none. 
 I have done my best to keep the reporters away.  
 Yes, that's why they are more suspicious.  
 Even if they knew little, they must have smelled a mystery in it.  
 Oh, but it cannot be renewed. . to regain their attention . . ... 
 Yes.  
 You have seen how much we need your help, Mr. Formosus.
 What do you say?   Formosus.  
 What can I say?  
 Captain Murphy, you have told me nothing!  
 I came to Aldershot on the strength of Watson's persuasion that he was more interested in army affairs than I was.  
 Since I am here, you should have told me the truth!  
 The commanding officer of this regiment  
 The commanding officer of this regiment, Colonel James Barkley. Colonel James Barkley, commander of this regiment, was found dead in his apartment about 10 o'clock last night.  
 The body was found in his apartment in the early morning by a messenger of Private Colonel Bates.   
 The Colonel had a two-inch wound on the back of his head, apparently caused by a blunt blow.  
 On the floor next to the body was a very distinctive hand-carved wooden stick.  
 And on the sofa lay the fainting Nancy Bartholomew. Nancy Barr. ... ...   That's Mrs. Barclay.  
 Please continue, Captain Murphy.  
 It was only when the servants heard the noise that they noticed the tragic quarrel between Colonel Barclay and his wife.  
 The servants tried to get into the morning room, but found the door locked.  
 So Bates went around to the garden and entered through the landing.  
 Is it Mrs. Buckley you're wondering about now?  
 Yes, but she was clearly not the person to do such a thing.  
 I was for many years an aide-de-camp to the late Colonel Barclay in his regiment.  
 So I knew Mrs. Buckley very well, too.  
 Of course  
 Tell me the particulars of Colonel Buckley, who was well respected by his men?  
 Considering his background, he was very well respected.  
 His background?   Was he tainted in any way?  
 No, but no one on the outside knows that James Barkley was only a member of the team. James Barkley was a private in the Marlows.  
 Yes?  
 It was a rare achievement to go from private to commander in the same regiment.  
 He was promoted because of his bravery in the Indian counterinsurgency, and over the years he has risen through the ranks much faster than I have. 
 It is indeed very impressive.  
 Is Mrs. Barkley, unfortunately, in custody?  
 No, not at all.  
 She's in the hospital, she's being looked after, and there's a police officer there too.  
 Nancy Buckley. But you should have seen her when she was a young woman in India, thirty years ago.  
 She was the daughter of a regiment.  
 Her father was a sergeant major in the regiment, Warrant Officer Devoy, and therefore a revered father-in-law to any soldier.  
 I remember when my companions thought she was the nicest girl on the ground.  
 As a junior officer, I didn't have much contact with her, but I noticed that she was such a fascinating, courageous and energetic girl.  
 So, of course, Barkley was not the only one in the regiment  
 But he was the one who wanted her, but he was the one she chose.  
 They were married in Portage, not far from Camber, in the summer of 1858, a few months before General Neal's troops had rescued our regiment from the siege.  
 Shortly after the wedding 
 As one might expect, Sergeant Barkley was promoted.  
 The early years of marriage may have been difficult for the Bakri couple.  
 A lowly soldier marries the daughter of a regimental sergeant.  
 Yes, there should have been some social friction.  
 But Nancy used her charm to defuse them and they were soon accepted. 
 Buckley's career was on the rise, and when the regiment returned from India five years ago.  
 Barkley was promoted to command the regiment.  
 Was their marriage always a happy one?  
 It looks like it, yes.  
 Did it look like it? 
 Most people thought it was a happy and harmonious marriage.  
 How do you feel about that, Captain Murphy?  
 Because I was a deputy, I was able to visit the Barkleys often.  
 I saw the other side of their marriage.  
 The truth is more important than your loyalty to your late commanding officer.  
 One night after dinner at the Barkleys' house.  
 I got to the end of the driveway and remembered that I had left my cigar box in the dining room.  
 I walked back and the front door was still open.  
 Jane, the maid was still in the foyer.  
 It's good that you're still here.  
 I left the cigar box on the table.
 I think Colonel Barclay and Mrs. Barclay are asleep, sir.  
 James, for heaven's sake.  
 Tell me the truth. Who is it? Who is it?  
 Let go of me. You're hurting me.  
 Then tell me you love me, and me only, and no one else.  
 Do you hear me? Do you hear me? 
 If I didn't love you, would I have married you?  
 I don't know. Sometimes I really want to know.  
 This jealous quarrel began not long after you left, Captain Murphy.  
 Tell me, was Barclay a violent man, or was he not?  
 Sometimes, yes.  
 He was very considerate of his younger subordinates.  
 But it must have taken a lot of brutality to make it all the way up the ladder.  
 I'm sure he doesn't feel uncomfortable as a commander, does he?  
 No, but sometimes he can suddenly become very gloomy.  
 Salutations to the Queen  
 Salutations to the Queen  
 Sometimes we'd talk about some previous battle, the Battle of Primor, the pacification, the Afghan war, and the smile would suddenly fade from his lips as if it had been taken from him by an unseen hand.  
 Yes, after serving in India for such a long time, it must have had some effect.  
 I often saw it in Berkshire, too.  
 You mentioned a hand-carved stick next to the corpse, a souvenir of the colonel's return from India? 
 The servants all said they had never seen this stick before.  
 In all my visits, I have never seen it.  
 It's a long one.  
 Did the policeman take it away for inspection?  
 Yes, they did.  
 They thought it was the murder weapon.  
 Yeah.  
 I think we should start by visiting the Colonel's apartment, but it would be better if we could see Mrs. Barclay first. 
 I'm afraid she's still in a coma.  
 I think so.  
 DAVID. . . David... . .  
 What a beautiful morning.
 Would Mrs. Foremost Barclay have a lover and did Colonel Barclay know about it?  
 Captain Murphy seems to be very close to her.  
 You know, that kind of affair is a common thing between officers and wives in the tropical service.  
 Thank you, Watson, for opening my eyes to the moral values of the military.  
 If Murphy and Mrs. Buckley had had a real affair, would he have mentioned the little incident of forgetting the cigar box?  
 It was about 7:30 when Mr. Barclay and I were serving dinner.  
 One evening a month, Mrs. Barclay goes to Aldershot to do good deeds.  
 Where are you going in such a hurry?  
 The distribution of the old clothes began at eight o'clock, and I promised Ann Morrison. Morrison.  
 I would be at the distribution hall on time.   
 If those fleas in the old clothes are going to give you any nasty disease. 
 That's your own business.  
 I think we should give back what we've been given equally. 
 We are lucky enough that others are not so lucky  
 Don't come back too late.   
 I won't.  
 Mrs. Barclay should have been back at 9:00, sir.  
 I was in the kitchen helping the cook wash the dishes. 
 There was a thunderclap in the distance.  
 I was saying to Mrs. Fenning, "It looks like a storm is coming," when the bell in the living room rang early in the morning.  
 I went there and found that Mrs. Buckley had come back.
 She was pacing back and forth in her room, pale and restless.  
 She looked awful, sir.  
 Did you ring the bell, ma'am?  
 Yes, I'd like some tea.   
 Yes, ma'am.  
 Jane, is that you?  
 Yes, sir. I thought I heard Mrs. Jane come in.  
 Yes, sir. She's in the morning room.  
 Early morning sitting room?   Yes, sir. 
 I was about to bring a pot of tea to Mrs.  
 Tea?   Why tea at this time of the day?  
 So it seems that was the last time Mr. Barclay was seen in his life?  
 Yes, sir.  
 Do you know, by your guess, why your mistress went to the morning sitting room?   It was very late, and the fire was not even lit.  
 I don't know, sir.  
 Did she often avoid school on purpose?  
 Did you ever hear them fighting before?  
 Not to my knowledge, no, sir.  
 When you came back from the kitchen with Mrs.'s tea, you found the door locked and heard them raise their voices.  
 Tell me what you heard, exactly.  
 They were arguing, sir.  
 Mrs. said the Colonel was a coward.  
 She said that you had ruined my life all these years.  
 The wife called out the name "David"  
 Twice.  
 David?   Do you swear to that?  
 It's true, sir.  
 But the Colonel's name was James.  
 Have you ever heard your wife speak of a man named David?  
 No, neither the colonel nor the lady knew a man by the name of David.  
 Captain Murphy's church name was Patrick.  
 Have they had any recent guests named David?  
 No sir.  
 Did you ever see a stick of wood found beside the body of Colonel Buckley?  
 No, Colonel. 
 There were a few trophies brought back from India, but there was no stick among them.  
 Are you sure about that, Miss Stuart?  
 Yes, sir.  
 I don't know where it came from.  
 Thank you. That's all for today.  
 Oh, no, there's one last thing.  
 Captain Murphy left a cigar box behind once. Did you find it? 
 Yes, sir.  
 Colonel, it's lying here, sir.
 Head by the fireplace fence?  
 Yes, sir.  
 You can still see the bloodstains.  
 But what's scary is his face.  
 His face?  
 I turned him over.  
 I almost fainted when I saw his face.  
 A twisted, grim face, full of fear.  
 It was like seeing the Grim Reaper?  
 Probably so, sir.   
 Thanks, Bates.  
 What kind of ghost could have frightened the Colonel like that?  
 It must not have been Nancy Buckley. Nancy Barclay.
 The door was locked, sir, and the key was gone.  
 No?  
 Yes, and we had to call a locksmith to get the door open.  
 Did you look for the key at all?  
 We searched up and down.  
 Mrs. Barclay didn't have them, and they weren't in Colonel Barclay's pocket.  
 Thank you, Mrs. Fenning.  
 Watson, if the key wasn't stuck in the door, it wasn't in Mr. and Mrs. Buckley's pocket. . . 
 Then there should be a third person.  
 That's right. That person either enters through this window or exits through it.  
 These are the footprints of Bates.  
 But these are the other man's.   
 He had just walked across the lawn a short time ago, and his footprints were still visible.  
 He came in through the window, Watson. We've got the right one.  
 Watson, look at this.  
 - What's this?   - This foreigner also has an unusual companion.  
 Is it a dog?   Whose dog is it?  
 Anyone heard a dog pouncing on the curtains?  
 Or was it a cat?  
 These paw prints are not those of a cat, nor of a monkey, nor of any creature with which we are familiar.  
 From hind paws to front paws, at least 15 inches apart.  
 Add to that the length of its neck and brain, and the creature is at least two feet long, or even longer if it has a tail.  
 Its stride is also oddly long, suggesting a long body and short legs.  
 Something like a ferret or a weasel? 
 We also know it's a carnivore.   
 How do you know?  
 From the paw prints, we can see that it has pounced on the curtains.  
 Trying to eat a canary.  
 That's right. 
 What is this beast anyway?  
 No, I can't. I can't betray my friends. Don't make me do it.  
 Sister Morrison, when Mrs. Barclay left home the night before last to come here, she was happy and contented.  
 But two hours later, she came home a different person.  
 Now the police suspect her of being the perpetrator.  
 It's your responsibility to clear her name.  
 You have to tell me what happened that night that made her change so much.  
 Well, if I can really help her, I'm willing to break my promise of secrecy. 
 So it's true what happened. . ... 
 It's very strange.  
 We see all sorts of people here.  
 But the night before last, I saw the strangest man I've ever seen.  
 He was not only hunchbacked, but he had a limp and walked with a bent knee. 
 His skin was dark and wrinkled like a shriveled apple.  
 I thought to myself that there are really people in the world who suffer far more than they should.  
 The man was dressed in eastern garb, which made him even more unusual.  
 I pointed the man out to Nancy, thinking that he deserved our special care.  
 Nancy was really in a good mood that night, and I saw her go up to the man and ask him if he needed help.  
 That's when she changed her whole personality. 
 She started talking to this guy, and then suddenly she turned bloodless.  
 She looked like she had seen a ghost.  
 The man was very surprised to see her, and I saw him gesticulating furiously.  
 Then Nancy and the man went to a quiet corner and they talked for a while, and I heard the man scream in anger, and then he ran out of the room, waving his fists.  
 Are you all right?  
 Who was that poor fellow?  
 It's an old friend of mine who's in a bad way.  
 Promise me, Anni, you'll keep this a secret from anyone, okay?  
 Of course, if you want me to keep it a secret, I promise you.  
 Who was that guy?   
 I knew you were going to ask this one.  
 After that encounter, Nancy left.  
 I naturally asked a few of the regulars there about this man.  
 This unusual-looking man would certainly have attracted some attention.  
 It seems he was a soldier who had returned from India, and no one knew anything else about his history, except that he made his living by entertaining the troops with magic shows and the like. 
 Did you tell the police about this man?  
 No, of course. A promise is a promise.  
 Yes, that's for sure. 
 Thank you, Miss Morrison.  
 That's our intruder's four-legged companion.  
 A meerkat.  
 I think we've found our man.  
 Mr. Hunley Wood Mr. Henry Wood has just arrived from India.  
 May I speak to you?  
 What's the matter?  
 The death of Colonel Barkley.  
 She was innocent, I assure you.  
 Then it's you who's guilty.  
 No, I'm innocent too.  
 And who struck down Colonel Barclay?  
 It was the will of God that killed him, and it was his own guilty conscience.  
 You will do well to explain.  
 Colonel, if I had really smashed his brains in, as I always intended to do, he would have deserved it.  
 But I didn't touch a finger of his.  
 Someone saved me the trouble.  
 Let me tell you my story.  
 I have nothing to be ashamed of.  
 Before you is a man with a humped back, and all his ribs are crooked.  
 But I, Henry Wood Corporal Wood was one of the handsomest men in the Royal Maroons.  
 Were you in the same regiment as Colonel Buckley?  
 Yes, but he was only a private at the time.  
 We were in the same army, and we had one thing in common: we were both in love with the same woman: Nancy Devoy. Nancy DeVoe.  
 She was the daughter of the regimental sergeant.  
 There were two men in love with her, but she loved only one.  
 She... ... ... You would have laughed at the sight of me curled up in a ball in front of the fire, and at the handsome way I said Nancy loved me. 
 I'm the one she's always loved. 
 But though I had won her heart, her father did not approve.  
 I was a rash, reckless little boy, but I was also honest and open.  
 Nancy's father wanted her to marry Barclay.  
 He was a prudent man, not a nuisance, not capable of wrongdoing, unlike me who often took Nancy to places her father did not like.  
 And Barkley had been taught that his future was bright (he would be given a sword).  
 Warrant Officer DeVoy naturally felt that Barkley was more suited to his daughter.   
 But she was faithful to me, and we would have been married if it had not been for the rebellion.  
 Then why did Nancy not marry the man she loved?  
 It was the rainy season of 1857 when the Indians mutinied.  
 The regiment was surrounded in Bharti.   
 Ten thousand rebels surrounded us like dogs around a rat cage. 
 Our ammunition and rations were in short supply, and we could only be saved by trying to contact the advancing troops of General Neil's army.   
 We could only be saved.  
 The commander of our unit began to select a volunteer who was strong enough to slip out of the garrison in the dead of night and make contact with reinforcements on the plains.  
 I foolishly volunteered.  
 It was indeed a dangerous mission with a thousand brothers in danger.  
 But I had only one person in mind at the time.   
 Nancy DeVoe. My beloved, the most beautiful girl, with the breath of life between her lips.  
 To say goodbye to her was the hardest thing in the world.  
 When we exchanged our farewell tokens, what could I have imagined? 
 That it would be 30 years since we parted 
 That night, when my lover saw me about to set out across the enemy's blockade, the Bakri soldier said that no one knew him better than he did. 
 He said no one knew the terrain around the garrison better than he did.  
 I volunteered to deliver the message.  
 He volunteered to show me the best way out.  
 So after listening to him and under the cover of fire from my comrades   
 I set out.  
 Barkley told me to follow a creek and then I would reach a valley.  
 He said it was the best way down the mountain.  
 His directions were perfect, and soon I was trekking through the cold water of the creek, which had been snowed in on the Himalayas the day before.  
 I could see the lights and fires of the rebel camp, but I made my way down smoothly, avoiding their posts, to the valley.  
 Thinking I was safe.  
 Suddenly I was attacked.  
 Something hit me hard on the head, and I felt the sky spinning.
 When I woke up, I found myself tied up like a chicken and hanging from a tree.  
 My arms felt so painful, like they were twisted into twine. 
 I didn't care about the pain. What made me sad was that I had failed in my mission. 
 What would happen to the people I was trying to save?  
 But the biggest blow came later, when I heard a rebel talk and realized that I had been betrayed.  
 And that I had been betrayed by the same man who had shown me the way, Barkley, who had betrayed me in order to take possession of the girl I loved.  
 Do you now know what James Barkley is good at? Now you know what James Buckley is good at.  
 Surprisingly, General Neal's troops were already on their way to rescue Porte.  
 The rebels retreated and took me with them, and I was tormented.  
 I tried to escape, but I was mistreated again.  
 For many years I did not see a single white man.  
 My captors fled north, into the mountains, and treated me like a slave.  
 Not even a dog. Every bone in my body was broken by them.  
 There were times when I wished they had killed me, but my hatred for the man who had ruined my life inspired me with a desire to live.  
 I dreamed of taking revenge on Bakri.  
 One day some Afghan tribe killed the rebels who had captured me. 
 I was left there to die, but I miraculously survived.  
 I wanted to avenge my suffering, but Bakri was not in my hands. 
 And Nancy, I don't even know if she's dead or alive.  
 I wandered back to the Punjab to live with the locals and learn from the street magicians.  
 I learned to do magic for a living.  
 I had become a miserable cripple, and what was the point of going back to England in a ship to meet my old companions?  
 Even the thought of revenge did not make me determined to come back.  
 Let me be frank.  
 I would rather that Nancy and her companions at Maros should think... . .   Henley Wood. Wood had died a hero's death, like a hero with his backbone, than that they should see me crawl back to them like a gorilla, still alive in the world.  
 But you have come back to Aldershot, to the place where your regiment was stationed.
 Why?   I just want to see my country one more time before I die.  
 I saved every penny to buy a return ticket.  
 I didn't know the regiment was stationed in Aldershot.  
 I only thought of places where there were troops  
 I earned three meals a day by doing tricks and magic in small restaurants. 
 I had no more desire to kill Barkley, and the flame of revenge had died out after all these years, until I saw her.  
 I felt that I had to put on the British dress. 
 I looked so funny in these foreign clothes.  
 At first I just wanted to find a thick coat and didn't really look at the women who were handing out the clothes.  
 Then one of them came up to me.  
 I recognized her right away.  
 She hadn't changed a bit, she was still as beautiful as ever.  
 What was more surprising was that she... . .  
 She seemed to recognize me.  
 Good evening. Do you want me to help you?   
 Did you find any of you... ... I'm sorry.  
 I'm sorry, I thought... ... I thought...  
 Nancy, it's me. I'm Henri.  
 Don't be afraid.  
 For 30 years I thought you were gone.   
 I am dead... . I'm dead...  
 I never thought I'd see you again.  
 We talked for a while.  
 I told her about me.  
 I should never have told her that her husband was a traitor, but I couldn't hold back 30 years of hatred, and it burst out.  
 She was shocked at what I said.  
 I couldn't bear to look at it.  
 So I left, and when I saw her come out in a hurry, I followed her to her house.  
 I saw her enter the house and the light came on.  
 I saw her sitting on a chair.  
 And then he came in.  
 James, I need to talk to you.  
 - Why did you lock the door?  
 - I told you not to come back too late. I did, didn't I?  
 Were you with someone?  
 - No... No... No...   
 - You must have been with someone!  
 No.  
 Who was it?  
 You've ruined my life.  
 After all these years, after all these years.  
 How could you do this?  
 - You wicked devil!  
 - Mrs. Barkley, your tea.  
 I hate you, I hate you, I hate you, I hate you!  
 No!  
 I saw him grabbing her body and I was so angry that I was mad. 
 I could not control my feelings  
 David, your tea, Mrs.  
 David, you betrayed him.  
 No, I didn't.  
 He's still alive. I told you I saw him.  
 You're lying.  
 You're crazy.  
 I've never seen anyone look at me the way he did.  
 I saw death in his face.  
 I appeared alive like a bullet through his sinful heart.  
 Mrs. Barclay, Mrs. Barclay, open the door. 
 He fell on the fence
 He was already dead before he fell.  
 Mrs. Barclay, Mrs. Barclay, open the door!  
 I took the key from Nancy's hand and was going to open the door and ask for help.  
 But I thought I'd better get going or things would get bad for me. 
 I hurriedly threw the key in my pocket and went after Teddy, who ran out of the cage and went to bite the curtains.  
 Teddy  
 So he fell and hit the fence after he died in school?  
 He must have had a stroke from the shock.  
 Mr. Wood, if the coroner had come to the same conclusion as Mrs. Buckley.   
 Nancy would have been released without charge. 
 I don't suppose you would object to repeating your story to the police if you had to, would you?  
 What happened to Nancy, Mr. Holmes?  
 She's in the hospital.   
 She'll be fully recovered in a few days.  
 Thank you, God.  
 You're well. It's so good to see you.  
 Better, no?  
 Yes, much better.  
 There's something I don't quite understand.  
 The Colonel's name is James, and Wood's name is Henry or Harriet, and who is David anyway?  
 My good Watson, if I had been careful enough, I should have found out that the name of David had revealed the whole story, and you always thought I was very bad, didn't you?  
 But this time, my reasoning ability failed.  
 In this case, the name "Da Wei" is actually a word of blame.  
 Blame?
 Do you remember King David of Israel in Judah?  He saw Bathsheba, the wife of the general Uriah, and sent Uriah to the front to be killed so that he could have Bathsheba for himself.  
 This story can be found in the first or second book of Samuel   
 I'm afraid I've forgotten all my knowledge of the Old Testament.  
 You're right, Formosus.  
 Samuel, book 2, chapter 11, pages 14 to 17 
 Obviously, you have already looked it up after your return from Aldershot.  
 How did you know?  
 You used the bill for our meal at Waterloo as a bookmark and inserted it into the book, didn't you?  
 Mr. Li  
 I've only just entered the door, my dear Fulminator.
 Good evening, old friend.  
 I must ask you to close the game now.  
 Okay, thanks.  
 Do you know what this is like?
 It's like a roller coaster.  
 You know what I mean?
 Try to do it with me.  
 How tall is the London Eye?  
 How tall is the Big Ben?  
 Since then, I've been working as a science and technology special agent for about two years now. 
 It's great.  
 Cool... ... ... That's cool.  
 Is it like a TV reporter? Or is it . . ...  
 No, only on the Internet... ... ...  
 I do some films, but I mainly write articles about the science and technology industry.  
 Cool, technology is great. ... ...  
 Where have you been so far?   
 Did you travel around the world like Indiana Jones?  
 Trekking around, taking risks, taking risks.  
 In fact, my trip was almost finished.  
 But I flew to Sydney at first, then Thailand.  
 - I was jealous.  
 - India, yes.  
 I went to Rama... ... .  
 - I spent the whole holiday in Europe - even I didn't go that much!  
 Really?  
 It was great. 
 And then I went to Pamplona, Spain.  
 - Isn't there a bullfight there?   
 - Running with the bulls.  
 - You run with the bulls? 
 - That's right.  
 - That's why you have this wound.  
 - It's not simple.  
 You are really Indiana Jones!  
 Do you have a whip in your bag? Do you have a hat?  
 I saved the world from the Nazis.  
 That's pretty cool.  
 I was just... . I just...   I'm just trying to do something I've never done before.  
 Is that what you're doing on this trip?   To find yourself?  
 Yeah, you could say that.
 I... . .  
 Leaving my home is my purpose.  
 Yeah, it's... . ...whatever. Whatever, it's boring.  
 I'm afraid there's nothing thrilling about England.  
 It doesn't matter. It's the last stop on the trip.  
 Sadly, I'm going home next week.  
 - I don't have much time. ... .  
 - Next week?  
 - Yes, time is running out.  
 Can you suggest some fun things for me to do?  
 - Fun things to do? 
 - Yes, I do.  
 Oh, God.  
 Hello.  
 Good morning. . .  
 Another scar  
 Sort of.  
 I'm guessing you got it while shark fishing in Cape Town, man.  
 - Is that the best you can do with your American accent?   - Yeah.  
 Josh Peters' masterpiece, the high school bad boy.  
 He and I got into a fight in craft class.  
 He hit me with an iron bar or something.  
 What a jerk.  
 "What a jerk."  
 - It's not like that.   
 - Is the apology yours or mine?  
 It must be yours.  
 - "Mom", the typical American  
 - Yes, it is.  
 Aren't you going to answer it? 
 It's a little insensitive.  
 Do you want to talk to her now?  
 You want to talk to my mom?  
 - I can call her.  
 I'll leave it.  
 Are you hungry?  
 Look at all these games.  
 You're a gamer. You're good.  
 I am, of course, for work.  
 You've never been defeated by a girl in "Whirlwind"?  
 This is... ... . Is this your dating handbook?  
 What is it? The "different point"?  
 Computers have learned how to be smarter than men, just like women did years ago.  
 What I do is like a joke.  
 - Did you know that?   
- Do you?  
 - Yes, it is.  
 - That's the joke you're telling?  
 Yes, you have those here.  
 - You have those here, right?  
 - Yeah, right now.  
 That's a good joke. ... .  
 Enjoy your marmalade!  
 Oh, my God.  
 Do you really eat this stuff?  
 Oh, yeah.   
 Okay, Mom saved me.  
 The best way to stop her from calling again is to... . I don't know.  
 I don't know, take it.  
 I don't want to deal with all this right now.  
 She's worried. 
 You're her son.   
 You've been traveling, and I just think if you talk to her... ... ...  
 I'm still staying with her in Syracuse.  
 That's fine. No problem.  
 I had to take care of my dad.  
 Oh, shit. 
 He's... He's... He's...  
 No, he's dead.  
 - Oh, my God.  
 - Last year. No, it doesn't matter.  
 It's been dragging on for a while.  
 Early onset Alzheimer's.  
  It must have been hard.   
 Yeah, he's my best friend.  
 He looks at me sometimes and doesn't even know who I am.  
 My mother... My mother... My mother... I don't even... ... .  
 I don't know how to talk to her.  
 I don't have that kind of feeling   
 I don't even know how to say it.  
 That's why I left.  
 That's why I went on this trip.   
 To leave, to make memories while I still could.  
 I knew I had to talk to her. . .  
 But not on my phone, I just... . . I'll take care of it.  
 I'll take care of it when I get back, it's just... ... ...you're a good man, Cooper.  
 You're a good man, Cooper.  
 Call your mother.  
 01939.  
 No, I didn't buy sandals on Koh Samui last night because I was... . ...  
 How long will it take?  
 Because I had to buy a plane ticket back to the States.  
 Oh, my God.  
 Can I say that this is the most humiliating excuse for a second meeting in history?  
 That's awesome.  
 Yes, my God, thank you. ... Thank you...  
 Okay.  
 - Don't forget your luggage.   
- Luggage. Yeah.  
 You're awesome. I don't know what that means, but I've heard people say that you're awesome.  
 I have a plan. 
 Part-time work.  
 - For whom? 
 - It's a program.  
 You can... . . I always use it when I'm short of money  
 - Not bad - some of it is very interesting  
 "Seeking Stimulus Lovers"  
 - Looks right up your alley - good  
 Okay, £4, not bad, not bad.  
 （A little off the beaten track  
 For a certain game test, the company is called Zito. . .  
 Zito Games . ... . For  
 Superb company  
 - It's really big - isn't it?  
 Thriller game  
 Have you heard of . . .  
 What's it called? . . 
"Harlequin Spectre"?  
 Yeah, I've heard of it.  
 I used to play with my best friend, David Lowe, in his basement when we were in seventh grade.  
 That's Shoyu Saito. 
 That's his company.  
 - He's a genius. He's very creative.  
 - Well, apparently, they were working on a new project.  
 A huge investment, an unprecedented innovation.  
 But the confidentiality is perfect.  
 Maybe if I handle it right, I can get you an exclusive interview with Shongyu.  
 An exclusive interview?  
 You should take a picture.  
 Seriously, if you get any of the pictures they have planned, you'll make a lot more than £4.  
 Good idea  
 Where is this company?  
 Mr. Cooper?  
 Just call me Cooper.  
 Mr. Cooper, I'm sorry.  
 Just call me Cooper.  
 In that case, just call me Katie.  
 You're good. . Come with me.  
 - Come with me, please.  
 - I'll put the backpack here.   
- Raf will take care of it.  
 Raf will take care of it. 
 Very well.
 On the contrary, I don't want to carry it in.  
 It reminds me of the last level of the Demon King  
 Do you know that the Dragon Ascending Fist 
 - Did you have a good trip?  
 - Very well, thank you.  
 - Did you like the car that picked you up?   
 - Yes.  
 This way, please.  
 What they're looking at is... ... . 
 It's cool . . .  
 Come on.  
 I feel like I'm going to see Dumbledore.  
 I hope I get assigned to Gryffindor College.  
 Please take out your cell phone and any devices you may use to send and receive messages.  
 - Don't you think it's a little nerve-wracking?  
 - You can't be too careful.  
 Okay, here you go.  
 You're really something.  
 It's white.  
 Okay, I guess it says that I agree to donate a kidney?  
 It's actually a standard confidentiality agreement.  
 You understand that there will be minor surgery involved which is very important.  
 I'm sorry, do you need a game?  
 It is not permanent. We will not steal your kidney.
 I promise  
 It's almost as bad as having your ears pierced.  
 " Confidential Information Brain Download Game, Duration Ends . . . "  
 What about the sign-up page?  
 Where do I sign?  
 Signature  
 I've missed a page. Wait a minute.  
 Okay, I'm right here. ... Here... Wait.  
 What the hell?  
 (What the hell is a medical procedure? What ghosts?)  
 - Is everything all right?  
 - Yes, everything is fine.  
 We're developing an augmented reality system.  
 - Like a virtual reality? 
 - Like it's more real than the real world.  
 - What's that? 
  - We call it "Mushroom".  
 - The one in "Super Mario Bros"?   
- If you want to say so, it's fine.  
 - You're qualified to do that, right?   
- I haven't killed anyone yet.  
 Is that okay?  
 Okay.  
 It's done.  
 - That's it?   
 - See, I'm first class.  
 Don't worry, it's not permanent.  
 Okay.  
 Is this some kind of memory test or something?  
 - You'll see.  
 - You may feel a slight tingle when you start.  
 Okay.  
 It starts at 5:38.  
 - Are you ready?   
- Yes, sir.  
 Almost there.  
 I thought I'd shut down.  
 Done.  
 How are you feeling?  
 I feel great.  
 - Look at the target.  
 What do you see?  
 It's like... . .  
 Like a gopher in a video game  
 - Do you have more details now?   
- Yes, that's right.  
 - Now what?  
 - Damn it.  
 Damn it, it's right there. . .
 Can I touch it?  
 It's not real. 
It's some kind of psychological reflection.  
 - You can see it  
 I don't see it.  
 - You can't see it?  
 Yes... . ...  
 Okay.  
 Hit it with force.  
 Hit it with force? Yeah, yeah.  
 Okay, it's like a gopher game.  
 I've played it a million times.  
 Okay.  
 Let's start.  
 Come on up.  
 Where are you coming from?  
 Where did you go?  
 Okay, don't come up.  
 Okay, don't come up.
 It's fun. ... ... You're so cute.  
 - Okay, see you again. 
 No more?  
 - I'm afraid so  
 Is the gopher flat or three-dimensional? 
  No... ... . Stand, super stand, like . . .  
 - This is only a limited test demonstration.  
 - That's just a demonstration?  
 I think you should try the full version of the system we are developing  
 Of course the pay is higher, if you are interested  
 There are . . . I'm interested... ... ...  
 This is Shoyu Saito.  
 - You must be our newest volunteer.  
 - You're good.  
 That's great. Hello. Good. You're great.  
 I'd say the whole game was super fun.  
 Fun?
 Fun is a good thing.  
 It's good to play games. 
 It makes your heart beat faster.  
 - And there's a smile.  
 Yes, or... Yes, yes, or... ...or...  Scream (Harlequin Ghost)  
 I always like to make players jump  
 When scared 
 When they're scared, they jump.  
 - And then it feels good.  
 You glow. Why?  
 Because of the adrenaline rush  
 - Yes, that's right.  
 But mostly because you're alive.  
 You are facing the deepest fears in a safe environment.  
 It's the release of fear. It frees you.  
 Yes, that's right.   
 We're developing the most personalized survival thriller ever.  
 It's great. It scares you with your own thoughts.  
 Listen to this. . . it sounds . It's crazy.  
 I can't wait  
 - I'm uploading the scripture network envelope  
 - Scripture Web Seals . . ...  
 It may take a while to understand it's all from the 90's  
 It's a joke. It's a good name.  
 This is the most advanced intelligence software
 It learns and adapts quickly   
 Monitor your brain activity, try to find the things that scare you the most, and then adjust your experience accordingly.  
 - Are you ready?   - Okay.  
 - Let's get started. Okay, we're ready.  
 - Close your eyes.  
 - The time is now 6:17 p.m. 
 It's uploading.
 5, 4, 3, 2, 1  
 How do you feel?  
 - Feeling good
 Very normal  
 Slowly stand up  
 Are you ready to start the game?  
 Isn't this the house "Harlequin Ghost"? 
 It's part of the whole property.  
 It's actually the hunting ground keeper's house, but yes, this is the model  
 It's the same model. It's a game replica with a sweeping structure.  
 Very cool. . ...  
 What kind of game is this? What do I have to do?  
 You don't have to do anything.  
 Just stay here alone and see how long you can last until you are too scared to continue.  
 So I'm just going to stay here?   You'll get paid?  
 I'll be watching from the control room in the back.  
 There are cameras everywhere. No stealing of silver tableware.  
 There's also this.  
 - What's this? 
 - A walkie-talkie.  
 Yes, so we can stay in touch with each other all the time.  
 I can talk to you and you can hear me?
 That's great.  
 Nothing you see can hurt you.  
 It's like a gopher game.  
 That's great.  
 But if it's too intense, we can always get you out of it.  
 - Stop the experiment  
 - Okay, do you have any safety codes in mind?  
 Words that are easy to remember under pressure?  
 - What about "stop"?   
- Good choice.
 Then let's stop.  
 Okay, then let's let you enjoy the evening.  
 - Okay. - Okay.  
 - You'll hear my voice later.  
 - Make yourself at home here. 
 - Okay, not too hard.  
 Harlequin Spirit  
 Is this real? 
 Yes, it's dead. ... Kubo.  
 - Cooper.  
 - Are you okay?  
 - Can you hear me?  
 - It's clear.  
 I'm already thinking of using alcohol to strengthen my courage.  
 - But the wine doesn't contain alcohol.  
 - It sucks.  
 - We need you to stay awake.   
- Good point.  
 That's a great technique.   
 First-class woodworking.  
 - That's where it's at  
 - Amazing powers of observation  
 Everything is in order  
 - Damn it!  
 - What's wrong?  
 I just forgot I didn't have my cell phone.  
 I kept looking for it, I forgot it was not in my pocket  
 There's no TV here.  
 Welcome to the 19th century. No TV, no Internet, no Wi-Fi.  
 No wonder they're seeing dirty things.  
 Maybe it's all hallucinations.  
 This is the main theory of seeing ghosts  
 The mind can be disoriented when there is no external stimulus.  
 The less distractions we have, the more ghosts we will see.  
 It's really useful information.  
 But there are books to read.  
 It's not bad, is it?  
 God, I can't remember the last time I read a book.  
 I can't remember the last time I read a book. I thought people used to bring books to read.  
 I know, it's crazy, why?  
 - You know, I feel like I'm... I feel like... I feel like...  
 - Okay, I'm going to go retro. 
 I need to concentrate. - No good.  
 Can I just say that your heart is beating faster?  
 It should, because there's a giant spider.  
 Did you see a spider?  
 - You didn't see it?  
 - No, I didn't.  
 No. - No. ... ... Come on... . .  
 - It's killing me.   
- How can a tough guy like you be afraid of spiders?  
 I just don't like spiders.  
 The system quickly identifies you as a spider-phobe  
 It's probing your weaknesses.  
 Go to hell. Go to hell, Banzai.  
 This is much more realistic than a gopher game.  
 It's great. The video is very realistic.  
 That's good. Yeah.  
 Okay, that's not scary enough.  
 What is it?  
 It's just... ... ... Nothing... . ... It's like there's . ...  
 No, there's a light on in the... . ...  
 Can you pull the mirror over here?  
 Then you'll know what I'm talking about.  
 - Cooper.   
- Now there's... . .  
 There's a man in the window. 
 No. . . .  
 He is no longer there 
 There is no one in the window now.  
 This is... . It's...  
 Yes, it's... ... ...  
 It's just a leaky pipe.  
 I knew it. 
 It's a leaky pipe.  
 It's going to die.  
 It's time to die.  
 Good.  
 You scared me. ... What do you see?  
 - What do you see? 
  - Creepy weirdo.  
 No more... . ...  Oh, my God. Oh, my God.  
 He looks just like Josh Peters.  
 - You're Josh Peters . . ...what?  
 - What? 
  You're the Josh Peters of high school.  
 My friends at the high school  
 The system may have unearthed some of your personal memories.  
 Was Josh Peters the man you feared in high school?  
 He was a bully, I wasn't afraid. I wasn't afraid. I wasn't afraid of him...  
 I wasn't afraid of him, but he was a bully... . .  
 God, if I had just taken a few more classes in Israeli close-quarters combat, I'd be ready . . ...  
 I would have been prepared.  
 Kalima.  
 I need some wine.  
 I'll give it to you, but I don't think you'll be able to drink it.  
 I'll see you later, Peters.  
 It's a good, non-alcoholic drink.  
 I'm not an expert, but it's good stuff.  
 I've been to France.
 I lived in a vineyard and they had a wine. . .   They serve it at the festival.  
 That wine is really good, I know.  
 You're talking nonsense.  
 - What's that?  
 - Talking  
 Small talk.  
 Is that a question?  
 Some people are more talkative when they are afraid  
 It can compensate for fear  
 - It can also mask fear - can't it?  
 The same reasoning behind late night TV  
 The sound makes you feel less alone  
 Even if you're alone  
 You don't scare me, Katie.  
 It's a shame.  
 - Is there a refrigerator or something in here?  
 - There are some snacks in the cupboard.  
 All right, let's count the troops. ... You...  
 You, okay, okay, gingerbread cookies.  
 Let's see.  
 Good too. 
 This will do.  
 I'll close the door and he'll show up in the back, right?  
 Yes, that's the rule.  
 I knew it. 
 Sudden shock is no longer necessary. 
 I should have died.  
 - What's that ghost thing?  
 - What do you see?  
 That's ridiculous.  
 One... ... ...  
 It's hard to explain  
 A big spider with a human face and a mouth sticking out of the words  
 It is... . .   Peters is inside . . .  
 It's like a blend of Peters and spiders.  
 Jesus Christ, Katie, is it you or is it just my imagination?  
 I think it's your hallucination.  
 I'm super confused.   
 God, damn it!  
 Damn, you're so mean.  
 I'm sorry. Can you say that again?  
 Katie, are you there?  
 Damn it, Katie.  
 Anyway... ... . When you get on the line, just say.  
 You know I'm not scared, I'm just bored.  
 Is that you guys?  
 You want to fix your headphones? 
 This might be a good idea.  
 Damn it!  
 Get off!  
 You're in danger.  
 Sonia?  
 That's more like it.  
 It's amazing.  
 That's a nice touch.  
 I'm impressed. ... ...  
 You look so real.  
 You look like she is.  
 Awful.  
 It's just that... . . It's a shame you're not...  
 - Cooper, what are you doing?  
 - Cooper, you're in danger.  
 - Quiet. . ... I need to think  
 . you are super real . . .  
 - Cooper, you... ... ...  
 - Sonia, are you really here?  
 - Are you really here now?   
 - I am real, I am really here.  
 We must leave. 
 You must listen to me.  
 How are you here? 
 Do you remember the picture you sent me?  
 I checked it out, and apparently Shoyu Saito applied for a patent last year for a computer-brain interaction system.  
 How can you be sure?   I don't... I don't... I don't... 
 Well, damn it... ... ...  
 They brought you here.  
 You are true, they brought you here, they want to disturb me, this trick is smart . ... ...  
 I get it. 
 It's part of the test.  
 His exclusive rights were denied on the spot.   
 They said it was crazy and dangerous.  
 Is that so? How much did they pay you?  
 Really, because you were so good.  
 Cooper, did they give you anything?  
 I'm sorry. I thought you were a fake.  
 But now that I know you're real, I didn't treat you very well.  
 I have some non-alcoholic wine.  
 Maybe it will help us relax a little.  
 Cooper, what I'd like to do is... . What I'd like to do is...  
 - Let's go to the kitchen and talk.   
- Cooper.  
 Sonia, take it easy, okay?  
 Give it up. You're showing. Don't act.  
 Listen, Cooper, it's not over.   
 Five people disappeared last year.  
 They're all spectators. They're all registered with that stupid program.  
 Is that right? That's horrible.  
 No matter what they are doing to you or what they have done to you, it's dangerous.  
 It's dangerous. We really should go, Cooper.  
 Okay. - Okay. . .  
 - If what you say is true... . .  
 - Cooper.  
 - Then how did you find me?  
 - What? How did you know about this place?  
 It's a game company. I found the address.  
 Is that right?  
 No, it's not... No. ... No... How did you find me here? This place  
 I tracked you - you tracked me?  
 - Yes, with your phone's satellite positioning  
 "Find my friends" function. . . it seems logical.  
 Seems logical, but they took my phone.  
 And the place is about 1.5 kilometers away from here. ...about 1.5 kilometers from here.  
 That's a good move. Good one.  
 Stop saying that women are smarter than men. "Different" is wrong.  
 Look, all I'm saying is  
 You should be able to come up with a better story that could be funny, or . . .  
 Okay... ...good... . Don't get mad.  
 Have you ever wondered why your bank account was hacked?  
 What are you doing?  
 I copied your credit card while you were sleeping.  
 Okay, put the knife down. What are you doing with it?  
 I meant for you to find this job.  
 Sonya, will you put down the damn knife?   
 That's not funny.  
 You should have called your mother, Cooper.  
 - But you called me. I led you here.  
 - You know what? 
 - The bread crumb trail  
 Put the knife down.
 Stop it right now!  
 Okay, honestly, put the knife down, Sonia.  
 It's not funny at all.  
 Put the knife down.  
 That's not what I'm here for.  
 I'm not playing, okay?  
 Damn it.  
 What the hell?  
 - Cooper, what's going on?  
 What just happened?  
 What's wrong?
 We've been on the phone the whole time.  
 - You haven't answered.  
 - You said I wouldn't feel anything.  
 What do you see? 
 What's in there?  
 - Damn it, she's gone. 
 - Who didn't?  
 Oh, God, I feel it.  
 A knife in my arm.  
 - Into my shoulder.  
 - Cooper, who's been there?  
 - Damn it, Sonia.   
 - Who?  
 Sonya, she's the girl I know, the one who deserves to die. ... She stabbed me.
 She stabbed me.   
- She took a knife.   
- Nothing can hurt you, Cooper.  
 - No... . ...she's real. She's real.  
 - No, she can't be.  
 She's not... . ... I was stabbed. 
 I know  
 that nothing you see can hurt you or touch you.  
 This is purely an audio-visual effect  
 - There is no physical sensation.  
 - Damn it, it's there.  
 - Cooper, you must be calm.   
- I know, because I feel it, you know?  
 I feel her arm, it's hot, I feel her stab me in the shoulder.  
 - This can't be.  
 - It's not possible, Cooper. 
 - It's possible. It's impossible. ...  
 Physical perception should not occur  
 - Except for . . .   - God, what?
 Except for what?   I don't know. 
 I don't know, the Internet might find some way to replicate the physical experience  
 - But this is the first time.   
 - My goodness, do you know? End the game.  
 I'm getting out. Get me out of here now. 
  Stop... ... ... Safety code 
 Damn it! Stop!  
 - Okay... . ... Let's take care of it.   
- Oh, my God.  
 No, I'm getting out of this shit right now.  
 Cooper, don't try to take it out yourself.  
 Self-extraction is extremely dangerous.  
 Stop, it could kill you! 
 Stay calm.  
 Is it Kaito?  
 Is it Saito?
 What did he say? ... ...  
 We'll start to unwind  
 Good news.  
 We want you to follow the instructions to reach the meeting point.  
 A meeting point?
 That's great. 
 Where's the damn rendezvous point?  
 - Damn, there are still stairs?
 Bato.  
 - One more floor and we're there.  
 - Believe me  
 Turn left at the top.  
 - Okay, which door?  
 - The room at the bottom.  
 What's wrong?  
 There must be something behind the door, I feel it.  
 - It looks like... ... What is it?  
 - What does it look like?   Some of the worst memories one can have  
 Like is... . I don't know. I don't know, but I feel like it's digging into my brain.  
 Cooper, open the door.  
 It must be my mother. I don't know, dead.  
 - Your mother?  
 - Hanging on the boom, swinging.   
- Your mother's not in there.  
 It's not like you can control it.  
 It's in my head, it knows everything. ... ...  
 - It knows.  
 - What does it know?  
 It knows that I have a problem with my mother.  
 Cooper, I assure you she's not in there.  
 - Now go open the door.  
 This is the only way I can get you out of this.   
 Listen to me. - Okay. ... ... 
 Damn it!  
 Nothing in there can hurt you.  
 But I can't get you out of here until you open the door, Cooper.  
 - Will you open the door, please?  
 - Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on.  
 Come on. ... . I'm in the room. 
 Where is the meeting point?  
 Where is the meeting point?  
 - There is no meeting point.   
 - What?  
 I'm playing with you, Cooper.  
 I just wanted to see if you'd get enough of a hard time from us to follow our instructions without question.  
 - Looks like it worked.  
 - No... . No...   Katie, Bato... . ... Let me out of here.  
 Katie, let me out, Bato, what the hell?  
 What are you going to do? 
 What are you doing to me?  
 - Why are you doing this?  
 - You thought you'd see your mother.  
 - You should die.   
- What does she look like?  
 Your mother, can you describe her?  
 What was her hair color?  
 Is she tall, short, fat, thin?  
 Where did you grow up?  
 Which band do you like best? 
 What's your favorite flavor of ice cream?  
 What is the name of the girl who stabbed you?  
 You don't know any of these things, do you?  
 Don't you think it's strange?  
 - It's taking away my memory.   
- Strictly speaking, it's remodeling.  
 - Damn it - look at the mirror behind you!  
 Do you recognize yourself?  
 Do you know who you are looking at?  
 Soon you will be nothing.   
 You'll be just like your father.  
 - Shut up. ... ...  
 - That's what you're afraid of, isn't it?  
 - You're following in his footsteps.  
 Shut up. . ...  
 - You're not going anywhere.  
 - Shut up. . .  
 You should have called your mother. 
 She is all you have  
 - You abandoned her.   
 Get out of my head  
 You'll never see your mother again.  
 You're going nowhere. You're forgotten.  
 You deserve it. You should have called her and gotten out of my head right away.  
 Cooper, I'm going to shut down, okay?   
 I just need to connect.  
 Where am I?  
 Who are you?  
 I can't stop it.  
 I don't know who I am. 
 That's why I'm going home  
 The information in this profile spreads like roots 
 They are rooted deeper than expected  
 It penetrated the brain and took over the whole area. I couldn't stop it.  
 I can't take it out, and I can't stop it.  
 But I don't know who I am.  
 I don't know who I am  
 I don't know who I am  
 On behalf of the KITTY TOURISM team, I would like to extend my deepest apologies to you.  
 Who are you?
 What have you done to me?  
 - What have you done to me?   
- Put him with the others  
 Just for a second  
 He's either hyper-sensitive to the system or the software is overpowering.  
 In 5 milliseconds, it jumped from 0 to 180,000.  
 This experience was stronger than expected, Mr. Cooper.  
 I hope you'll forgive us.  
 All luggage is in the front seat. 
 Now, please turn off and secure all electronic devices as they may interfere with the flight and communication systems.  
 Mom?  
 I have to call him.  
 Why is Cooper leaving?  
 - I... I ... I...  
 - Mom, I'm here.  
 - I'm right here, Mom.  
 - I had to call Cooper.  
 I have to call him to make sure he's okay.  
 I have to call him. . ...  
