 There is a gentleman downstairs. . .  
 Let him wait, Mrs. Hudson.   
 He is very anxious  
 Slowly, slowly.  
 I must apologise.  
 I'm a bit overworked.  
 I'm a doctor, sir. I ask you to relax and wait until you have eaten.  
 Thank you, thank you.  
 If I could have a biscuit and a glass of milk  
 I'm sure I'll be fine soon.  
 Mrs Hudson is cooking something now.  
 Please... . Please... Please forgive my weakness.  
 I really must... . .  
 Mr. Fulmus  
 At your service Master of Fine Arts
 Doctor of Philosophy  
 Rector of the Seminary Public School  
 It is not every day that Dr. Huxtable  
 It's not every day that a famous fallen man like you lies on the carpet in front of my fireplace.  
 I would like to guess what kind of wind has brought you here.  
 So I took the liberty of searching you, hoping that you would forgive me.  
 Oh, yes, yes, of course.  
 Please sit  
 Your watch  
 For at least thirty years, every second of it was suddenly scratched this morning.  
 It happened when you thoughtlessly shoved those coins hard into your vest pocket.  
 A lifelong habit is put behind you  
 Maybe it's just a small incident, but I think in a way it looks like a trembling needle  
 Perhaps it is a sign of an earthquake, and the way your beard is stubbled means that your daily habits have been severely affected.  
 It's been three days, hasn't it?  
 Yes, sir.  
 Yes, sir, Mr. Formosus, I beg you to come with me at once north to Macleodon.  
 It is a matter of great importance.  
 Oh, I'm sorry.  
 Mr. Watson and I are both extremely busy at the moment.  
 I myself am busy with the Ferrell Papers.  
 And Dr. Watson tells me that the recent epidemic of scarlet fever has kept him busy.  
 And, of course, there is the Abel Cavanagh murder case coming up for trial.  
 Only the most important issues can keep us away from  
 Is it "important", sir?  
 Did you say "major"?  
 You must have heard of the Duke of Hednes?  
 The former Minister of the Cabinet?  
 Not only this Watson.  
 He has so many titles that he takes up almost half of the alphabet.  
 One of the king's greatest subjects, Hi Dr. Huxtable?  
 The greatest and one of the richest.  
 I am proud to say that he is also my neighbour.  
 Hudneth House - his country house is just across the river valley from the Abbey College  
 The Duke was a very isolated man  
 He was afraid that the public would ask questions, but he was so worried about the matter that he was willing to offer £5,000 and an additional £1,000 to see the matter resolved, in the hope that the villains would be caught.  
 That's how important it was.  
 What a reward, Dr. Huxtable.  
 But you haven't come to the case yet.  
 Oh, I beg your pardon.  
 The Duke's only son, Lord Saltire, has been kidnapped!  
 Tied up in the convent college?  
 Yes, he was.  
 Under your care?  
 Did the kidnapping take place three days ago?  
 Last Saturday night.  
 What took you so long to come to me?  
 The Duke was very worried that his family's misfortune would be made public.  
 The Duke asked the police to be discreet - so they . . So they .  
 - I understand  
 I understand that this was a mishandling of the situation  
 I also feel that I admit to some misconduct  
 How was the ransom offered?  
 There was no ransom demand.  
 No ransom was demanded?  
 No.  
 This is one of the most puzzling aspects of the incident, because the boy did not run away alone.  
 Mr. Heidegger, our German teacher, was also missing.  
 By the way, his bicycle has actually disappeared too.  
 If he kidnapped the boy, why hasn't he received any ransom demand so far?  
 Heidegger had come from Switzerland with the best recommendation.  
 Are there any other bicycles missing?  
 Oh, no.  
 Are you sure?  
 Yes, Mr. Evelyn checked all the bicycles.  
 Dr. Huxtable, do you mean to say that the German teacher rode off in the middle of the night with this boy in his arms?  
 No.  
 What do you think about this?  
 Maybe the bicycle is just a cover  
 Maybe he hid the bike somewhere and the two walked away.  
 There's no doubt that he could have hidden a few bikes if he wanted to give people that impression.  
 I think so.  
 Of course he could have done that. Dr. Huxtable's argument about "cover-up" doesn't hold water.  
 But it is a good start for the investigation.  
 Watson, can you call a carriage immediately?  
 Now, Formosus?  
 Everybody, pack your bags.  
 We still have enough time to catch the night train from Simpangas.  
 Dr. Huxtable, I'm going to do some research at your place.  
 Perhaps there are still some traces that an old hound like me and Watson could pick up.  
 I suppose it must be a great honour for you to have Lord Saltire at your school?  
 Mr. Holmes, that was the first time that the book  
 It was the proudest moment for me after the publication of Huckstab's Views on Horace, which was a great success at the time.  
 You may have heard that  
 No, I haven't.  
 How old is the boy?  
 Nine years old.  
 How long has he been at your school?  
 The winter school year started right away.  
 An unusual boy seems to be adapting well.  
 He, uh... . What's wrong?  
 What's wrong?  
 What I'm trying to say is that he wasn't very happy at home.  
 The Duke's married life has not been a quiet one.  
 Last year, his marriage ended in separation by mutual consent.  
 The Duchess returned to Venice to live in her father's house.  
 What do you know about the Duke's marriage?  
 Is it a matter of common knowledge?  
 I have spoken to Mr. Wilder in private several times. He is the Duke's secretary.  
 He can be very helpful.  
 I suppose you have established that the boy did not go to Italy to return to his mother?  
 Oh, yes.  
 Yes, I can't say. . . Mr. Formosus . . .   - My Sense of Relief . . .  
 - Watson? !  
 - Here you go!   - Here you go, sir.  
 Mrs. Hudson, how did you guess?  
 Experience has taught us, Mr. Holmes.  
 The doctor and the doctor were able to eat as much as they liked in the car.  
 The air in the wilderness is so invigorating that I may even find myself with a better appetite for a few days.  
 I think it is only right that I should say that the British Monastic College is the preferred preparatory school for everyone.  
 Lord Laverstoke, Earl of Blackwater, Cascade. Lord Somers  
 Both sent their sons to me  
 You cannot see Hednes House from here, but you can see it very well from the tower of the chapel.  
 I'll start with the boy's room.  
 Did his father write this?  
 He arrived in the morning of the day he disappeared.  
 Did he receive any letters from Italy?  
 Not recently.  
 Where is the letter from his father now?  
 I can't find it.  
 The letter should have been with the boy when he was tied up.  
 Who lives in the next room?  
 - I'm sorry you don't have to be polite - I dare say I know this kind of family  
 I dare say I know the kind of family that can sleep through lightning and thunder  
 He won't, sir.  
 Is that true?   Why?  
 There was a rat who was asleep in the wall panel.  
 It woke us both up, sir. Sometimes, sir.  
 A rat?  
 Then any sound coming from Lord Saltire's room... . .  
 Well, the door squeaked, sir.  
 We can always hear the door.  
 Did you hear anything on the night of his disappearance?  
 Nothing, sir.  
 Not even a sob.  
 Crying?  
 Yes, sir.  
 He sometimes cried, sir.  
 Sometimes he  
 Thank you, children.  
 Did you find anything on the ground?  
 No.  
 The traces are gone.  
 Headmistress!  
 Headmaster!  
 The Duke of Holdernesse is here, sir.  
 Thank you, Mr. Evelyn.   
 Mr. Holmes?  
 Yes.  
 The Duke is waiting, Mr. Formosus.  
 It's no use saying that.  
 My lord the Duke.  
 Mr. Wilder.  
 I telephoned you yesterday, Dr. Huxtable. 
 But it's too late to stop you from going to London.  
 The Duke was surprised, Dr. Huxtable. 
 I had no idea that you would invite Mr. Holmes to investigate without first seeking his Lordship's advice.  
 Well, I think there is nothing more the police can do. . .  
 . the police, of course . . ...   . is by no means powerless  
 Yes, but Mr. Wilder . . ...  
 You must have noticed how anxious Dr. Huxtable was to avoid public gossip.  
 He wanted as few people as possible to know about it.  
 I am very sorry, Mr. Wilder.  
 This is an easy matter to remedy  
 Mr. Holmes can take the morning train back to London.  
 Absolutely not. Absolutely not.  
 I love the fresh air in the north of you.  
 I intend to spend at least a few days on your moors.  
 Who knows, if I can't find anything else, I might at least find Mr. Hedger's bicycle.  
 This is no small matter, Mr. Fulmus.  
 I'm glad you don't think that way, sir.  
 Mr. Formosus, if there is something in your words.  
 I'm afraid I don't understand.  
 Your only son has disappeared  
 Your hopes, your future and your noble family are threatened with destruction.  
 What you mean is... . ...? I would like to ask you.  
 I would like to ask you, sir, what is your son's life, or his reputation, more important than prudence?  
 What is prudence worth?  
 But perhaps the answer is, what is it without the continuity of honour?  
 I believe, however, that you are to a large extent still the right Mr. Formosus.  
 If you are referring to my restriction of police action, perhaps I have exerted too much influence on them.  
 I have a morbid fear of public attention.  
 James, since Mr. Holmes is here, we would be foolish not to ask his help.  
 Mr. Formosus?  
 My lord?  
 Perhaps you would like to come and stay with us at Hedeneth House?  
 Thank you, my lord, but I think it would be wiser for me to remain at the scene of the suspicion for the purpose of investigation.  
 At your leisure.  
 Mr. Wilder or myself will provide you with any assistance you may require.  
 May I ask if you have your own views on the mysterious disappearance of your son?  
 No, Mr. No.  
 He is a good boy, Mr. Formosus.  
 How long has he been in your class?  
 Since the day he came here.  
 Does he talk a lot about his family?  
 Does he talk about it a lot?  
 I think he misses his mother and his father's behaviour has made him resentful.  
 Did he ever talk about the separation of the Duke and the Duchess?  
 No.  
 There is something mysterious about it.  
 The boy insists that they are very much in love with each other.  
 Don't you think he was comforting himself?  
 No, he's a very honest boy.  
 Oh, but his family is not so honest.  
 Someone told me they were members of the Hellfire Club.  
 I don't suppose you know what time Mr Hedger returned to his room on the night of his disappearance?  
 No, not really. But it was quite late.  
 After eleven o'clock, I think.  
 He was the teacher on duty that night.  
 I think he knew how to ride a bike, didn't he?  
 Yes. Oh, yes.  
 Did Lord Saltire ever ride with him?  
 No, he hasn't learned to keep his balance yet.  
 I don't suppose you happen to know the brand of Mr. Hedger's bicycle tyres, do you?  
 Of course you do.  
 A lovely bicycle from Bremen.  
 You know, the ones with the stripes on the tread.  
 Yes, I know.  
 Thank you, thank you.  
 You've been a great help.  
 You're welcome, Mr. Fulmus.  
 Dinner's at 8:00.  
 I'm sorry.  
 Formosus?  
 I'm getting to like this case, Watson.  
 There are a few things in this case that are really interesting  
 Look at this map  
 There are certain geological features that are of great relevance to our investigation  
 The black square here is the convent public school  
 This is a road with no turn-offs for a mile on either side.  
 To the north of the school the ground rises slowly  
 To the south is a large area of cultivated land with a number of high walls and hedges.  
 Impossible for a rider to cross  
 Oh, and what did you find in Oakburn?  
 The police have received reports from all over the area of seeing a man and boy together.  
 They concluded their investigation of the area early this morning.  
 What are the results?  
 Nothing  
 The characteristics of the subjects reported did not match either the boy or the German teacher.  
 Very good  
 The large number of incorrect sightings, Watson, reinforced my suspicion that I was right.  
 I don't think they took the main road  
 They must have been right to look in the middle of nowhere.  
 I don't think they took the main road at all.  
 But what about bicycles?  
 Good riders don't need good roads, Watson.  
 The wilderness was divided by the paths into chunks  
 I remember the night of the full moon  
 The man we're looking for is just to the north.  
 You did a good job, Watson.  
 You'll be pleased to hear that dinner will be served soon, but there's one more thing I need to clarify.  
 Mr. Heidegger's room.  
 Just ten minutes.  
 Dr. Holmes is working on the origins of the Hedonist family.  
 Like many old families, their history is not a very clean one.  
 Isn't it, Doctor?  
 Well, don't be over-sensitive. They were just cattle rustlers.  
 Very brave, resourceful and daring, but their first wealth came from other people's cattle.  
 Formosus even told me that Hedeneth had been given the name of Madman of the Club of Hellfire.  
 What's the matter with you, Dr. Huxtable?  
 Nothing.  
 Obviously something is going on.  
 I think I was expecting too much.  
 After all, it's a part-time job.  
 Tell me your expectations.  
 I don't expect miracles  
 I don't think I'm a person who expects miracles. ... ...but you have nothing.   ...but you haven't seen anything  
 From the time we left London until now, not a single thing has happened.  
 Although this is not really true  
 You have found two things that are not true.  
 One is a filthy rumour and the other a slanderous imagination of the origin of my great patron's family.  
 Mr. Formosus, I did not hire you here to smear the name of the House of Hudneth.  
 Calm down, Doctor.  
 In fact, we have already discovered  
 I can tell you in detail what happened in this school on that fateful night  
 And of the actions of your excellent and faithful German teacher  
 Was Heidegger faithful?  
 What do you mean, Mr. Heidegger?  
 Mr. Heidegger went to his room after eleven o'clock to rest.  
 He was the teacher on duty that night.  
 Now my friend and colleague, Dr. Watson, will be copying his actions.  
 Heidegger had two more hours on duty that night and had worked hard all day.  
 Determined to give himself a break, he took off his coat  
 Then he went to the cupboard by the door and poured himself a glass of sherry.  
 He needed a drink to cope with the task ahead of him.  
 He took the wax candle and sat down at the table to correct 22 books of work which included not only grammar exercises but also a lengthy essay.  
 You know what I'm going to say, Dr. Huxtable.   
 If he hadn't been doing something else   
 His wax candle would have been extinguished just after midnight.  
 The candles were in the cupboard by the door.  
 He got up from the table to get the other candle, but it was dark and he couldn't find it.   
 So he went to the window and opened the curtains to get a better view by the moonlight.  
 On the roof of the tower opposite the gate the boy was waiting for the moon to fade and he knew that no one would see him escape.  
 Mr. Heidegger watched as the boy scurried over the ridge to a pre-arranged meeting at the river.  
 He sensed that what was happening was of great importance  
 Heidegger ran towards the door and knocked over the rest of his sherry glass.  
 I understand  
 Thank you, thank you.  
 It seems I was wrong about you.  
 It wasn't wise of him to go after the boy.  
 I don't think he's going to live or die.  
 Forgive me, Mr. Formosus.  
 You mean... . I hope not.  
 I hope not, but if my reasoning is correct, I must indeed worry about him.  
 What about the boy?  
 The clue to the matter, Dr.  
 It's out there.  
 On the other side of the bridge of Dover  
 The pitiful beast  
 The ravens  
 They have tarnished their own reputation, so we assume that the boy was taken away on horseback, right?  
 That's right.  
 Otherwise, Hedger would not have needed a cart to chase him.  
 But we only found the footprints of cattle, ah, Formosus.  
 Formosus?   Formos?  
 A rut, Watson!  
 A rut.  
 Is it a bicycle?  
 Of course it's a bicycle, but it's not that bicycle.  
 I am familiar with 42 different tyre marks on bicycles  
 This one is a Dunlop tyre with a patch on the outside.  
 Hedger's tyres are Palmer.  
 These aren't Hedger's ruts. Whose are they?  
 Whose is it?  
 Watson!  
 These are Palmer's wheel marks. Heidegger walked this road.  
 It's so unusual.  
 The Dunlop ruts stretch for 150 yards   
 The ruts of the Dunlop car were suddenly gone after 150 yards, while the Palmer wheel marks were clear enough to lead to these rocks, but they were gone too.  
 And there is no sign of a horse anywhere.  
 Watson, you have a wonderful eye for the obvious.  
 I should have brought some lunch.  
 What was Mr. Heidegger chasing on his cart, anyway?  
 The cows?  
 They couldn't have tied the boys to the bull's back, could they?  
 All the footprints of the horses have been erased  
 It is obvious that two bicycles have disappeared.  
 Impossible  
 It's impossible because we've got it wrong.   
 So in one way we must have got it wrong  
 At the other end of the moor there is a sign for a hostel  
 There is a sign for a hostel on the other side of the moors.  
 Yes, if we follow this route, we'll come to the inn.  
 Well, I'd like to go there and try my luck.  
 I'm hungry.  
 Formos?  
 Lunch, of course, my dear friend. You should be starving.  
 Now look at the map.  
 You will see a hotel three miles away in this direction.  
 If we're going to face the Duke of Holdernesse next, we'll have to eat something.  
 Nothing?  
 Nothing. I must tell the Lord.  
 Nothing?  
 Nothing  
 I am sorry  
 I'm sorry  
 Locked up  
 These wrought images are crude but expressive  
 Mr. Reuben Hayes? Mr. Hayes?  
 How did you know my name?  
 It's printed on the door.  
 We're looking for something to eat.  
 Would you?  
 We'd be grateful if you could get us something to eat.  
 Wouldn't you?  
 Yes.  
 You'll have to ask the woman.  
 You'll have to ask that woman, that disgusting family man.  
 If we have to go all the way back to Hednes House this afternoon   
 Then let's hire some horses.  
 What do you think?  
 How far do you want to ride them?  
 To the Duke's house and then come back and I'll say you know the way, don't you?  
 I've been there for 15 years.  
 Well, you can ride them.  
 I said, "Mr. Hayes, you've hurt yourself, haven't you?  
 It's all right.  
 I'm a doctor, sir, and I can assure you that it's all right.  
 You should have a doctor look at it.  
 How did you get hurt?  
 One of my dogs did it.  
 Those are scratch wounds.  
 What's wrong?  
 Well, a closer look will show how well they are separated.  
 What kind of animal could have made such a scratch?  
 Maybe it's the descendant of the "Champion Jack" (the male on the sign).  
 Cockfighting has been banned by law for 50 years  
 The law has banned many things  
 What's the law in a place like this?  
 Oh, that's great, Mrs. Hayes. Thank you.  
 What's that you're cooking?  
 Blood pudding (a kind of salami), sugar and cereal.  
 What is it, Watson?  
 It's disgusting, Formos.  
 The woman . . .   What is she more afraid of than her husband?  
 The successive deceptions  
 What is she trying to hide?  
 Deceit?  
 Oh, Watson.  
 My horse is lame.  
 It's strange.  
 The horseshoes are old and the nails are new  
 Gentlemen  
 The Great One now wants to see you  
 Oh, Mr. Wilder  
 Mr. Formosus, Mr. Watson, the doctor, welcome to Hednes House.  
 The great man will be here shortly.  
 We have high hopes for your talents, Mr. Holmes.  
 Have you brought any news?  
 There is only one thing I need to know.  
 What is it, Mr. Formosus?  
 This is a matter of great concern to the Duke.  
 As your lordship's personal secretary, perhaps I can be of some assistance.  
 I think the lord wrote a letter to his son on the day of the incident  
 Not the day before it happened  
 Yes, but the letter arrived on the day of the incident.  
 Yes, most likely.  
 Is it possible that there was something in the letter that caused the boy to run away?  
 Oh, I don't think so.  
 Whatever it was, if he was going to run away, he was going to run away back here.  
 Or to his mother's in Italy?  
 No, sir.  
 Even if the Germans had instigated him, Lord Saltire would have realised  
 He is an intelligent and practical boy.  
 But he cries in his sleep  
 Did the man send his letters himself?   Grown-ups don't have the habit of sending letters.  
 I put the letter on the desk with the other letters myself.  
 Only one other person had access to the mail, and that was Reeve, who was responsible for delivering the daily mail to the delivery room.  
 Are you sure that letter was among them?  
 Oh, yes.  
 I noticed that. What did you find out, Mr. Formosus?  
 What is the progress of your investigation?  
 Do you intend to disappoint me?  
 I want to make the adults happier and me richer.  
 What did you find out?  
 There are some questions that need to be clarified.  
 I think a prior engagement lured the boy out of school and I suspect that his mother was used as bait.  
 The German teacher found out that he had left and went after him.  
 We had to work hard to find his bicycle ruts on the moor  
 It was like all the tracks. . ...   . someone had deliberately erased . . .  
 Mr. Formosus?  
 A certain man who drove the cattle  
 Do you know the herd on the moor . . .  
 What happened to the cattle?  
 I hope you haven't seen the cattle.  
 The weather in our highlands is not suitable for cattle grazing in the wild in winter.  
 They'll have to wait at least two weeks before they can leave their pens.  
 Then I've been blind!  
 Thank you, sir.  
 Old hoof iron, new palm nails!  
 Old hoof, new palm!  
 Formosus, you should see this one!  
 It's really impressive!   The hoof-prints of horses nailed to the palms of cattle!  
 Have you seen the horseshoes?  
 I saw that the men who took Lord Saltire nailed their horses with different horseshoes to keep them from being tracked.  
 Reuben Haisley Ruben Haisley uses a piece of local history  
 Oh, no, Watson. Oh, no.  
 The bald eagle in the north shows the way  
 The German teacher  
 Look what's left of his corpse!  
 Good for you!  
 Good for you!   You are good!  
 Skin and blood  
 Only a microscope can tell if this is human.  
 This is undoubtedly the same as the scratch marks on Hayes' neck.  
 Oh yes, what was the cause of death?  
 Strangulation.  
 The throat was shattered.  
 The shepherd may carry a letter to the convent public to tell them the unhappy news.  
 We had to move forward, Watson.  
 I was only a step away!  
 In that bar, it was like a child trying to guess the answer to a riddle!  
 But with every step I took, I turned my back on the clues again.  
 How could I know where to put the body!  
 It's all over, Arthur.  
 Reuben Hayes Hess  
 Let's hope it's not too late  
 The Dunlop tyres still have patches on them.  
 What's going on here, Mrs. Hayes?  
 I'm glad that your disapproval of this was due to coercion.  
 Someone has picked up the boy.  
 The Duke's secretary, Mr. Wilder?  
 Which way did they go?  
 Across the moor?  
 Up Chesterfield Road, their hiding place.  
 Bravo, Mrs. Hayes!  
 I must marry the Duke of Warners' man, Watson.  
 You are now the boy's guardian angel.  
 I see the lord's cheque book on the table.  
 I would be very grateful if you would give me a cheque for six thousand pounds.  
 It would have been nice if you had crossed it (crossed cheque: by bank transfer only)  
 The Oxford Street branch of the Town and Country Bank is my agent.  
 It is not in my nature, Mr. Holmes, to appreciate this caustic jest, though it obviously amuses you.  
 I'm sorry, but I don't understand how James, who is Mr. Wilder, could have been involved.  
 How could James be involved in this affair and you have no proof of it?  
 But I do have evidence, and it's hard evidence.  
 The mud on the horseshoes in your display case is still wet.  
 Why do you doubt my word?  
 You seem to be confused.  
 Your interests will be destroyed by your insanity  
 The portraits in the Great Hall show you and your father when you were young.  
 Both have distinctive family traits  
 How long has Mr. Wilder been working for you?  
 What do you mean by that?  
 How dare you!  
 You don't understand!  
 You are a rude and insolent man!  
 You will never . . ...   Please leave now!  
 I will not... . .  
 I . ... .  
 Then my suspicions are correct  
 Mr. James Wilder is your son. Mr. Wilder is your son  
 When I was very young, Mr. Formosus  
 I fell in love with a love that, for once in my life  
 I asked that woman to marry me, but she refused me on the grounds that such a union would ruin my career.  
 If she had lived, I would never have married anyone else, but she died.  
 But she died and left behind a child, James, whom I raised and nurtured for her sake.  
 I cannot openly acknowledge our paternity, but in all other respects I treat him as my own son.  
 He has asked me many times for my fatherly forgiveness . . .   . but without his assurances, and I have forgiven  
 again  
 Too many times  
 Oh, my lord, you have done your best for Mr. Wilder.  
 You must have realised that he was indifferent to your words.  
 He conspired to kidnap Lord Saltire.  
 No matter how thoughtlessly he did it  
 He is, after all, an accomplice to murder and he must be found!   Before he attempts to commit a more serious crime  
 He must be found!   Before you lose the only son you have left!  
 Reeve?  
 You will organise a search of the moors.  
 along the west side of the forest from the monastery to the pavilion  
 Call all the people of the house and leave no one behind.  
 You will search for my son, Lord Saltire.  
 If you find Mr. Wilder, do keep him and bring him back to me.  
 Wilder intercepted your letter and wrote another note, replacing it with the letter in it, to deceive your son into believing he would see his mother.  
 The murderer, Hayes, is his paid accomplice, but the police have been informed.  
 Hayes is not going to escape.  
 Watson?  
 I followed them to the moors, but they were gone.  
 I searched the whole area, but it was as if the earth had swallowed them up.  
 I looked up your family history.  
 I seem to remember mention of a huge limestone cave for stolen cattle.  
 The Cathedral!  
 Come on!  
 Quickly!  
 Give him to me!  
 No!   You won't get him!  
 - Father!   - Come on, Father!  
 Father!  
 Father!  
 James!  
 I loved Francesca not with a boyish fervour but with a manly love.  
 My marriage to her has aroused James's jealousy.  
 In his body I could see his mother's face and manner  
 James knew that he could prevent me from loving my wife  
 Even though he treated Arthur mercilessly  
 I couldn't just throw him away for that.  
 So instead, I sent Arthur away  
 What did he want to achieve by kidnapping his own brother?  
 Money?  
 Legal status?  
 And power.  
 Power over me  
 He was pleased to be able to override me, knowing that I had refused to give him the power.  
 But did you ever suspect that he was the master behind the bondage?  
 In my gloomiest moments I have thought  
 Yet somehow I still wanted to save him.  
 Well, it was like a long atonement.  
 The only hope I have is that Francesca will forgive me.  
 Thank you, Mr. Formosus.  
 My lord... . ...  
 This is a king's ransom (the cheque is very large)  
 You have given me back my future  
 The Bohemian Scandal  
 Got you!  
 You see the truth. . .  
 But it's the husband!  
 Go and close the window.  
 Sherlock Holmes Sherlock Holmes always referred to her as "the girl". Adler  
 In the case of Irene Adler At the beginning of Irene Adler's case  
 Formos and I had been living together in Baker Street for several years.  
 I was out of the country on a medical trip and stayed for a few days before returning.  
 As a rule, after a few days away from Formossi  
 I had to get used to his eccentric temper again.  
 Oh!  
 Oh, hello, Mrs. Hudson.   
 Dr. Watson, look at you, you're almost wet!  
 Yes, that's all right.   
 I was standing in the rain for 20 minutes waiting for a carriage.   
 It's not good for your old wounds, Doctor.  
 I know.   
 Leave your coat and hat to me, and I'll dry them for you.   
 Mrs. Hudson, I haven't eaten anything all day.  
 It would be nice if dinner could be brought up soon.  
 Oh, I don't know what's happened to Mr. Holmes, but it's like he's on gunpowder.  
 I can't bring the supper until he calls me.  
 That's his order.  
 Thank you, Mrs. Hudson.  
 My dear Fulmars.  
 What was the injection this evening?   Morphine or cocaine?  
 I can strongly recommend a 7% solution of cocaine.  
 Do you want to try it?  
 I don't want to try it!  
 What I'm about to say is not only from the standpoint of a friend, but also from the standpoint of a doctor.  
 How can you ruin your exceptional talent for the sake of a moment of pleasure? I can't tell you!  
 I can't tell you how it makes my brain clear and excited.  
 Yes, but it also destroys your brain!  
 If I have nothing else to do, my brain will rebel.  
 Give me problems, give me work, give me the deepest codes, the most complicated analyses, so that I feel most comfortable.  
 so that I don't need artificial stimulation  
 I detest a life that is so uneventful  
 I want to be mentally stimulated  
 That's why I chose this particular profession... or rather, I created it... after all, I am the only person in the world who does this kind of work.  
 The only private detective?  
 The only private investigator  
 I don't take credit for it.  
 The pleasure of the work itself, which enables me to exercise my special powers, is my supreme reward.  
 You can close that drawer now.  
 You've got the wrong idea, doctor!  
 Here's what excites me  
 I hope your time abroad is going well.  
 It's good for your appetite.  
 Speaking of which, I do wish you'd order dinner.  
 What's this?  
 Yes, I'll have to get ready for the guests.  
 It was delivered this morning.  
 Tell me what you think.  
 There's no date, no signature and no address.  
 Very well, you read it aloud.  
 "Dear Mr. Formosus"  
 "I shall visit you at 7.30 p.m. this evening. . ... "  
 God, there are only a few more minutes left, Formosus.  
 Continue with  
 "I have a matter of the greatest importance to discuss with your Excellency.  
 "Your Excellency has lately been a great advocate for the European Crown" "and has entrusted it to your Excellency. . . " . . . The unspeakable . . . "  
 " . . . . can be relied upon " " such a reputation is enjoyed everywhere " " do not leave the house at that time "  
 True . . . It's a very mysterious thing.  
 What do you think it means?  
 I have no facts to substantiate it.   
 It's not a good idea to speculate before that.  
 Well...  
 But can you deduce anything from the words themselves?  
 It's probably the handwriting of one of the pioneers.   
 Very good.  
 He probably had a lot of money.  
 The paper must have been very expensive.  
 The paper is exceptionally strong and sturdy  
 It's particularly the two words  
 It's not even a piece of British paper  
 You hold it up to the light and look at it  
 Ah, a capital E, a small g, a capital P and a G, and a small t, all intertwined.  
 Do you know what it means?  
 The maker's stamp  
 Yes, Watson!  
 Come on!  
 Let's ask about this dictionary of continental names.  
 Here's a cigar for you. You see, I didn't mean to miss you when you came back.  
 Oh, Fulmars!  
 Would you like a whisky?   Later, maybe with dinner.  
 This is the stamp of a pale gesture, which is German for "paper mill".  
 As for E g . . . E g l o w . . ... This is a German-speaking region of Bohemia known for its glassworks and paper mills.  
 This is a German-speaking region of Bohemia known for its glassworks and paper mills.  
 It was the Germans who wrote the note  
 Only the Germans would use verbs like "such a reputation" and "renowned" in such a way.  
 The guest who was to arrive was a German from Bohemia  
 He arrived in a canopied carriage drawn by two horses  
 In this case, Watson, if nothing else, there was at least money to be made.  
 I think your trustees would like me to leave.  
 If so, doctor, you stay here!  
 I would not know what to do without my own Boswell (Boswell: assistant to Samuel Johnson, the English writer). Samuel Johnson's assistant)  
 But he seems to want to keep it secret.  
 I might need your help. He might do the same.  
 You just sit here in this armchair and listen to us talk.  
 He's here.  
 I'm sorry, sir, but you mustn't barge in like that!  
 Mr. Formosus does not accept any unscheduled visits!  
 Oh, I'm sorry, Mr. Formosus!  
 I can't stop him!  
 It's all right, Mrs. Hudson!  
 - Please, go downstairs.  
 - Bring it to the door - of course  
 Of course. Thank you.  
 Did you get the note I wrote?  
 Yes, please sit down!  
 This is my friend and colleague, Dr. Watson, who helps me with my cases all the time!  
 Please, sir.  
 May I ask what I should call you?  
 You may call me Count von Kramer. I am a Bohemian nobleman.  
 I would prefer to talk to you alone.  
 Either we talk together or we don't  
 You can talk to me about anything you like before this gentleman.  
 Well, then I'll take your word for it that he is a prudent man to be trusted.  
 But first I have to promise you both absolute confidentiality for two years.  
 Is that right?  
 After two years, it doesn't matter.  
 For the moment it is so important that it may affect the whole course of European history.  
 I promise to comply.  
 So do I.  
 You don't care about this mask, do you?  
 The nobleman who sent me here does not wish you to know who he sent.  
 I confess that what I have just said is not my true name.  
 This I know.  
 The situation is very delicate and we must take every precaution to prevent it from becoming a major scandal.  
 To avoid a major blow to a European royal family, which frankly would involve the great Ormstane family, we must take all precautions.  
 The hereditary kings of Bohemia, as I know. . ... Your Majesty  
 You are right... . .  
 I am the king.  
 Why should I hide it?  
 Well, is it true?  
 I knew before His Majesty said anything that I was to talk to  
 Wilhelm Guthrie. Guthrie. Sigmundur. Von Ormstein  
 Grand Duke Cassel, hereditary king of Bohemia.  
 You are still the best duelist in Europe  
 You have already killed four opponents!  
 Fairness and Justice  
 Of course  
 To put it simply, here's the thing  
 Ha!  
 About ten years ago, during a long visit to Warsaw  
 I met the famous female adventurer  
 Irene Adler Irene Adler.  
 No doubt you are familiar with this name.  
 I would be grateful if you could look her up in your search, Watson.  
 My assumption, then, is that Your Majesty has had some involvement with this woman, that you have written her several letters that would involve yourself, and that you are now anxious to get those letters back.  
 Nothing wrong with that.  
 How did you know?  
 Italy . ... ...Italy...  
 Ah, Adler... ... . Eileen . . . Born 1858 in New Jersey  
 Is this the right person?   New Jersey, let's see.  
 The singer-bass who was the first female singer at the Petersburg and Warsaw opera houses has retired from the opera stage and now lives in London.  
 Occasionally appearing as a guest at concerts, it is she who  
 Ever been secretly married to her?  
 No. Is there no legal documentation or proof?  
 No.  
 Then I don't understand, Your Majesty.  
 If this young woman wanted to use the letters for blackmail or other purposes, how could she prove that they were genuine?  
 My handwriting  
 Pooh!   Forged  
 My own personal letterhead  
 Stolen.  
 My own seal, forged  
 My photograph  
 Bought  
 We're both in that picture  
 Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God.  
 Well, that's bad.  
 Your Majesty's life is truly indiscreet.  
 She was so beautiful and charming and smart and brave.  
 I was only a crown prince at the time.  
 I was still young!  
 Now I am not more than thirty years old  
 Has His Majesty ever tried to take back that picture?  
 I have tried, but I have failed.  
 Your Majesty must pay for it.  
 Buy the picture. She must not sell it.  
 Then steal it.  
 We've tried five times.  
 Twice I've paid a thief to search her room.  
 Once we switched her luggage while she was travelling.  
 On two other occasions we robbed her on the road  
 But nothing came of it.  
 You dare to laugh at me? How dare you laugh at me?  
 This is a very serious matter!  
 Yes, very serious, indeed.  
 What is she going to do with the photo? She doesn't want money.  
 To destroy me.  
 How?  
 I'm about to get married.  
 I've heard.  
 I'm going to be married to Corotilde. Rosamund. The second daughter of the King of Scandinavia, Lord von Saxe-Meiningen.  
 A very good marriage  
 Yes, you may be aware of their strict family rules  
 She herself is a very sensitive person.  
 If there is even the slightest suspicion of my behaviour, the marriage will come to an end.  
 What about Irene Adler? What about Irene Adler?  
 Threatened to send them the pictures.  
 And she would have done so.  
 Her personality was as strong as steel.  
 She had the face of the most beautiful woman and the heart of the strongest man.  
 She would have done anything for me to marry another woman!  
 Why, my lord, is she so persistent?  
 Oh, we were talking about getting married.  
 Ha!   She does not understand that this is impossible!  
 Are you sure she hasn't sent the pictures?  
 I'm sure.  
 Why?   Maybe they're on their way now.  
 Because she said she was going to send them on the day of the announcement of the marriage.  
 That's next Monday.  
 But I have to leave London on Friday to go back and prepare for the ceremony.  
 Oh, so we've got three days.  
 That's lucky, because I've got other things on my mind at the moment.  
 Where is Your Majesty staying in London for the time being?  
 The Langham Hotel is called by the name of Count von Kramer, remember?  
 So, of course   
 What about the cost?  
 There are £300 in gold and £700 in banknotes.  
 Eileen Adler's place Where is Miss Adler's address?   Good evening, Your Majesty.  
 I'm sure I'll be able to bring you good news soon.  
 We can go to Romano's for dinner, but there are only three days left until Friday.  
 Oh, it has to be done on Friday.  
 That's when Tchaikovsky himself will be playing his compositions in St James's Hall.  
 You can't miss it!  
 Must be done on Friday  
 Dear Watson, I'd like to be left alone to think  
 Are you hungry?  
 Yes.   
 Mrs Hudson will be happy to send you a sandwich.  
 A sandwich?   We'll talk tomorrow afternoon.  
 Good evening.  
 It's easier than doing it, isn't it, mate?  
 What?  
 It's not a practice.  
 I can always switch with you if you want.  
 What do you do?  
 First class groom for eight weeks.  
 Is that right?  
 If you want, you can give me a hand.  
 I see you're quite honest, why not?  
 Why not? On the contrary, you have to pay the family for the liquor.  
 You're the one who wants to earn the money.  
 Go and saddle up your horse and let's see how you are.  
 I spent a few hours with the horsemen.  
 Eileen Adler. Sister Adler had all the men in the area at her feet.  
 She was the most beautiful woman in the world, so they say at the Serpentine stables.  
 She lived a quiet life, leaving at five o'clock every afternoon and returning home for dinner at seven o'clock.  
 She lives in seclusion except when she's singing.  
 She has only one man with whom she has a close relationship  
 He came to see her at least once, often twice a day.  
 He lived in Godfrey, Temple City. Mr. Norton  
 You've got a good deal with the coachman, you see?  
 Mr. Godfrey Norton Mr. Norton is a lawyer. That's important.  
 Maybe it's not so good.  
 Why does he keep coming to see her?  
 Was she his client, friend or mistress?   If she was a client  
 she has probably given him the photos for safekeeping  
 If she was a mistress, the gentleman probably didn't know anything about it.  
 She began to sing  
 Her voice was ethereal and moving, Watson.   
 Then a series of surprising things happened, first a man came, a man I thought was Mr. Godfrey Norton. A man I thought was Mr. Godfrey Norton.  
 I'll be right back.  
 Go and get a carriage for your master.  
 Go out immediately  
 To St. Monica's Church, Edgware Road.  
 Be there at least five minutes before 12 o'clock.  
 That's 20 minutes or less, and half a gold coin for doing so.  
 She is indeed a beautiful woman, Watson, with a look that would make a man fall in love with her.  
 A look to make a man fall in love. . .   I have never heard you describe any man like that, Formosus.  
 I was only speaking metaphorically, Watson, nothing more.  
 I was going to catch up with the carriage and jump into the back of it, when another one came.  
 The driver looked at my poor appearance, but I jumped in before he could refuse, showed him a handful of gold coins and promised him a reward if he could get to St. Monica's in 20 minutes.  
 I don't think I've ever ridden in a carriage so fast.  
 But the other two arrived first.  
 Listen, I'm very, very sorry, Mr. Norton, but it's me... . .  
 My lord, it's almost noon.  
 If it's any later, it won't work.  
 I could have got a nasty clergyman, but I didn't think it necessary to let them know, so I sent them off for a drink.  
 Oh, my God!  
 Gowrie!  
 You're you, come on, brother!  
 Yes, it's you!  
 A few more minutes and it'll be illegal!  
 Come on, brother, come on!  
 Take this and do as he says!  
 You'll get your money.  
 Ah, there's a witness!  
 The ceremony can continue.  
 Dearly beloved, we are here before God to witness the sacrament of the marriage of this man and this woman, a marriage of great importance, which was instituted by God at the beginning of the world, alluding to the mystery of the union of Christ and the Church.  
 You have convinced me.  
 You have convinced me. Now allow me to convince you too.  
 I will see you again tomorrow  
 Tomorrow morning  
 I love you  
 John 
 Hey, you!  
 Come here, brother.  
 Come on... . ... Come on!  
 Let me come, Goughley  
 I want to thank you, sir, for being there when we needed you.  
 It was my luck that you were always there.  
 On the contrary, I have nothing urgent to do, my husband.  
 I hope you will be able to accept this  
 No need to tip me at all, husband.  
 Oh, sir, how about making it a small token of appreciation?  
 She gave me a pound of gold.  
 That's it.  
 What a totally unexpected thing to do!  
 I'm going to put it on my watch chain to commemorate the occasion.  
 So, what happens now?  
 At the time of the ceremony  
 I thought my plan was dead  
 If the pair were to leave here immediately, I would have to take the quickest and most forceful measures.  
 But by the time we left the church, he had taken a bus back to Temple and she had gone back to her place, which gave me plenty of time to make arrangements.  
 What do you say?  
 I need your courage and tact, Doctor, to help me.  
 I'm happy to do it!  
 Aren't you afraid of breaking the law?  
 Not at all.  
 Not a bit? Not even in case of arrest?  
 I'm not afraid for the sake of a noble cause.  
 Oh, it couldn't be more noble.  
 Then I am your man.  
 That's good.  
 And now... . . The question now is... . .  
 You've dressed up very well, Sherlock Holmes!  
 The question at hand is where to find the photograph.  
 The place has been stolen twice.  
 She's smart enough not to steal it.  
 She's a wonderful girl.  
 Those people must have searched it thoroughly.  
 But they don't know how to find it!  
 And how do you find them?  
 I don't even look.  
 What should I do?  
 I want her to show me the photos.  
 But she won't do it.  
 She has no choice.  
 Ah, we're almost there.  
 Let's just walk the rest of the way.  
 You know what to do  
 You raise your hand and I'll move.  
 Ten minutes later, we meet at the designated place.  
 She's coming!  
 That's not possible.  
 I came first.  
 I opened the door, husband.  
 It's not him, it's not me!  
 You two, get out of the way!  
 Let me go!  
 Opening doors for women is a legal way to make a living, Mr.  
 You can't leave us without money, can you?  
 Let me through!  
 Let me go! Let go of my horse!  
 How dare you take food out of my mouth!  
 I'll give you back a mouthful, you bastard!  
 Oh, no, no, no, no more, please, please, please, please, please!  
 I will protect you, my husband!  
 Stop! You! You! Stop!  
 Back off!  
 Look what you've done!  
 He's dead!  
 Run, man, why don't you wait for the police to come and get you!  
 He's still breathing, but he's been beaten up pretty badly.  
 I'm so sorry for my husband.  
 You've done a good job, John.  
 Is he badly hurt?  
 It's a superficial wound, but we need to get it fixed.  
 You can't leave him lying in the street.  
 Let's get him into the house.  
 All right, sir.  
 Oh, you're awake.  
 Thank goodness you're a brave man.  
 Come on, Willot.  
 No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.  
 Let me take care of this friend who has come to the rescue.  
 Sir, look at me.  
 Oh, it will frighten the husband.  
 My very brave and beloved friend.  
 No, no, no, I won't allow myself to do that.  
 Thank you.  
 Give me a piece of gauze  
 Just as you said.  
 I'm relieved to see that you're not badly hurt.  
 Well, it's really quite superficial, and the concussion is nothing.  
 That's odd.  
 What is it, my husband?  
 What's with all the people gathered here all of a sudden?  
 The hobos are in cahoots, sir, and have agreed to rob you.  
 So many people for a small handbag.  
 Oh no, dear friends, there's not enough money in here for them to share.  
 I've been to many places and seen many poor people, even convict husbands, and the way they look at them is not curious but frightening.  
 Oh, I'm sorry. I feel a little dizzy.  
 Air, fresh air!  
 Willrott, open the window!  
 Get another glass of water.   
 Do you smell salt?  
 Madam, madam, I smell a fire somewhere.  
 What is it?   
 Fire, fire, fire!  
 Fire, fire, fire!  
 Is there a fire?  
 Come out with me!  
 I'll take care of the old man!  
 I can't breathe!  
 It's a fake!  
 It's a false alarm, look!  
 This is a prank. ... ...   Shout at them, shout at them!  
 It's a fire!  
 It's a false alarm, did you hear me?  
 No need to call the fire alarm!  
 What's this?  
 It's a plumber's smoke grenade, Mrs. I have a congregation who are plumbers.  
 He said that if you light it and throw it into the pipe, you can see where the pipe is cracked.  
 No, no, no, no.  
 The smoke will disperse automatically  
 You said it was a prank  
 Who would do such a thing to me?  
 The gang members.  
 But why?  
 I've already run away.  
 For revenge.  
 Revenge?  
 Is there such an evil person?  
 Are there people in this world who see revenge as their reward?  
 I can't imagine that kind of reasoning  
 I am sure you cannot imagine a husband either.  
 I feel much better now.  
 I have to go now. Oh, please stay and have something to eat.  
 Well, there's a congregation waiting for me.  
 Then let my carriage take you away?  
 Oh, no, no, no, no, the fresh air will make me better. At least tell me your name and address, and I'll thank you.  
 I am but a humble servant in the service of my lord.  
 Good evening.  
 Good evening.  
 You've done a wonderful job, Doctor.  
 Have you got that picture yet?  
 Not yet, but I know where it is.  
 How did you find it?  
 She showed it to me. I said she'd do it.  
 The problem is that she still has it.  
 You may have lost your chance to get it, Holmes.  
 No, I didn't.  
 I'm going to visit her in the morning.  
 You're going to look for her?  
 In my own right, and call the King.  
 The King? !  
 And you, Watson!  
 You must be a witness.  
 I trust you'll sleep well tonight, Formosus.  
 The best cure for insomnia is crime solving.  
 Good night, Mr. Sherlock. Mr. Formosus, Watson... . ...
 And Formos?  
 But she could not have loved him.  
 I wish she had loved him. Why?   
 Because it would save His Majesty from fear of future trouble.  
 If this woman loves her husband, she does not love His Majesty.   
 If she does not love his Majesty, why should she be involved in his life's work?  
 I think it was Mr. Sherlock Holmes. Mr. Sherlock Formosus, I presume?  
 I am Formosus.  
 My mistress tells me you will most likely come.   
 This morning she went away with her husband, and they took the 5:15 train from Charing Cross to the continent.  
 Has she left England?  
 Never again, sir.  
 It's all over now!  
 Look and tell!  
 Not this picture!   
 Forrest, it's another picture!  
 Do you hear that, I say? !  
 Give me the letter.  
 This is for me.  
 "Dear Schrock. You have certainly done a splendid job, Mr. Formosus."  
 "You had me completely fooled.  
 "I had no doubts at all until I heard someone shouting fire.  
 "They said that if the king wanted to hire a scout, it would be you.  
 "It must be you" "But even so"  
 "You still made me reveal secrets you wanted to know, even when I saw so many people in the street.  
 "I still could not believe that such a kindly old pastor could have evil intentions.  
 "But you know"  
 "I am a well-trained actress myself.  
 "I am not a stranger to male costumes, yes, I followed you to your door, to be sure.  
 "You are the famous Mr. Sherlock Holmes. I therefore took the liberty of greeting you with a good evening.  
 "and then went to my husband's in Temple.  
 "We were married in secret, so that we would not be forced to leave the king's house to avoid him.  
 "Your presence was the signal for our separation.  
 "It is a terrible thing to be watched by a rival like you.  
 "That's why the place will be empty by the time you come tomorrow.  
 "As for the photograph, your client can rest assured.  
 "I love someone far better than him and he loves me too.  
 "The King is at liberty to . . . "  
 "The King can do as he pleases" "and not worry about what trouble he may get from the one he has wronged"  
 "I keep that picture for my own protection, as I keep a weapon for the future, by whatever means he may be able to spare me."  
 There is also the following text  
 "I keep another picture which I think he would like to keep" "To my beloved Mr. Serock Formosus Mr. Sherlock Holmes" " Irene Norton . Mr. Eileen Norton. To Irene Norton Adler.  
 What a remarkable woman!  
 What an admirable queen she would have made!  
 What a shame not to grow old with her!  
 From what I have seen of this woman  
 It is indeed difficult for her to grow old with a man like you, Your Majesty, and it is a pity that I have not been able to fulfil the mission entrusted to me by Your Majesty.  
 To be the first to love each other  
 There could not have been a happier ending  
 I know she meant what she said  
 The picture is now as safe as if it had been burnt to the ground.  
 I'm so glad to hear His Majesty say that.  
 I am truly grateful to you. Please tell me what I can do to repay you.  
 This ring finger?  
 I feel that Your Majesty has another item  
 I think there is something more valuable than this ring.  
 This picture, Eileen's picture?  
 Of course, if you want it.   
 Thank you, Your Majesty, then I wish you a very happy morning.  
 This is how the Kingdom of Bohemia came to be involved in a great scandal and the best plan of Serock Formosus. The best of Sherlock Holmes' plans  
 How a woman's wisdom failed her, and he used to laugh at her for her long hair and short wisdom.  
 But I haven't heard him say that lately, and when he mentioned Irene Adler or that woman, he said, "I don't know. or the woman.  
 He always used the term "the girl". In his eyes, she was the best of the girls.  
 This does not mean that he had a similar love for Irene Adler. It does not mean that he felt anything like love for Irene Adler.  
 He saw women from a morbid point of view.  
 He saw them not as motives for crime but as clues to solving crimes, but he still kept her pictures locked away.  
 In his hazy memory there was only one woman he could not forget, and that was the beautiful Irene Adler. Adelaide  
 This is the home of the Count and Countess Moka.   
 Thank goodness she's back!  
 She's out of the carriage.  
 Come on, Ryder.   
 Hurry up!  
 It's done. It's fixed. It should be fixed.  
 The Countess is disgusted to see the plumber hanging around her house.  
 All right, don't worry, I've fixed it.  
 I'll do as you say. I'll speed things up and do them quickly.  
 It's so beautiful!  
 The Countess's, eh?  
 Just for dating. ... Let's go.  
 Let's go, man. We can go.  
 Just put it aside.  
 For all three of you  
 Thank you, Madame, for a happy Christmas.  
 Order me a cup of tea, Chusak.  
 Yes, ma'am.  
 I need a cup of tea to refresh myself.  
 The preparations for Christmas Eve are a real chore.  
 You're right, my husband.  
 And then a bath afterwards.  
 Husband  
 The blue stone The blue stone has been stolen  
 Open your eyes and see  
 Oh, John, she'll love it. It's so beautiful.  
 Just like her mum.  
 But can we afford it?  
 I told you I've made a little money lately.  
 Even if I didn't, it's Christmas.  
 How thoughtful of you, John Horner. How lucky I am.  
 With my wife and children by my side  
 I'm lucky to have a wife and a son  
 What do you say to this boat for our son?   Let's do it  
 You can't wait to sell it, Horner?  
 What do you mean?   I didn't do anything. What do you mean?  
 John Frederic Horner.  
 For stealing the valuable property of Count and Mrs. Moka  
 You were arrested for stealing the valuable  
 You were arrested for stealing the valuable sapphire of Count Mocca's wife. . I didn't steal it.   I didn't steal it. I really didn't steal it.  
 Someone saw the people in your hotel.  
 It was you, Sheriff, who described it. I didn't steal it. Believe me.  
 Let me go. I didn't steal it.  
 Oh...  
 Mr. Formosus?  
 Mr. Formosus?  
 Mr. Peterson, the keeper of the Abbots. . .  
 He wants to see you. Don't bother me.  
 Oh...  
 Mr. Formosus apologizes for disturbing you.  
 Peterson, put the goose down. There's your hat.   
 You've bought a fat goose, and I'd love to have a fat goose for Christmas dinner.  
 But that's the problem, Mr. Formosus.  
 The goose is not mine.  
 You might say I got it.  
"For Mrs. Henri Baker".   
 Obviously it is not your hat.   
 Of course not, sir.  
 I don't know what to do in this particular case.  
 It was a bit of a fuss to call the police.  
 So I spoke to my wife about it and she suggested I come and see you.  
 Your wife is very wise. Sit down, my dear friend.  
 Tell me about the special circumstances.  
 Well, here's the thing.  
 I was on my way home last night from a little party that I attend every year.  
 I was on my way home last night from a small gathering of a few of us janitors at this time of year. . ...  
 exchanging holiday wishes   
 That's right.  
 Happy Holidays  
 Yours sincerely, Mr. Killing  
 To your good health  
 As I said before, I was on my way home when  
 I was on my way home when something unexpected happened.  
 Hey, what are you doing?   Hey, it's the police. . ...   Everybody, run! Run! Run!  
 Run!  
 I'm trying to help you, old man.  
 The hooligans are all running in one direction.  
 I tried to stop him, but he obviously thought I was a magistrate and wanted to arrest him for breaking glass.  
 To arrest him for breaking the glass  
 So you have taken two trophies, this old felt hat  
 I am anxious to return them to their rightful owner, Mr. Formosus.  
 But I don't know where to start, dear Peterson, I understand your predicament.  
 Whatever, I said.  
 My wife and I have conferred and decided to take these two things  
 I don't know if this little thing will interest you, Mr. Formosus, a man of your particular profession.  
 I hope I have not wasted your time, Mr. Formosus.  
 All right, watchman.  
 Have you bought your own goose yet?   
 Not yet.   
 Then I suggest you take the goose home to fulfil its ultimate destiny.  
 And I'll keep the old felt hat of an unseen prophet who has lost his Christmas meal.   
 Listen to your Mr. Formosus, then, so be it.  
 It may be cold, but there are signs that it is time to eat it, and there is no need to keep it.   
 Well, I'm not going to be rude, Mr. Formosus.  
 I'll contact you as soon as there's any progress.  
 Yes, sir.   
 Well, I wish you a happy holiday.  
 And to you and your wife.  
 You still haven't found the stone.   
 No, no husband.  
 But we've caught the thief. It's Horner.   
 What about the clues to the stone?  
 We deduce  
 He had an accomplice, perhaps more than one. What does that mean?  
 The husband and the plot of the novel are exactly the opposite.  
 Thieves have no credibility, and when they see money, they put it out of their minds.  
 Well, yes.  
 Why would I offer a bounty?  
 In my experience, it's been quite effective.  
 I've found that a bounty can bring out the greedy thief.   
 Did it?   
 I'd be surprised if no one came to claim the reward in 24 hours.  
 How much is the reward?  
 How much is the reward?   Oh, there you are.  
 The Count and Countess of Morcar are offering a reward of £1,000 for the discovery of the blue stone.   
 Inspector Brazentry, District B, is in charge of the case.  
 He has arrested John Horner, a 36-year-old plumber, who has pleaded his innocence vigorously.  
 As the circumstantial evidence was conclusive, the case was referred back to the Court of First Instance.   
 Horner fainted in the heat of the proceedings and was carried out of the courtroom during his final statement.   
 I'm sorry you were busy.  
 I'm sorry you're busy. I've disturbed your cap research.  
 No, it was a completely worthless thing.  
 But there are a few issues related to it that are not so frivolous and even instructive   
 I think this hat may seem like a commonplace item, but it's about something life-threatening, a clue that will help you unravel a mystery, warn against evil and punish evil.  
 No, no, no, no, no, this is just one of the many strange little things that happen to a population of 400,000 people packed into a small area of a few square miles.  
 So what do you see in this raggedy hat?   
 You've always understood my methods.  
 What do you deduce about the personality of the man who wears such a special felt hat?  
 What did you deduce?   It was sent to me with a fat goose, Watson.  
 On the left leg of the fat goose was a small card reading "For Mrs. Henry Baker".  
 Apart from this abbreviation  
 H. B. B.   I can't see any other message except that the abbreviation H.B. is assumed to mean "Henry Baker".   
 On the contrary, Watson, you can see everything, but you do not draw inferences from what you see.   
 You have too little confidence in your ability to draw inferences.  
 You tell me what inference you have made from this hat?   
 This is a learned man. It is obvious at a glance.   
 And he has been well off for the last three years.  
 Though he was poor, he used to be far-sighted, but now he is less so than before, and with the decline of his family, he must have taken up vices, perhaps alcoholism.  
 I fear this is the reason why his wife no longer loves him.   
 My beloved Formosus  
 But he still had the last of his pride. He lived in seclusion, completely untrained.   
 A middle-aged man with grey hair, recently cut and lemon cream on his hair.   
 And there's no way he has a kerosene lamp in his house.  
 You must be joking.  
 It's not a joke at all.  
 I don't doubt that I'm slow.  
 For example, how do you deduce that he is knowledgeable?  
 It's a question of capacity.  
 A man with a brain that big must have a lot of stuff in his head.  
 What about the middle class?  
 The flat-brimmed, curly-brimmed hat  
 It was very popular three years ago, Watson. It's a quality hat.  
 Look at the silk band and the luxurious lining.  
 If he could afford such an expensive hat three years ago  
 If he could afford such an expensive hat three years ago, and has not bought a new one since, then he is clearly out of fashion.  
 This means that he had the foresight to sell a hat without an elastic band.  
 So it was made by him, which shows his foresight.  
 He's done it in such a way as to prevent the cap from being blown away by the wind.   
 But you can see he's broken the elastic and he doesn't want to take the time to order a new one, which means he's depressed.   
 Hmm.  
 And there are a few other things   
 He's a middle-aged man.  
 His hair is grey.   
 Recently had a haircut.
 He had lemon balm on his head.   
 All of this can be deduced from an examination of the underside of the cap lining.  
 The wet stains suggest that he sweats a lot, so he is not a hard-worker.  
 Then he... . . his wife. His wife, he just said she doesn't love him anymore.   
 This hat hasn't been brushed for weeks.  
 If I see a man whose hat has been gathering dust for weeks and whose wife is ignoring it  
 I fear he has unfortunately lost the love of his wife  
 He may be a bachelor too   
 No, he wants to give his wife a goose as a gift.  
 Don't forget the card tied to the goose's leg.  
 You'll always find an answer  
 Wait a minute.  
 How did you deduce that he didn't have a kerosene lamp at home?   
 A drop of candle oil, or two, perhaps occasionally.   
 But Watson, when I saw that there were more than five drops, I knew he couldn't have gotten any candle oil from the kerosene lamp.  
 Are you satisfied?  
 You've got a good head on your shoulders.  
 The goose, Mr. Formosus. The goose.  
 What is it? Is it alive again?   And fluttered its wings and flew out of the kitchen window?  
 No, sir, look!  
 What did my wife find in the crop?  
 My God, Petersham, this is indeed a secret treasure. Do you know what it is?   A diamond. A jewel.  
 You cut glass with it like you cut putty.  
 This is not an ordinary stone  
 It is that precious stone  
 The blue jewel from the theft at the World Heritage Museum  
 It's true  
 The reward of £100,000 was less than 1/2 of the market value of the blue stone  
 £100,000, for God's sake!  
 You must admit, Watson, that the message I deduced from the cap  
 The importance of the message I deduced from the cap has increased dramatically.  
 The problem we have to solve now is to make sense of the events that took place between the theft of the stone and the discovery of the goose's shivering bag.  
 The sequence of events during this period  
 It was the stone, the stone from the goose, the goose from Mr. Henry Baker.  
 He wore a tattered felt hat and had other characteristics  
 What we need to do now is to find this man and find out what role he played in this mysterious affair.  
 I have found a goose and a black felt hat at the corner of Gooch Street.  
 Mr. Henry Baker will collect them from Room 221B, Baker Street, at 6.30 p.m. It is simple and clear.  
 Yes, but will he see it?   Of course, he'll be looking for the evening paper. It's a heavy loss for a poor man.  
 Petersen sent it to an advertising agency  
 Peterson sent it to the advertising agency and put it in all the evening papers.  
 The Globe, The Star, The Pomeroy, St. James's Palace, The Echo, The Evening News, The Standard and all the other papers you can think of.  
 Go and do it now, sir.  
 What about the jewel?  
 I'll keep the stone for now.  
 Thank you, Pedersen.  
 Thank you, Peterson.  
 Will you buy me a goose on your way back?  
 Give him the money, Watson.  
 I must buy Mr. Henry Baker a goose to replace the one your family will be enjoying.  
 Yes, thank you, sir.  
 £10,000?   
 What are you going to do with this jewel?  
 I'm going to put it in my display case.  
 Horner  
 The Countess is very angry with me. You may be locked up, but she is more concerned about the stone's fate.  
 I have never taken a jewel, Sheriff. ... Where did you hide it?  
 Where did you hide it?  
 Maybe I can help you plead with the judge.  
 But if you don't know what you're doing.  
 I've been quiet ever since I married Jerry.  
 If you don't tell the truth.  
 When the judge finds out about your past.  
 I'm afraid you'll never see your lovely wife again.  
 I've got you, Horner, but I need the jewel more.  
 It's such a beautiful stone. Look at it. It's so shiny.   
 And yet it's the root of sin, as every precious stone is.  
 They are bait for the devil's pleasure  
 On the larger and older stones, each cut represents a cruel sin.  
 It was discovered by the river at Xiamen in southern China  
 Its peculiarity lies in the fact that, apart from being blue, it possesses all the characteristics of a red gem.   
 This stone was found less than 20 years ago  
 Although it has only been in circulation for a short time, it already has an embarrassing history  
 Two murders, a sulphur disfigurement, a suicide and several robberies have been attributed to this forty-valley crystalline carbon.   
 Who would have thought that such a beautiful ornament would be the supplier of criminals to the gallows and prisons?  
 Come in.  
 You are Mr. Henri Baker, aren't you?  
 Please sit near the fireplace.  
 It's a cold day. I think your blood circulation must be better in summer than in winter.   
 Sit down, please.  
 This is my good friend and partner, Dr. Watson.   
 Good for you, Mr. Baker.  
 Mr. Baker  
 Is this your hat?  
 Yes, this is indeed my hat.  
 Thank you, Mr. Baker.   
 I wanted to put up a search notice, but I'm not as broke as I used to be.  
 I thought those rascals who attacked me had taken the hat and the goose.  
 I thought there was no point in spending more money for something I couldn't get back 
 I can understand that, of course.  
 By the way, we had to eat that goose of yours.  
 It's eaten.   
 If we hadn't done that, the goose would really have been unpalatable.  
 But we bought another goose and it's on the sideboard.  
 I think it's about the same weight as your goose, and it's very tender.   
 Oh, of course.  
 Of course, we still have the feathers, legs, crop, etc., of the original goose, if you want to  
 I don't see how my goose's bits and pieces would be of any use to me other than as a souvenir of my adventures.   
 If you don't mind  
 I . . . I think it's me I'm concerned about - I'm going to focus my attention on the fat goose I saw in your pantry. 
 Where did you buy that goose?   
 I'm very interested in raising poultry, and I rarely see such a nice fat goose.   
 So I'm very interested in the details of the goose you bought.   
 It was the club that gave my husband a goose club.  
 A goose club?   To be more specific  
 I... . I am not a rich man. I'm not a rich man, as you can see, sir.  
 I live a poor but dignified life, let's put it this way, I work at the British Museum.   
 Doing research?   
 Sort of. I also help people with their research.  
 I've read a lot of books.   
 I left the museum early that day and left the museum in the afternoon.  
 I finished my personal business and went to the Alpha Hotel, where some of my colleagues from the museum used to go.  
 I've been going there a lot, and this year our wonderful owner  
 Mr. Wendy Gatt started a goose club, and considering the few pence we pay to the club each week, we got a goose on Christmas Day.   
 A fine, fat goose, as promised by your Mr. Baker.  
 It's a rare, fat goose, old man.  
 Now you can get back together with your wife, can't you?  
 I'm afraid she's still a little unhappy with me.  
 I'm sure everything will improve when I get another lucrative job.  
 Oh, it must be an academic job.   
 I've got a future.  
 Here's the eight pence I owe you from last time.  
 Mr. Baker's "overnight riches"?   I happened to meet a sympathetic acquaintance.  
 A sympathetic acquaintance.  
 I sold him a few of my books.  
 Not your books, Mr. Baker.  
 It was a matter of necessity, Mr. Wendy Gatte, and this winter has been more difficult than ever.   
 We cannot give up what we love, and we should cherish what we marry.  
 Put this token of goodwill aside for a moment while I relieve the pressure.  
 So give me a large whisky and a pint of your best beer.  
 Christmas cheer  
 Christmas cheer, Mr. Baker  
 On my way home  
 I was attacked by a group of ruffians I thought they had stolen my goose  
 And I lost my hat in the scuffle  
 I . . I ... I remember that a uniformed police officer appeared on the scene and we all ran away.  
 Of course we can understand that.   
 Under the circumstances, well...   
 A good result is a good result.  
 I thank you very much for your trouble, sir.  
 I think this Sugerland hat  
 I don't think it's appropriate for my age or my status.  
 Happy holidays, sir.   
 You too, sir.  
 Thank you. Thank you.  
 Oh, by the way, do you have a kerosene lamp at home?  
 No, of course not. Merry Christmas.  
 And a happy Christmas to you both.  
 Well, that's the end of Mr. Henry Baker's business.  
 He obviously knows nothing about the jewel, Mrs Hudson.  
 Watson, are you hungry?  
 No, I'm very hungry.   
 That's good.  
 Mrs. Hudson, let's change our dinner to a midnight snack.  
 We're going to get it while it's hot.  
 Can it be hotter than a midnight snack?  
 Good evening, gentlemen. It's a cold night.  
 Yes, indeed, old man.  
 What would you like to drink?  
 Beer, Watson?   What?   Oh, yes.  
 Two of your best beers.  
 Just a moment, sir.  
 If your beer is as good as your goose, then it's the best beer.  
 My goose?  
 We were just talking to Mr. Henley Baker, a member of your goose club, half an hour ago.  
 Well, that's true, but the geese aren't ours.  
 Whose are they then?  
 I bought 24 of them from a trader in Covent Garden.  
 What was his name?  
 Breckenridge, a supplier. He always has good stuff.  
 If you want to buy a goose  
 If you want to buy a goose, I can go to him right away, and as you know, it's the busiest time of the year.  
 Thank you for the suggestion.  
 Can I have another beer?  
 God bless you, sir.  
 Go to Breckenridge now.  
 Do you have to go now?  
 Watson, we're following a lead that the police have overlooked, a lead that by chance has fallen into our hands.  
 We've got to follow the trail to the end, no matter what it takes.  
 Don't cry.  
 I'd like to believe you, John, for real.  
 But I can't argue with what the police said.   
 But they only said they arrested me because I was there that day.   
 I was only there to do odd jobs.  
 Is that really true?  
 I promised you when we got married  
 I would never lie to you  
 I've always kept my promise.  
 I want to believe you too  
 Good evening.  
 Good evening.  
 Looks like you've sold out of geese.  
 Do you have 50 of them for sale tomorrow morning?  
 It's late. There are still some in the stall with the kerosene lamp on.  
 But someone introduced me to you.  
 Who?  
 The old man at the Alpha Tavern.  
 Yes, he bought 24 of them from me.  
 Those are some nice geese.   
 Can I know where you got them from?  
 All right, sir.  
 What do you mean, exactly?  
 Tell me what you want to say.   
 I've made it very clear.  
 I just want to know who supplied the geese you sold to Alpha's shop.  
 I don't want to tell you that's all.  
 It's a small matter, but I don't understand why you're so angry.  
 You try being pestered like that and see.  
 I pay a lot of money for good stuff and that's the end of it, isn't it?   
 What? "Where are the geese?" "Who did you sell them to?" "How much did you sell them for?"  
 It's like caring so much about these geese that you think there are no other geese in the world.   
 I assure you that I have nothing to do with the rest of the people who came to ask.  
 An inquiry?   This is simply an interrogation.   
 I won't tell you.  
 Then the bet will have to be blown.  
 What's the bet?  What's the bet?  
 I will always stick to my views on poultry  
 I bet this friend of mine £5 that the goose I chose was raised in the farm, right?  
 What?   Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's right.  
 Then you lost because it was fed in the city.  
 That's not true.  
 That's the way it is. I don't believe it.  
 Here's your money, Formosus.  
 You think I don't understand? I've been working with poultry since I was a kid.  
 Let me tell you, all the geese sold to Alpha's shop are city-fed.  
 You say you can't convince me  
 Bato Formosus is willing to bet.  
 So you're willing to bet?  
 That's only to make you lose money.   
 But I'll bet a gold pound against you, just to teach you to be stubborn.  
 Make friends, then.  
 Look carefully, Mr. Pride, this is my ledger, in which I keep a list of the names of those who have sold me geese.  
 On this page are the country people  
 On this page, written in red ink, are the suppliers from the city.  
 Read out the name of the third person for me  
 Mrs. Oakshott, 117 Brixton Road   
 Customer number 249.  
 Very good. You can look at the total again.  
 Mrs. Oakshott's Egg and Poultry Supplier?  
 And what is that last entry?  
 24 geese sold for 7 shillings and 6 pence to Wendy Garrett at the Alpha Tavern.  
 Do you have anything else to say?  
 What about this gentleman's £5?  
 Well done, Formosus.  
 Are you going to see Mrs. Oakeshott tonight?  
 Why, it's you again. Are you annoyed?  
 I told you, they're all sold out.  
 You heard me say there were two grey-crowned geese.  
 Look, I'm bored with you and your geese, and to hell with both of you!  
 If you ever bother me with that stupid talk again  
 I'll let the dogs bite you.  
 Listen to me, Mrs. Oakeshott told me. ... ...  
 You bring Mrs. Oakshott here and I'll give her an answer.  
 But what's that got to do with you?   
 Did I buy my goose from you?  
 No, but there's a goose there that's mine.  
 Then you go to Mrs. Oakeshott and ask her to let me come to you. 
 You can ask the King of Prussia for it, but it's none of my business.  
 I've had enough!  
 Get out of here!  
 Save us the trip to Brixton.  
 I'm sorry I overheard you talking to that trader.  
 I thought I might be able to help you with this.  
 Really? Who are you?  
 My job is to know what no one else knows.  
 But you can't know this.  
 On the contrary, I know everything.  
 I know that you want to find out what happened to a batch of geese sold to Breckenridge by Mrs. Oakeshott of Brixton Road.  
 And Breckenridge sold them to Mr. Wendy Gatte of the Alpha Tavern.   
 You, sir, are the man I am looking for.  
 I can't express how interested I am in this matter.  
 Then I suggest that we discuss this matter in a more comfortable place.   
 Carriage  
 Come in and sit down.  
 I'll go and change my slippers.  
 I think we need to know who we have the pleasure of working for first, don't we Watson?   
 John Robinson  
 No, no, no, I'm asking for your real name.   
 It's not convenient to use an alias for business.  
 All right, then. My real name is Ryder. James Ryder.  
 Okay, Mr. Ryder, the head of the World Hotel.  
 Yes, that's right.  
 You'd like to know where those geese fell, especially if one of them was the white-bodied, grey-crowned one, wouldn't you?  
 Oh, sir, can you tell me about its fall?  
 Did it come to me, to you?   Sadly, it is no longer here.  
 But this goose laid an egg after it died  
 The most beautiful, shiny little blue egg I've ever seen.  
 Here, let me show you.  
 The game's over, Ryder.  
 Stand still and watch out for falling into the fireplace  
 The poor worm was indeed very small, and he was no longer brave enough to commit a serious crime.  
 I've got all the pieces of the case under control, and there's nothing more you can tell me.  
 It was Catherine Chusak who instigated me.  
 She's the Count's wife's maid.  
 It's true, you learned from the grapevine that Horner had committed a similar theft.  
 And what did you do then? You and your accomplice Chusak did something in the Countess's room. 
 You tried to get Horner to come.  
 And you stole the stone and called the police, and unfortunately Horner was imprisoned.  
 For God's sake, have mercy on me!  
 Think of my father, my father, my mother. They'll be devastated.  
 I've never done anything bad before. I'll never do it again. 
 I can swear on my hand on the Bible  
 Don't send me to court, Mr. Formosus.   
 For God's sake, don't do it!  
 Sit back in your chair  
 Now that you know that you are on your knees, how can you not have mercy on Horner, who knows nothing of you and is in the dock because of you?  
 I will go away, Mr. Formosus. 
 I will leave this country  
 Then the charges against him will be dropped.  
 We'll talk about that later.  
 Now tell me how the stone got into the goose's belly  
 And how did the goose come to be sold in the market?   
 Tell me the truth. It is your only hope for survival.  
 I'll tell you everything that happened.  
 I thought it best to take the stone and run away immediately, because I didn't know when the police would think to search me and my room.  
 There was not a safe place in the hotel  
 I pretended to be sent out of the hotel and then went to my sister's house to try and make more plans.  
 What's the matter, Jem? You look awful.  
 I had a bit of a scare. There's been a burglary at Maggie's.  
 Get in the house.   
 I went into the backyard where she kept the geese, smoked a cigarette and wondered what to do.  
 I remember I was in a panic until I thought of where to hide the stone for the time being.   
 Suddenly I saw the geese cooing in the corner of the yard   
 My sister once told me I could pick a goose for my Christmas gift.  
 I picked out a goose with a grey crown, a nice fat one  
 I stuffed the stone down its throat as far as my fingers could reach  
 I thought all my troubles were solved when... . .  
 What are you doing with that goose, Jem?   You said I could pick one for the Christmas present.  
 I'm trying to see which one is the fattest.  
 We saved yours. We call it "Jem's goose".  
 Well, Maggie, it's just as well which one is the same for you. 
 I'd like the one I just held in my hand.  
 But the one I left for you is still three pounds heavier.  
 We fattened it up specially. It doesn't matter.  
 I'll take that one. I'll take it now.  
 Whatever you want.  
 Which one do you want? 
 Just the one with the grey crown in the middle. - Okay.  
 Kill it and take it away.  
 I did as she said, Mr. Formosus.  
 I took the goose to my friend's house and we gutted it with a knife.  
 We cut the goose open with a knife and my heart went cold.  
 There were no sapphires in the crop, and I knew something was wrong.  
 Where had all the geese gone?  
 Sold to a trader.  
 Which merchant?  
 Breckenridge of Covent Garden  
 Tell me, was there another goose, also grey-crowned?  
 Yes, there were two of them.  
 Even I can't tell them apart.  
 What's the matter? Why are you so frightened?  
 I ran as fast as I could to Breckenridge's.  
 But he'd sold all the geese and wouldn't tell me who he'd sold them to.   
 I'm going crazy.  
 Now I've been branded a "thief", even though I didn't get the treasure for which I sold my character.  
 God forgive me!  
 God forgive me!  
 Get out of here.  
 What?  
 May God bless your life! 
 Shut your mouth!  
 Go away.  
 I have to admit, Formos, this was a bit of a surprise to me.  
 I haven't been called to the police station to tell them what they don't know.  
 Maybe I've committed a felony too, but I might have saved someone's life.   
 If I send him to prison, he'll be a prisoner for life.  
 After all, it's the time of amnesty.  
 It is midnight  
 Joy of the Nativity Formosus  
 Joy of the Nativity, my dear friends, etc., etc.  
 John Horner is still in custody, and I can't eat in peace when I think of it.  
 Do you think Brazillian or his colleagues might still be working on the case? 
 You're right, Watson. Let's go.  
 Mrs. Barclay, your tea is here.  
 Your tea, madam.  
 I hate you. I hate you.  
 I hate you. I hate you. I hate you.  
 David  
 - Your tea, Mrs. Barclay.  
 - David, you have betrayed him!  
 Mrs. Fenning  
 What's happened, my child?  
 Something awful has happened to Mrs. Finning and the school and the door won't open.  
 I'll try.  
 Stop him, both of you!  
 Mrs. Barclay, open the door.  
 Mrs. Barclay opens the door.   
 The door is locked from the inside and there's no key.  
 I'll call the doctor and the police.  
 When I returned home in the boat with my wounds, there were many of them.
 They did a great job in the Indian rebellion.   
 You won't regret taking this case.  
 Ah, the sentry  
 Dr. Watson, a former medic in the Royal Berkshire Regiment, now practises medicine on his own.  
 I am Lieutenant-Commander Murphy, and I am now in charge of the Royal Maros Regiment, due to the tragic death of my Colonel.  
 This must be Mr. Formosus.  
 Please sit down.  
 How kind of you to arrive so soon.  
 You're welcome. 
 I have already explained to Mr. Formos the scandal you must be worried about.  
 Thank you.  
 The honour of the regiment now rests with me.  
 But the papers say there must be a scandal here.  
 There must be none. 
 I've done my best to keep the reporters away.  
 Yes, that's why they are more suspicious.  
 Even if they knew little, they must have smelled a mystery.  
 Oh, but it cannot be renewed. . to regain their attention . . . yes 
 . yes  
 You can see how much we need your help, Mr. Formosus.
 What do you say?   Formosus.  
 What can I say?  
 Captain Murphy, you have told me nothing!  
 I came to Aldershot on the strength of Watson's persuasion, and he is far more interested in military affairs than I am.  
 Since I am here, you should have told me the truth!  
 The commanding officer of this regiment  
 The commanding officer of this regiment, Colonel James Barclay, was appointed yesterday. Colonel James Barclay, commanding officer of this regiment, was found dead in his apartment at about 10 o'clock last night.  
 The body was found in the early morning sitting room by the orderly of Private Colonel Bates.   
 The Colonel had a two-inch long wound on the back of his head, obviously caused by a blunt blow.  
 On the floor next to the body was a very distinctive hand-carved wooden stick  
 And on the sofa, lying unconscious, was Nancy Barnes. Nancy Barr. ... .   That's Mrs. Buckley.  
 Please continue, Captain Murphy.  
 It was only when the servants heard the noise that they noticed the tragic quarrel was between Colonel Barclay and his wife.  
 The servants tried to enter the early morning sitting room but found the door locked.  
 Bates then went around to the garden and entered through the landing.  
 Is it Mrs. Barclay you are now wondering about?  
 Yes, but she is clearly not the person to do such a thing.  
 I served for many years as an aide-de-camp to the late Colonel Barclay in his regiment.  
 So I knew Mrs. Barclay very well too.  
 Of course  
 Tell me the particulars of Colonel Barclay, who was well respected by his men?  
 Considering his background, he was very well respected.  
 His background?   Was he tainted in any way?  
 No, but no one on the outside knows that James Barclay was actually just a horse. James Barclay was only a private in the Marlows.  
 Yes?  
 It is indeed a rare achievement to go from private to commanding officer in the same regiment.  
 He was promoted because of his bravery in the Indian counter-insurgency and over the years he has risen through the ranks much faster than I have. 
 It is indeed very impressive  
 Is Mrs. Buckley, unfortunately, in custody?  
 No, not at all.  
 She's in the hospital, she's being looked after and there's a police officer there too.  
 Nancy Buckley. But you should have seen her when she was a young woman in India, thirty years ago.  
 She was the daughter of a regiment.  
 Her father was a sergeant major in the regiment, Warrant Officer Devoy, and therefore a revered father-in-law to any soldier.  
 I remember when my companions thought she was the nicest girl on the ground.  
 As a junior officer, I didn't have much contact with her, but I did notice that she was such a fascinating, courageous and energetic girl.  
 So of course, Barkley was not the only one in the regiment  
 But he was the one who wanted her, but he was the one she chose.  
 They were married in Portage, not far from Camber, in the summer of 1858, a few months before General Neil's troops had rescued our regiment from the siege.  
 Shortly after the wedding 
 As one might expect, Sergeant Barclay was promoted.  
 The early years of the marriage could be difficult for the Bakri couple  
 A lowly soldier marries the daughter of a regimental sergeant  
 Yes, there should have been some social friction  
 But Nancy used her charm to defuse them and they were soon accepted. 
 When the regiment returned from India five years ago  
 Five years earlier, when the regiment had returned from India, Barclay had been promoted to command the regiment.  
 Was their marriage always a happy one?  
 It looks like it, yes.  
 Did it look like it? 
 Most people thought it was a very happy marriage.  
 How do you feel about that, Captain Murphy?  
 Because I was a deputy, I was able to visit the Barclay's often.  
 I saw the other side of their marriage.  
 The truth is more important than your loyalty to your late commanding officer.  
 One evening after dinner at the Barclay's house  
 I got to the end of the driveway and remembered that I had left my cigar box in the dining room.  
 I walked back and the front door was still open.  
 Jane, the maid is still in the foyer.  
 It's good that you're still here.  
 I left the cigar box on the table.
 I think Colonel and Mrs. Barclay have gone to bed, sir.  
 James, for heaven's sake.  
 Tell me the truth. Who is it? Who is it?  
 Let go of me. You're hurting me.  
 Then tell me you love me and only me and no one else.  
 Do you hear me? Do you hear me? 
 If I didn't love you, would I have married you?  
 I don't know. Sometimes I wish I knew.  
 This jealous quarrel began soon after you left, Captain Murphy.  
 Tell me about this man, Barclay, was he a violent man?  
 Sometimes yes.  
 He was very considerate of his younger subordinates.  
 But it must have taken a lot of brutality to make it all the way up the ladder.  
 I'm sure he doesn't think he's too good at being a commander, does he?  
 No, but sometimes he can be a bit gloomy all of a sudden.  
 To the Queen  
 To the Queen  
 Sometimes we'd talk about previous battles, the Battle of Primier, the Pax Romana, the Afghan War, and the smile would suddenly fade from his lips as if it had been taken from him by an unseen hand.  
 Yes, after so much service in India, it must have had some effect.  
 I often saw it in Berkshire too.  
 You mentioned a hand-carved wooden stick next to the body... is that a souvenir of the Colonel's return from India? 
 The servants all said they had never seen this stick before.  
 In all my visits, I've never seen it before.  
 It's a long one.  
 Did the policeman take it away for inspection?  
 Yes, they did.  
 They thought it was the murder weapon.  
 Yes.  
 I think we should start with a visit to the schoolmaster's apartment, but it would be better if we could see Mrs. Barclay first. 
 I'm afraid she's still in a coma.  
 I think so.  
 DAVID. . ... DAVID ... . .  
 What a beautiful morning!
 Would Mrs. Foremost Barclay have a lover and did Colonel Barclay know about it?  
 Captain Murphy seems to be very close to her.  
 You know, it's not unusual for officers and wives in the tropics to be involved in that kind of affair.  
 Thank you, Watson, for opening my eyes to the moral values of the military.  
 If Murphy and Mrs. Barclay had had an affair, would he have mentioned the little incident of forgetting the cigar box?  
 It was about 7:30, Mr. Barclay, and I was serving dinner.  
 One evening a month, Mrs. Barclay goes to Aldershot to do some good deeds.  
 Where are you going in such a hurry?  
 The distribution of the old clothes starts at eight o'clock and I promised Ann Morrison. Morrison  
 I'll be at the distribution hall on time.   
 If those fleas in the old clothes that are jumping up and down are going to give you something nasty. 
 That's your own business.  
 I think we should give back what we've been given equally 
 We've been lucky enough, the others not so lucky  
 Don't come back too late   
 No, it won't.  
 Mrs. Barclay should have been back at 9:00, sir.  
 I was in the kitchen helping the cook wash the dishes. 
 There was a thunderclap in the distance.  
 I was saying to Mrs. Fenning, "It looks like a storm is coming" when the bell in the living room rang in the morning.  
 I went there and found that Mrs. Buckley had come back.
 She was pacing back and forth in her room, pale and restless.  
 She looked awful, sir.  
 Did you ring the bell, madam?  
 Yes, I'd like some tea.   
 Yes, ma'am.  
 Jane, is that you?  
 Yes, sir, I thought I heard your wife come in.  
 Yes, sir. She's in the morning room.  
 Early morning sitting room?   Yes, sir. 
 I was just about to bring a pot of tea to Mrs.  
 Tea?   What tea at this time of the day?  
 So it seems that was the last time Mr. Barclay was seen in his life?  
 Yes, sir.  
 Do you know why your mistress went to the morning sitting room, according to your guess?   It was late, and the fire was not even lit.  
 I don't know, sir.  
 Did she always avoid school on purpose?  
 Did you ever hear them quarrel before?  
 Not that I know of, no, sir.  
 When you came back from the kitchen with Mrs's tea, you found the door locked and heard them raise their voices.  
 Tell me what you heard, exactly.  
 They were just arguing, sir.  
 Mrs. said the Colonel was a coward.  
 She said that you had ruined my life all these years.  
 Mrs. Dawai called out the name "David"  
 Twice.  
 David?   Do you swear to that?  
 It's true, sir.  
 But the Colonel's name was James.  
 Have you ever heard your wife speak of a man called David before?  
 No, neither the colonel nor the lady knew a man called David.  
 Captain Murphy's godname was Patrick.  
 Have they had any recent guests named David?  
 No sir.  
 A stick of wood was found beside the body of Colonel Barclay, have you ever seen it before?  
 No, Colonel. 
 There were a few trophies brought back from India, but none of them contained the stick.  
 Are you sure, Miss Stuart?  
 Yes, sir.  
 I don't know where it came from.  
 Thank you. That's all for today.  
 Oh, no, there's one last thing.  
 Captain Murphy left a cigar box once. Did you find it? 
 Yes, sir.  
 Colonel, it's lying here, sir.
 Head by the fireplace fence?  
 Yes, sir.  
 You can still see the bloodstains.  
 But it's his face that's most frightening.  
 His face?  
 I turned him over.  
 I almost fainted when I saw his face.  
 A twisted, grimy face, full of fear.  
 It was like seeing the Grim Reaper?  
 Probably so, sir.   
 Thanks Beats  
 What kind of ghosts and ghouls could have frightened the Colonel like that?  
 It must not have been Nancy Buckley. Nancy Barclay.
 The door was locked, sir, and the key was gone.  
 No?  
 Yes, and we had to call a locksmith to get it open.  
 Did you look for the key at all?  
 We searched up and down.  
 Mrs. Barclay didn't have them and they weren't in Mrs. Barclay's pocket.  
 Thank you, Mrs. Fenning.  
 Watson, if the key wasn't stuck in the door, it wasn't in the Barkley's pocket. . . 
 Then there should be a third person.  
 Yes, that person either enters through this window or exits through it.  
 These are the footprints of Bates.  
 But these are the footprints of another man.   
 He had just walked across the grass a short time ago, and his footprints were still visible.  
 He came in through the window, Watson. We've got the right one.  
 Watson, look at this.  
 - What's this?   - This foreigner has an unusual companion.  
 Is it a dog?   Whose dog is it?  
 Anyone heard a dog pouncing on the curtains?  
 Or was it a cat?  
 The paw prints are not those of a cat, nor of a monkey, nor of any creature with which we are familiar.  
 From hind paws to front paws, at least 15 inches apart.  
 Add to that the length of its neck and brain, and the animal is at least two feet long, or even longer if it has a tail.  
 Its stride is also oddly long, suggesting a long body and short legs.  
 Something like a ferret or a weasel? 
 We also know it's a carnivore.   
 How do you know?  
 The paw prints show that it pounced on the curtains.  
 Trying to eat a canary.  
 That's right. 
 What is this beast anyway?  
 No, I can't. I can't betray my friends. Don't make me do it.  
 Sister Morrison was happy when Mrs. Barclay left home the night before last and came here.  
 But two hours later she returned home a completely different person.  
 Now the police suspect her of being the perpetrator.  
 You have a duty to help clear her name.  
 You must tell me what happened that night that made her change so much.  
 Well, if I can really help her, I'm willing to break my promise of secrecy. 
 So it's true what happened. . ... 
 It's very strange.  
 We see all sorts of people here.  
 But the night before last I saw the strangest man I've ever seen.  
 He was not only hunchbacked, he had a limp and walked with a bent knee. 
 His skin was dark and wrinkled like a dried apple  
 I thought to myself that there were people in the world who had suffered more than they should have  
 The man was dressed in eastern clothes, which made him even more unusual.  
 I pointed the man out to Nancy and felt that he deserved our special care.  
 Nancy was certainly in a good mood that night, and I saw her go up to the man and ask him if he needed any help.  
 That's when she changed her whole personality. 
 She started talking to this man and then suddenly became bloodless.  
 She looked like she had seen a ghost.  
 The man was very surprised to see her and I saw him gesticulating furiously.  
 Then Nancy and the man went to a quiet corner and they talked for a while, and I heard the man scream in anger, and then he ran out of the room, waving his fists.  
 Are you all right?  
 Who was that poor fellow?  
 It's an old friend of mine who's in a bad way.  
 Promise me, Anni, that you'll keep this a secret from anyone, okay?  
 Of course, if you want me to keep it a secret, I promise.  
 Who was that man?   
 I knew you were going to ask this one.  
 After that encounter, Nancy left.  
 I naturally asked some of the regulars there about this man.  
 This unusual-looking man would certainly have attracted some attention.  
 It seems he was a soldier who had returned from India, and no one knew anything else about his origins except that he made his living by entertaining the troops with magic shows and the like. 
 Did you tell the police about this man?  
 No promises are promises, of course.  
 Yes, that's right. 
 Thank you, Miss Morrison.  
 That's our intruder's four-legged companion.  
 A meerkat.  
 I think we've found our man.  
 Mr. Henry Wood Mr. Henry Wood has just arrived from India.  
 May I speak to you?  
 What's the matter?  
 The death of Colonel Barclay  
 She was innocent, I assure you.  
 Then it's you who's guilty.  
 No, I'm innocent too.  
 Then who struck down Colonel Barclay?  
 It was God's will that killed him, and his own guilty conscience.  
 You will do well to explain.  
 If I had smashed his brains out, God, which I always wanted to do, he would have deserved it.  
 But I didn't touch a finger of his.  
 Someone saved me the trouble.  
 Let me tell you my story.  
 I have nothing to be ashamed of.  
 Before you is a man with a humped back, and all his ribs are crooked.  
 But I, Henry Wood Corporal Wood was one of the best looking men in the Royal Maroons.  
 Were you in the same regiment as Colonel Barclay?  
 Yes, but he was only a private at the time.  
 We were in the same army and we had one thing in common - we were both in love with the same woman: Nancy Devoy. Nancy DeVoe  
 She was the daughter of the regimental sergeant.  
 There were two men in love with her, but she loved only one.  
 She... ... ... You would have laughed at the sight of me curled up in a ball in front of the fire and heard me say that Nancy loved me for my handsomeness. 
 I'm the one she's always loved 
 But though I have won her heart, her father does not approve.  
 I was a rash, reckless little boy, but I was also honest and straightforward  
 Nancy's father wanted her to marry Barclay  
 He was a prudent man, not a nuisance, not capable of wrongdoing, unlike me who often took Nancy to places her father did not like.  
 And Barclay had been taught that his future was bright (he was to be given a sword).  
 Warrant Officer De Voye naturally felt that Barclay was more suited to his daughter   
 But she was faithful to me, and we would have been married if it had not been for the rebellion.  
 Then why didn't Nancy marry the man she loved?  
 It was the rainy season of 1857 when the Indians mutinied.  
 The regiment was surrounded at Polti.   
 10,000 rebels surrounded us like dogs in a rat trap. 
 Our ammunition and food were in short supply, and we could only be saved by trying to contact the advancing troops of General Neil's army.   
 We could only be rescued.  
 The commander of our unit began to select a volunteer who was strong enough to sneak out of the garrison in the dead of night and make contact with reinforcements on the plains.  
 I stupidly volunteered.  
 It was indeed a dangerous mission, with a thousand brothers in danger.  
 But I had only one person in mind at the time.   
 Nancy DeVoe My beloved, the most beautiful girl, with the breath of life between her lips.  
 To say goodbye to her was the hardest thing in the world  
 We exchanged our farewell tokens, and what could I have imagined 
 That it would be thirty years since we parted 
 That night, when my lover saw me about to set out across the enemy's blockade, Sergeant Barkley said he knew no one better than him. 
 He said no one knew the terrain around the garrison better than he did.  
 I volunteered to deliver the letter  
 He volunteered to show me the best way out.  
 So after listening to him, and under the cover of fire from my comrades   
 I set out.  
 Buckley told me to follow a small stream and then I would reach a valley.  
 He said it was the best way down the mountain.  
 His directions were perfect, and soon I was trekking through the cold water of the creek, which had been snowed in on the Himalayas the day before.  
 I could see the lights and fires of the rebel camp, but I made my way down to the valley, avoiding their posts.  
 Thinking I was safe  
 Suddenly I was struck by a blow  
 Something hit me hard on the head and I felt the sky spinning.
 When I woke up, I found myself tied up like a chicken and hanging from a tree.  
 My arms felt so painful, like they were twisted into twine. 
 I didn't care about the pain. What made me sad was that I had failed in my mission. 
 What would happen to the people I was trying to save?  
 But the biggest blow came later, when I heard a rebel talk and realised I had been betrayed.  
 And it was the man who had shown me the way, Buckley, who had sold me for the possession of my beloved girl.  
 Do you now know what James Buckley is good at? Now you know what James Buckley is good at.  
 Surprisingly, General Neil's troops were already on their way to rescue Bertie.  
 The rebels retreated, but took me with them, and I was tormented.  
 I tried to escape, but I was mistreated again.  
 For many years I did not see a white man  
 My captors fled north, into the mountains, and treated me like a slave.  
 Not even a dog. Every bone in my body was broken by them.  
 There were times when I wished they had killed me, but it was my hatred for the man who had ruined my life that fuelled my desire to live.  
 I dreamed of revenge on Barkley  
 One day, one of the Afghans killed the rebels who held me captive. 
 I was left there to die, but I miraculously survived.  
 I wanted to avenge my suffering, but Bakri was not in my hands. 
 And Nancy, I don't even know if she's dead or alive.  
 I wandered back to the Punjab to live with the locals and learn from the street magicians  
 I learned to do magic for a living  
 I had become a pitiful cripple, and what was the point of going back to England in a ship to meet my old companions?  
 Even the thought of revenge did not make me determined to return.  
 Let me be frank.  
 I would rather that Nancy and my companions at Maros should think... . .   Henley Wood Wood had died a hero's death, a hero's backbone, than that they should see me crawl back to them like a gorilla, still in the world.  
 But you have come back to Aldershot, to the place where your regiment was stationed.
 Why?   I just want to see my country one more time before I die.  
 I have saved every penny to buy a return ticket  
 I didn't know the regiment was stationed in Aldershot  
 I only wanted to be where the army was  
 I earned three meals a day by doing tricks and magic in a small restaurant 
 I had no more desire to kill Barkley, and the flame of revenge had died down after all these years until I saw her.  
 I felt I had to put on my British clothes. 
 I looked so funny in these foreign clothes.  
 At first I was just looking for a thick coat and I didn't really look at the women who were handing them out.  
 Then one of them came up to me.  
 I recognised her right away.  
 She hadn't changed a bit, she was still as beautiful as ever.  
 What was more surprising was that she was... . ...  
 She seemed to recognise me.  
 Good evening. Do you want me to help you?   
 Did you find any of your... ... ...  
 I'm sorry, I thought... I thought... I thought...  
 Nancy, it's me. I'm Henri.  
 Don't be afraid.  
 All these 30 years I thought you were gone.   
 I am dead... . I'm dead...  
 I never thought I'd see you again.  
 We talked for a while.  
 I told her about me.  
 I shouldn't have told her that her husband was a traitor, but I couldn't hold back 30 years of hatred, and it came out at once.  
 She was shocked at what I said.  
 I couldn't bear to look at it.  
 So I left, and when I saw her hurrying out, I followed her to her house.  
 I saw her enter the house and the light came on.  
 I saw her sitting on a chair.  
 And then he came in.  
 James, I need to talk to you.  
 - Why did you lock the door?  
 - I told you not to come back too late, didn't I?  
 Were you with someone?  
 - No... ... No...   
 - You must have been with someone!  
 No.  
 Who was it?  
 You've ruined my life!  
 After all these years, after all these years  
 How could you do this?  
 - You wicked devil!  
 - Mrs. Barclay, your tea.  
 I hate you, I hate you, I hate you, I hate you!  
 No!  
 I saw him holding her body and I was so mad. 
 I couldn't control my feelings  
 David, your tea, madam.  
 David, you have betrayed him.  
 No, I didn't.  
 He's still alive. I told you I saw him.  
 You're lying.  
 You're crazy.  
 I've never seen anyone look at me the way he did.  
 I saw death in his face.  
 I appeared alive like a bullet through his sinful heart.  
 Mrs. Barclay, Mrs. Barclay, open the door! 
 He fell on the fence
 He was already dead before he fell.  
 Mrs. Barclay, Mrs. Barclay, open the door!  
 I took the key from Nancy's hand and was going to open the door and ask for help.  
 But I thought I'd better get going or things would be very bad for me. 
 I hurriedly threw the key in my pocket and went after Teddy, who ran out of the cage and went to bite the curtains.  
 Teddy  
 So he fell and hit the fence after the school died?  
 He must have had a stroke from the shock.  
 Mr. Wood, if the coroner had come to the same conclusion as Mrs. Barclay, Nancy would have been acquitted.   
 Nancy would have been released without charge. 
 I don't suppose you would object to repeating your story to the police if you had to, would you?  
 What happened to Nancy, Mr. Holmes?  
 She's in hospital.   
 She will be fully recovered in a few days.  
 Thank you, God.  
 You're well. It's good to see you.  
 Better, no?  
 Yes, much better.  
 There's something I don't quite understand, Formosus.  
 The Colonel's name is James and Wood's name is Henry or Harriet.  
 My good Watson, if I had been careful enough, I should have found out that the name David had revealed the whole story.  
 But this time my powers of deduction have failed me.  
 In this case, the name David is actually a word for blame.  
 Blame?
 Do you remember King David of Judea and Israel?  He saw Bathsheba, the wife of the general Uriah, and sent Uriah to the front to be killed so that he could have Bathsheba for himself.  
 This story can be found in the first or second book of Samuel   
 I'm afraid I've forgotten all my knowledge of the Old Testament.  
 You're right, Formosus.  
 Samuel, book 2, chapter 11, pages 14 to 17 
 Obviously you have already looked it up since your return from Aldershot.  
 How did you know?  
 You used the bill for our meal at Waterloo as a bookmark and inserted it into the book, didn't you?  
 Mr. Harry Watson  
 Only just got in, my dear Fulmus.
 Good evening, old friend.  
 I must ask you to close the game now.  
 Yes, thank you.  
 Do you know what this is like?
 It's like a roller coaster.  
 You know what I mean?
 Try to do it with me.  
 How tall are the London eyes?  
 How tall is the Big Ben?  
 Since then, I've been working as a technical special agent for about two years now. 
 It's great.  
 Cool... ... ... Not bad.  
 Does it look like a TV journalist? Or is it . . ...  
 No, only on the internet... ... ...  
 ...do some films but mainly write articles on the tech industry  
 Cool, technology is great . ... ...  
 Where have you been so far?   
 Did you travel around the world like Indiana Jones?  
 Trekking around, taking risks.  
 In fact, my trip was almost over.  
 But I flew to Sydney at first, then Thailand.  
 - I'm so jealous  
 - India, yes.  
 I went to Rama... ... I went to Rome...  
 - I spent the whole holiday in Europe - even I didn't get to go that much!  
 Really?  
 It was great. 
 And then I went to Pamplona in Spain.  
 - Isn't there a bullfight there?   
 - Running with the bulls  
 - You run with the bulls? 
 - That's right.  
 - That's why you have this wound.  
 - It's not simple.  
 You're really an Indiana Jones!  
 Do you have a whip in your bag? Do you have a hat?  
 I saved the world from the Nazis.  
 That's pretty cool.  
 I'm just... I just... ...trying to do something I've never done before.   Trying to do something I've never done before  
 Is that what you're doing on this trip?   To find yourself?  
 Yes, you could say that.
 I... ... ...  
 Leaving my home is my purpose.  
 Yes, it's... ... ...whatever. What the hell, it's boring.  
 I'm afraid there's nothing exciting about England.  
 It doesn't matter, it's the last stop on the trip.  
 Sadly, I'm going home next week.  
 - I don't have much time. ... ...next week?  
 - Next week?  
 - Yes, there's not much time.  
 Can you suggest something fun for me to do?  
 - Something fun? 
 - Yes, yes.  
 Oh, God.  
 Good day to you.  
 Good morning. . .  
 Another scar  
 Sort of.  
 I'm guessing you got it while shark fishing in Cape Town, mate.  
 - Is that the best you can do with your American accent?   - That's all you can do with your American accent?  
 Josh Peters' masterpiece, high school bad boy.  
 He and I were fighting in craft class.  
 He hit me with an iron bar or something.  
 What an asshole.  
 "What an asshole."  
 - It's not like that.   
 - Is the apology yours or mine?  
 It must be yours.  
 - "Mum", the typical American  
 - Yes, it is.  
 Aren't you going to answer it? 
 It's a bit unsympathetic.  
 So you want to talk to her now?  
 You want to talk to my mother?  
 - I can call her.  
 I'll leave it.  
 Are you hungry?  
 Look at all these games.  
 You're a player. You're good.  
 I am, of course, for work.  
 "You've never been beaten by a girl?  
 It's... ... ... Is this your dating handbook?  
 What is it? Is it a "different point"?  
 Computers learn how to be smarter than men, just like women did many years ago.  
 What I do is like a joke  
 - Did you know that?   
- Do you?  
 - Yes.  
 - That's what you call a joke?  
 Yeah, you've got those here.  
 - You've got those here, haven't you?  
 - Yes, at the moment there is.  
 That's a good joke. ... ...  
 Enjoy your marmalade!  
 Oh, my God.  
 Do you really eat this stuff?  
 Oh, good.   
 Good. Mum saved me.  
 The best way to stop her from calling again is to... . I don't know.  
 I don't know, take it.  
 I don't want to deal with this right now.  
 She's worried. 
 You're her son.   
 You've been travelling and I just thought if you talked to her... ... ...  
 I'm still staying with her in Syracuse.  
 That's fine. No problem.  
 I have to take care of my dad.  
 Oh, shit. 
 He's... ... He's...  
 No, he's dead.  
 - Oh, God.  
 - Last year. No, it doesn't matter.  
 It's been dragging on for a while.  
 Early onset Alzheimer's.  
  It must have been hard.   
 Yes, he's my best friend.  
 He sometimes looks at me and doesn't even know who I am.  
 My mother... My mother... My mother... I don't even... ... ...  
 I don't know how to talk to her  
 I don't have that kind of feeling   
 I don't even know how to say it.  
 That's why I left.  
 That's why I went on this trip.   
 To leave, to make memories while I still could  
 I knew I had to talk to her . . ...but not on my phone.  
 . but not on my phone, I just . I just... ... I'll take care of it.  
 I'll take care of it when I get back, it's just... ... ...you're a good man, Cooper.  
 You're a good man, Cooper.  
 Call your mother.  
 019 3929  
 No, I didn't buy sandals on Koh Samui last night because I was... . ...  
 How long will it take?  
 Because I had to buy a plane ticket back to the States.  
 Oh my God!  
 Can I just say that this is the most humiliating excuse for a second meeting in history?  
 That's awesome.  
 Yes, my God, thank you. ... Thank you...  
 Okay.  
 - Don't forget your luggage.   
- Luggage. Yeah.  
 You're awesome. I don't know what that means, but I've heard people say that you're awesome.  
 I have a plan. 
 Part-time work  
 - Who do you work for? 
 - It's a program.  
 You can... . ... I always use it when I'm short of money  
 - Not bad - some of it's fun  
 "Seeking stimulus lovers"  
 - Looks right up your alley - good  
 Okay, £4, not bad, not bad.  
 （A bit out of the way (Kiwi game)  
 The company is called Zitu. . .  
 Zito Games . ... . For  
 Superb company  
 - It's really big - isn't it?  
 Thriller game  
 Have you heard of . . .  
 What's it called? . . 
"Harlequin Spectre"?  
 Yes, I've heard of it.  
 I used to play with my best friend, David Lowe, in his basement when we were in seventh grade.  
 That's Shoyu Saito. 
 That's his company.  
 - He's a genius. He's very creative.  
 - Well, apparently they were working on a new project.  
 A huge investment, an unprecedented innovation  
 But the confidentiality is perfect.  
 Maybe if I do it right, I can get you an exclusive interview with Shoyu.  
 An exclusive interview?  
 You should take a picture.  
 Seriously, if you get any of the pictures they have planned you'll make a lot more than £4!  
 Good idea  
 Where is this company?  
 Mr. Cooper?  
 Just call me Cooper.  
 Mr Cooper, apologies.  
 Just call me Cooper.  
 In that case, just call me Katie.  
 You're good. . Come with me.  
 - Come with me, please.  
 - I'll put the backpack here.   
- The Rav will handle it.  
 The rav will take care of it. 
 Very well.
 On the contrary, I don't want to carry it in.  
 It reminds me of the last level of the Demon King.  
 You know, the Dragon Fighter? 
 - Did you have a good trip?  
 - Very well, thank you.  
 - Did you like the car that picked you up?   
 - Yes.  
 This way, please.  
 What they're looking at is... ... . 
 It's cool . . .  
 Hurry up!  
 I feel like I'm going to see Dumbledore.  
 I'd like to be assigned to Gryffindor College.  
 Please take out your mobile phone and any devices you may use to send and receive messages.  
 - Don't you think it's a bit nerve-wracking?  
 - You can't be too careful.  
 Okay, here you go.  
 You're really something.  
 It's white.  
 Okay, I guess it says I agree to donate a kidney?  
 It's actually a standard confidentiality agreement.  
 You understand that it will involve minor surgery which is very important.  
 I'm sorry, do you need a game?  
 It is not permanent. We will not steal your kidney.
 I promise  
 It's not much different from having your ears pierced  
 " Confidential Information Brain Download Game, End of Duration . . . "  
 Where is the sign up page?  
 Where do I sign?  
 Signatures  
 I've missed a page, just a minute.  
 Okay, I'm right here. ... I'll wait here... Waiting.  
 What the hell?  
 (What the hell is there to do with medical procedures? (What ghosts?)  
 - Is everything okay?  
 - Yes, everything is fine.  
 We're working on an augmented reality system.  
 - Like a virtual reality? 
 - Like it's more real than real.  
 - What's that? 
  - We call it a "mushroom".  
 - The one in "Super Mario"?   
- You can say that if you want.  
 - You're qualified to do that, right?   
- I haven't killed anyone yet.  
 Okay?  
 I'm done.  
 It's done.  
 - That's it?   
 - See, let's just say I'm first class.  
 Don't worry, it's not permanent.  
 Okay.  
 Is this some kind of memory test or something?  
 - You'll find out later.  
 - You may feel a slight tingle when you start.  
 OK  
 Starts at 5.38pm  
 - Are you ready?   
- Yes, sir.  
 Almost there.  
 I thought I'd shut down.  
 Done.  
 How are you feeling?  
 I feel great.  
 - Look at the target.  
 What do you see?  
 It's like... . .  
 Like a gopher in a video game  
 - Do you have more details now?   
- Yes, yes, yes.  
 - Now what?  
 - Oh, shit.  
 Damn it, it's right there. ... ...
 Can I touch it?  
 It's not real. 
It's some kind of psychological reflection.  
 - You can see it  
 I can't see it.  
 - You can't see it?  
 Yes... ... ...  
 Okay.  
 Hit it hard.  
 Hit it hard? Yeah, yeah.  
 Okay, it's like a gopher game.  
 I've played it a million times.  
 Okay.  
 Here we go.  
 Come on up.  
 Where are you coming from?  
 Where did you go?  
 Okay, don't come up.  
 It's good.
 It's fun. ... ... You're so cute.  
 - Okay, see you again. 
 No more?  
 - I'm afraid so.  
 Is the gopher flat or three-dimensional? 
  No... . . . three-dimensional, super three-dimensional, like . . ...  
 - This is only a limited test demonstration.  
 - That's just a demonstration?  
 I think you should try the full version of the system we are developing.  
 Of course the pay is higher, if you are interested  
 If you are interested... ... ... I'm interested... ... ...  
 This is Shoyu Saito.  
 - You must be our newest volunteer.  
 - Hello.  
 This is great, you... You're great. You're great.  
 I'd say the whole game was super fun.  
 Fun?
 Fun is a good thing.  
 It's good to play games 
 It makes your heart beat faster  
 - And there's a smile on your face.  
 Yes, or... Yes, yes, or... ...or...  Scream (Harlequin Ghost)  
 I always like to make players jump  
 When frightened 
 If they're scared, they'll jump.  
 - And then it feels good.  
 You glow. Why?  
 Because of the adrenaline rush  
 - Yes, it is.  
 But mainly because you're still alive.  
 You're facing your deepest fears in a safe environment  
 It's the release of fear. It frees you.  
 Yes, that's right.   
 We are now developing the most personalised survival thriller ever!  
 It's great. It scares you with your own thoughts.  
 Listen to this. . . it sounds . It's crazy.  
 I can't wait  
 - I'm uploading a scripture package  
 - Scripture Web Seals . . ...  
 It may take a while to understand it's all from the 90's  
 It's a joke. It's a good name.  
 This is the most advanced intelligence software
 It learns and adapts quickly   
 Monitor your brain activity, try to find out what scares you most and then adapt your experience accordingly.  
 - Are you ready?   - Ready?  
 - Let's get started. Okay, we're ready.  
 - Close your eyes.  
 - The time is now 6:17pm. 
 Passing on
 5, 4, 3, 2, 1  
 How do you feel?  
 - Feeling good
 Very normal  
 Slowly stand up  
 Are you ready to start the game?  
 Isn't this the house "Harlequin Ghost"? 
 It's part of the whole property.  
 It's actually the gamekeeper's house, but yes, it's the same model.  
 It's the model. It's a game replica with a sweeping structure.  
 Very cool. . ...  
 What kind of game is this? What do I have to do?  
 You don't have to do anything.  
 Just stay here alone and see how long you last until you're too scared to go on.  
 So I'm just going to stay here?   And you get paid?  
 I'll be watching from the control room at the back.  
 There are cameras everywhere and no stealing of silver tableware is allowed.  
 And there's this.  
 - What's this? 
 - A walkie-talkie.  
 Yes, so we can be in constant contact with each other.  
 I can talk to you and you can hear me?
 That's great.  
 Nothing you can see can hurt you.  
 It's like a gopher game with audio-visual effects.  
 It's great.  
 But if it's too intense, we can always get you out of it.  
 - Stop the experiment  
 - Okay, do you have any safety codes in mind?  
 Words that are easy to remember under pressure?  
 - What about "Stop"?   
- Good choice.
 Then "stop".  
 Okay, then let's let you enjoy the evening as much as you can.  
 - Okay. - Okay.  
 - You'll hear my voice in a minute.  
 - Make yourself at home here 
 - Okay, not too hard.  
 The Harlequin Spectre  
 Is this real? 
 Yes, it's dead. ... ...  
 - Cooper.  
 - Are you okay?  
 - Can you hear me?  
 - It's clear.  
 I'm already trying to get drunk.  
 - But the wine doesn't contain alcohol  
 - It sucks.  
 - We need you to stay sober   
- Good point.  
 It's a brilliant technique.   
 First-class carpentry  
 - That's where it's at  
 - Amazing powers of observation  
 Everything is in order  
 - Damn it!  
 - What's wrong?  
 I just forgot I didn't have my phone.  
 I've been looking for it. I forgot it wasn't in my pocket.  
 There's no TV here.  
 Welcome to the 19th century. No TV, no internet, no wifi.  
 No wonder they're seeing dirty things.  
 It's probably all hallucinations.  
 This is the main theory of seeing ghosts  
 The mind can become disoriented when there is no external stimulus.  
 The less distractions we have, the more ghosts we will see.  
 It's really useful information  
 But there are books to read  
 It's not too bad, is it?  
 God, I can't remember the last time I read a book.  
 I can't remember the last time I read a book.  
 I know, it's crazy, why?  
 - You know, I feel like I'm... I feel like... I feel like...  
 - Okay, I'm going to go retro. 
 I need to concentrate. - No good.  
 Can I just say that your heart is beating faster?  
 It should, because there's a giant spider.  
 Did you see a spider?  
 - You didn't see it?  
 - No, I didn't.  
 No. No. No. ... ... Come on... . .  
 - It's killing me.   
- How can a tough guy like you be afraid of spiders?  
 I just don't like spiders  
 The system quickly identifies you as a spider-phobe  
 It's probing you for weaknesses.  
 Go to hell. Go to hell, Banzai.  
 It's much more realistic than a gopher game.  
 It's great. The video is very realistic.  
 That's good. Yeah.  
 Okay, that's not scary enough.  
 What is it?  
 It's just... ... ... Nothing... . . It's like there's . . .  
 No, there's a light on in the... . ...  
 Can you pull the mirror over here?  
 Then you'll know what I'm talking about.  
 - Cooper.   
- Now there's... . .  
 There's a man in the window 
 No . . .  
 He is no longer there 
 There is no one in the window now  
 This is... . .  
 Yes, it's... ... ...  
 It's just a leaky pipe.  
 I knew it. 
 It's a leaky pipe.  
 It's going to die.  
 It's dying.  
 You scared me.  
 You scared me. ... What do you see?  
 - What do you see? 
  - Creepy weirdo  
 No more . . ...  Oh, my God. Oh, my God.  
 He looks just like Josh Peters.  
 - You're Josh Peters . . ...what?  
 - What? 
  You are the Josh Peters of the High School  
 My friends at the High School  
 The system may have unearthed some of your personal memories  
 Is Josh Peters the person you were afraid of in High School?  
 He was a bully, I wasn't afraid. I wasn't afraid. I wasn't afraid of him...  
 I wasn't afraid of him, but he was a bully... . ...  
 God, if I'd had a few more lessons in Israeli close combat I'd have been ready . . ...  
 I'd be ready.  
 Kalima.  
 I need some wine.  
 I'll give it to you, but I don't think you'll be able to drink it.  
 See you later, Peters.  
 It's a good, non-alcoholic wine.  
 I'm not an expert, but it's good stuff.  
 I've been to France.
 I lived in a vineyard and they had a wine. . ...   ...for the festival.  
 It's a really good wine, I know.  
 You're talking nonsense.  
 - What's that?  
 - Chatty  
 Small talk.  
 Is that a question?  
 Some people are more talkative when they are scared  
 They can compensate for their fears  
 - It can also mask fear - can't it?  
 The same reasoning behind late night TV  
 The sound makes you feel less alone  
 Even if you're alone  
 You don't scare me, Katie.  
 It's a shame.  
 - Is there a fridge or something in here?  
 - There are some snacks in the cupboard.  
 All right, let's count the troops. ... ...you.  
 You, yes, yes. Gingerbread cookies.  
 Let's see.  
 Good too. 
 This one will do.  
 I'll close the door and he'll show up in the back, right?  
 Yeah, that's the rule.  
 I should have known better. 
 Sudden shock is no longer necessary. 
 I should have died.  
 - What's that ghostly thing?  
 - What do you see?  
 That's ridiculous.  
 A . ... ...  
 It's hard to explain  
 A large, human-faced spider with a beak sticking out of its mouth  
 It is... . .   Peters is inside... . .  
 It's like a blend of Peters and spiders.  
 Jesus Christ, Katie, is it you or is it just my imagination?  
 I think it's your hallucination.  
 I'm super confused.   
 God, damn it!  
 Goddamn it, you're so mean.  
 I'm sorry. Can you say that again?  
 Katie, are you there?  
 Goddamn it, Katie.  
 Anyway... ... ... When you get on the line, just say  
 You know I'm not scared, I'm just bored.  
 Is that you?  
 To fix the earphones? 
 This might be a good idea.  
 Damn it!  
 Get off!  
 You're in danger.  
 Sonia?  
 That's more like it.  
 It's amazing.  
 That's a good one.  
 I'm very impressed. ... ...  
 You look so real.  
 You look like her.  
 It's terrible.  
 It's just that... . . it's just... It's a shame you're not  
 - Cooper, what are you doing?  
 - Cooper, you're in danger.  
 - Quiet... . ... I need to think  
 ...you're super real... . .  
 - Cooper, you . . .  
 - Sonia, are you really here?  
 - Are you really here now?   
 - I am real. I am here.  
 We must leave. 
 You must listen to me.  
 How are you here? 
 Do you remember that picture you sent me?  
 I checked it out and apparently Shoyu Saito applied for a patent last year for a computer-brain interaction system.  
 How can you be serious?   I don't... ... ... 
 Well, damn it... ... ...  
 They brought you here.  
 You are true, they brought you here, they want to disturb me, this is a clever trick... ... ...  
 I get it. 
 It's part of the test.  
 His exclusive rights were denied on the spot.   
 They said it was crazy and dangerous.  
 Is that so? How much did they pay you?  
 Really, because you were so good.  
 Cooper, did they give you anything?  
 I'm sorry. I thought you were a fake.  
 But now that I know you're real, I didn't treat you very well.  
 I have some non-alcoholic wine.  
 Maybe it will help us relax a bit.  
 Cooper, what I'd like to do is... . What I want to do is...  
 - Let's go to the kitchen and talk.   
- Cooper.  
 Sonia, take it easy, will you?  
 Give it up. You're showing. Don't act.  
 Listen, Cooper, it's not over.   
 Five people disappeared last year.  
 They're all spectators. They're all registered with that stupid program.  
 Is that right? That's horrible.  
 It doesn't matter what they are doing to you or what they have done to you.  
 It's dangerous. We really should go, Cooper.  
 Okay... . ...  
 - If what you say is true... ... .  
 - Cooper  
 - So how did you find me?  
 - What? How did you know about this place?  
 It's a game company. I found the address.  
 Is that right?  
 No... No. . ... How did you find me here? This place  
 I tracked you - you tracked me?  
 - Yes, with your phone's satellite positioning  
 "Find my friends" function. ... ...seems logical.  
 Seems logical, but they took my phone.  
 and the place is about 1.5 km away about 1.5 km from here.  
 It's a good move. It's brilliant.  
 Stop saying that women are smarter than men. "Different" is wrong.  
 Look, all I'm saying is  
 You should be able to come up with better stories that are funny, or . . ...  
 Okay... ...good... ... Don't be angry  
 Have you ever wondered why your bank account was hacked?  
 What are you doing?  
 I copied your credit card while you were sleeping.  
 Okay, put the knife down. What are you doing with it?  
 I meant for you to find this job.  
 Sonya, will you put down the damn knife?   
 That's not funny.  
 You should have called your mother, Cooper.  
 - But you called me. I led you here.  
 - You know what? 
 - The bread crumb trail  
 Put the knife down.
 Stop right now!  
 Okay. Seriously, put the knife down, Sonia.  
 It's not funny.  
 Put the knife down.  
 That's not what I'm here for.  
 I'm not playing anymore, okay?  
 Fuck it.  
 What the fuck?  
 - Cooper, what's going on?  
 What just happened?  
 What's going on?
 We've been on the phone the whole time.  
 - You haven't answered.  
 - You said I wouldn't feel anything.  
 What do you see? 
 What's in there?  
 - Damn it, she's gone. 
 - Who didn't?  
 Oh, God, I feel it.  
 A knife in my arm.  
 - Into my shoulder.  
 - Cooper, who's been there?  
 - Damn it, Sonia.   
 - Who was it?  
 Sonia, she's the girl I know, the one who deserves to die. . She stabbed me.
 She stabbed me.   
- She took a knife.   
- Nothing can hurt you, Cooper.  
 - No... . ...she's real. She's real.  
 - No, she can't be.  
 She can't be... . ... I've been stabbed 
 I know  
 that nothing you see can hurt you or touch you  
 This is purely an audio-visual effect  
 - There is no physical sensation  
 - Damn it, it's there!  
 - Cooper, you must be calm.   
- I know, because I feel it, you know?  
 I feel her arm, it's hot. I feel her stab me in the shoulder.  
 - This can't be.  
 - It's not possible, Cooper. 
 - It's possible. It's impossible. ...  
 Physical sensation should not occur  
 - unless . . .   - ....
 Except for what?   I don't know. 
 I don't know, but the Internet might find some way to replicate the physical experience  
 - But this is a first.   
 - My goodness, do you know? End the game.  
 I'm out. Get me out of here now. 
  Stop... ... ... Safety code 
 Damn it, stop!  
 - OK . . ... Let's take care of it.   
- Oh, my God!  
 No, I'm getting out of the damn thing right now.  
 Cooper, don't try to take it out yourself.  
 Self-extraction is extremely dangerous.  
 Stop, it could kill you! 
 Stay calm.  
 Is it Kaito?  
 Is it KITTY?
 What did he say? ... ...  
 We'll start unpacking  
 Good news  
 We want you to follow the instructions to the meeting point.  
 A meeting point?
 That's great. 
 Where is the rendezvous point for the damned?  
 - Damn, there are stairs?
 Bato.  
 - One more floor and we're there.  
 - Believe me  
 Turn left at the top  
 - Okay, which door?  
 - The room at the bottom.  
 What's wrong?  
 There must be something behind the door, I can feel it.  
 - It looks like... ... I feel like...  
 - What does it look like?   Some of the worst memories a person can have  
 Like is... . I don't know. I don't know, but I feel like it's digging into my brain.  
 Cooper, open the door.  
 It must be my mother. I don't know, dead.  
 - Your mother?  
 - Hanging on the boom, swinging.   
- Your mother's not in there.  
 You can't control it.  
 It's in my head, it knows everything. ... ...it knows...  
 - It knows.  
 - What does it know?  
 It knows that I have a problem with my mother.  
 Cooper, I assure you she's not in there.  
 - Now go and open the door.  
 This is the only way I can get you out of this.   
 Listen to me. - Okay. ... ... 
 Damn it!  
 Nothing in there can hurt you.  
 But I can't get you out of here until you open the door, Cooper.  
 - Will you please open the door?  
 - Come on. Come on. . Come on...  
 Come on... ... . I'm in the room. 
 Where is the meeting point?  
 The meeting point?  
 - There is no meeting point.   
 - What?  
 I'm playing with you, Cooper.  
 I just wanted to see if you'd been screwed over enough to follow our instructions without question.  
 - It seems to have worked.  
 - No... ... No...   Katie, Bato ... . . Let me out.  
 Katie, let me out, Bato, what the hell?  
 What are you going to do? 
 What are you doing to me?  
 - Why are you doing this?  
 - You thought you'd see your mother.  
 - You should die.   
- What did she look like?  
 Your mother, can you describe her?  
 What was her hair colour?  
 Was she tall, short, fat, thin?  
 Where did you grow up?  
 Which band do you like best? 
 What is your favourite flavour of ice cream?  
 What is the name of the girl who stabbed you?  
 You don't know any of these things, do you?  
 Don't you think it's strange?  
 - It's robbing me of my memory.   
- Strictly speaking, it's reinventing  
 - Damn it - look at the mirror behind you!  
 Do you recognise yourself?  
 Do you know who you are looking at?  
 Soon you will be nothing.   
 You'll be just like your father.  
 - Shut up. ... ...  
 - That's what you're afraid of, isn't it?  
 - You're following in his footsteps.  
 Shut up... . ...  
 - You're not going anywhere.  
 - Shut up. . .  
 You should have called your mother. 
 She's all you have  
 - You abandoned her.   
 Get out of my head  
 You'll never see your mother again  
 You'll never go anywhere. You're forgotten.  
 You deserve it. You should have called her. Get out of my head!  
 Cooper, I'm going to shut down, okay?   
 I just need to connect.  
 Where am I?  
 Who are you?  
 I can't stop it.  
 I don't know who I am 
 That's why I'm going home  
 The information in this profile spreads like roots 
 They are rooted deeper than expected  
 I can't stop it.  
 I can't take it out, I can't stop it.  
 But I don't know who I am  
 I don't know who I am  
 I don't know who I am  
 On behalf of the KITTY TOURISM team, I would like to extend my deepest apologies to you.  
 Who are you?
 What have you done to me?  
 - What have you done to me?   
- Put him with the others  
 Just for a second  
 He's either hyper-sensitive to the system or the software is overpowering.  
 In 5 milliseconds, it jumped from 0 to 180,000.  
 This experience was even stronger than expected, Mr. Cooper.  
 We hope you will forgive us  
 All luggage is under the front seat 
 Please turn off and secure all electronic devices now as they may interfere with the flight and communication systems.  
 Mum?  
 I have to call him.  
 Why is Cooper leaving?  
 - I... I ... I...  
 - Mum, I'm here.  
 - I'm right here, Mom.  
 - I had to call Cooper.  
 I have to call to make sure he's okay.  
 I had to call him... . ...  
