There is a gentleman downstairs . . .
make him wait for mrs hudson
he is very urgent
slow down
i have to apologize
I 'm a little tired
I 'm a doctor and I ask you to relax and wait until you eat before talking
thanks
If only I could have a cookie and a glass of milk
I 'm sure I 'll be fine soon
Mrs Hudson is cooking now
please . . . please forgive my weakness
I really have to . . .
Mr. Holmes
Master of Arts at your service
Tetsugaku Hiroshi
Principal of Abbey School
It 's not every day that Dr. Huckstubb
There are victims like you lying on the rug in front of my fireplace
I want to guess what wind brought you here
So I took the liberty to search your body, I hope you can forgive me
Oh yes yes of course
please sit
your watch
For at least 30 years, every second was suddenly scratched this morning
Just when you shove those coins into your vest pocket without thinking
Lifetime habits are forgotten
Maybe it 's just a small incident but I think it 's a quivering needle from some angle
Maybe it 's a sign of an earthquake. Your beard and stubble show that your daily habits have been seriously affected.
Has it been three days?
Yes, sir
yes sir sir holmes i beg you to follow me up north to mccleton at once
at stake
oh sorry
Mr. Watson and I are extremely busy at the moment
I 'm busy myself with the 'Ferrer Papers' case
And Dr. Watson told me that the recent scarlet fever epidemic has kept him busy.
And of course there 's a trial for the Abel Cavenny murder.
Now only very serious problems can let us go
'Major' sir?
Did you mean 'major' ?
You must have heard of the Duke of Hednes?
The former cabinet minister ?
Not only this Watson
He has so many titles that it takes up almost half of the alphabet
Is one of the king 's greatest subjects Hi Dr. Huckstub ?
One of the greatest and richest men
I 'm proud to say he 's still my neighbor
Hednes Mansion - - - His country house is just across the valley from the Abbey College.
The Duke is a very lonely man
He 's terrified of the public getting to the bottom of it, but he 's terribly worried about it. In order to see it resolved, he 's willing to offer £5,000 and a £1,000 reward to get the bad guys caught.
it 's so important
Great pay for Dr. Huckstubb
But you haven 't mentioned the case yet
oh excuse me
The Duke 's only son, Lord Saltaire, has been kidnapped!
Kidnapped at Abbey College?
yes
under your care ?
Did the kidnapping happen three days ago?
last saturday night
Then why did you wait so long to find me?
The duke was very concerned that his family 's misfortunes would be made public
The Duke asked the police to exercise caution - and they did . . .
- I understand
This thing was handled badly
I also felt that I was wrong to admit it
How is the ransom offered?
No ransom offered
No ransom?
No
This is one of the most confusing parts of this incident because the boy didn 't run away alone
Mr. Heidegger also disappeared with our German teacher
By the way, his bike is actually gone.
If he kidnapped the boy, why hasn 't he received any ransom demand yet?
Heidegger came from Switzerland and brought his best references
Are there any other bikes missing?
Oh no
Are you sure ?
yes Mr. Aveline checked all the bikes
Dr. Huckstubb, do you mean that the German teacher walked away on a bicycle late at night with the boy in his arms?
Do not
So what 's your opinion on this?
Cycling may be just a cover up
He probably hid the bike somewhere and the two walked away
No doubt he could have hidden a few bikes if he wanted to make that impression.
I think so
Of course he can do it Dr. Huxtub Your claim about 'covering up' doesn 't hold water
But for the investigation
It 's a good start, Watson, can you call a carriage at once?
Now Sherlock Holmes ?
Everyone, pack your bags
We still have enough time to catch the night train from Simpancras
Dr. Huckstubb, I 'm going to do some research with you
Maybe there are still clues that old hounds like me and Watson can sniff out
I suppose it would be a great honour for you to have Sir Saltaire at your school ?
Mr. Holmes that was published after Blackwell
After the book 'Hackstub 's Views on Horace' (Horace: The Ancient Roman Poet Literary Critic) I am most proud of the moment. This book was quite successful at the time.
you may have heard
No
How old is that boy ?
nine years old
How long have you been studying at your place?
The winter semester begins as soon as the school starts
An unusual boy seems to be adjusting well
he uh . . .
what 's wrong ?
What I 'm trying to say is that he 's not very happy at home
The Duke 's Married Life Was Not Peaceful
His marriage ended in separation last year by mutual consent
The Duchess returns to Venice to live in her father 's mansion
How did you know all this about the duke 's marriage?
Is it a well-known fact?
I 've had several private conversations with Mr. Wilder. He 's the duke 's secretary.
he was very helpful
I think you should have made sure that the boy did not go to Italy to return to his mother?
oh yes
Yes I can 't express . . . Mr. Holmes . . . - I feel so relieved . . .
- Watson?!
- here we come! - Mr. to feed you
Mrs. Hudson, how did you guess?
Experience dictates Mr. Holmes
uh doc and dr can have a hearty meal in the car
The air in the Badlands is exhilarating and even I might find myself having a better appetite for a few days
I think I would be right to say that Abbey is the prep school of choice in the UK
Lord Levastoke Sir Cathcart Soames, Earl of Blackwater
sent their sons to me
You can 't see Hednes House from here, but you can see it clearly from the tower of the chapel
I 'm going to start investigating from the boy 's room
Did his father write it?
Arrived the morning he disappeared
Has he received any letters from Italy?
no recent
Where is his father 's letter now?
can 't find it
The letter should have been on the boy when he was kidnapped
Who lives in the next room?
- - I 'm sorry you don 't have to be polite - - I dare say I know this guy
Even the thunder and lightning can make you sleep soundly
he won 't sir
Really? Why?
There 's a Mr. Mouse in the wall, Mr.
woke us both up sir sometimes sir
mouse ?
Then any sound from Lord Saltaire 's room . . .
uh that door squeaky mr
We can always hear the door
Did you hear anything the night he disappeared?
no sir
Can 't even hear the cry
cry ?
Yes, sir
he sometimes weeps mr
sometimes sir
thank you kids
Didn 't find anything on the ground?
not found
The traces are gone
headmaster !
headmaster !
The Duke of Hednes has come to the Headmaster
Thank you Mr. Aveline
Mr Holmes ?
Ok
The Duke is waiting, Mr. Holmes
Saying this is useless
Lord Duke
Mr Wilder
I called you yesterday, Dr. Huckstubb
But it 's too late to stop you from leaving for London
The Duke is surprised by Dr. Huxtab
I didn 't expect you to invite Mr. Holmes to investigate without first asking the adults.
uh i think the police are helpless . . .
Of course the police . . . are definitely not powerless
Yes but Mr Wilder . . .
You must have noticed how eagerly Lord Dr. Hackstubb is to avoid public gossip
He wished as few people knew about it as possible
I 'm sorry Mr Wilder
It 's easy to remedy
Mr. Holmes can take the early bus back to London
Absolutely not absolutely not
I love your cool northern air
I plan to spend at least a few days in your wasteland
Who knows, maybe at least Mr. Heidegger 's bike, if nothing else.
It 's no small matter Mr. Holmes
I 'm glad you don 't think that way, my lord
Mr. Holmes, if you have anything to say
I 'm afraid I didn 't get it
Your only son is missing
Your hopes, your future, and your noble family are threatened with disillusionment
what do you mean. . . ?
I 'd like to ask the grown-ups compared to your son 's life or his reputation
What 's the point of being cautious?
But maybe the answer is what is continuation without glory?
But I believe you are still largely correct Mr. Holmes
If you 're referring to me restricting the actions of the police, maybe I 'm exerting too much influence on them
I have a morbid fear of public attention
James, since Mr. Holmes is here, it would be stupid if we didn 't ask him for help.
Mr Holmes ?
grown ups ?
Perhaps you would like to come and live with us at Hednes House?
Thank you sir, but I think it would be wiser for me to stay at the scene of the mystery in order to investigate
whatever you want
Either Mr Wilder or myself will give you the help you need
May I ask if you have any thoughts on your son 's mysterious disappearance?
no sir no
He is a good boy Mr. Holmes
How long has he been in your class?
Since the day he came here
Does he often talk about his family?
not often talked about
I think the way he misses his mother and his father makes him a little resentful
Did he talk about the separation of the duke and duchess?
No
It 's a bit mysterious
Boys insist they love each other very much
Don 't you think he 's comforting himself?
No, he 's a very honest kid
Oh but his family is not very honest
I 've been told they were members of the Hellfire Club (The Slutty Atheist Youth Club)
I suppose you don 't know what time Mr. Heidegger went back to his room the night he disappeared?
Not very clear, but it 's late
after eleven o 'clock
He was the teacher on duty that night
I think he can ride a bicycle, right?
yes oh yes
Has Lord Saltaire ever rode with him?
I haven 't learned to keep my balance without him
I don 't think you happen to know the brand of Mr. Heidegger 's bicycle tires?
of course I know
A lovely bike from Brightman
The tires are Palmer, you know, the kind with stripes on the tread.
I know
thanks
you helped a lot
you 're welcome mr holmes
Dinner starts at eight o 'clock
Sorry
Holmes ?
I 've come to like this case, Watson.
There are a few things in this case that are really interesting
look at this map
There are certain geological features that are very relevant to our investigation
This black square is Abbey College
This is a road with no forks within a mile on either side.
The north side of the school is slowly rising
To the south is a large arable land with many high walls and hedgerows.
Insurmountable for a driver
Oh what did you find in Oakburn?
Police have received reports from all over the place of seeing a man with a boy
They concluded their investigation of this place early this morning
What 's the result?
got nothing
The characteristics of the reported subject did not match the boy nor the German teacher
great
A large number of false eyewitness reports Watson justify my suspicions
I don 't think they 're off the beaten path
It 's definitely right to look in secluded places
I don 't think they took the road at all
But what about bicycles?
A good driver is Watson who does not need a good road
The wasteland is divided into blocks by trails
I remember it was a full moon that night
The man we 're looking for is just north
You did a good job Watson
It 's going to be dinner soon, you 'll be glad to hear it, but I have one more thing to figure out
Mr. Heidegger 's room
just ten minutes
Dr. Holmes is working on the origins of the Hednes family
Like many ancient families, their history of fortune is not very clean
Isn 't it clean, doctor?
Uh, don 't be overly sensitive, they 're some cattle thieves
Very brave, resourceful and daring but their first fortune came from other people 's cattle
Sherlock Holmes even told me that Hednes had been awarded the title of crazy member of the Hellfire Club
What 's the matter with you, Dr. Huckstubb?
nothing
something obviously happened
I think my expectations are too high
It 's a part-time job after all.
Say what you expect
I don 't expect miracles
I don 't think I 'm one to ask for a miracle . . . but you found nothing
Haven 't noticed anything since we left London
Although this statement is actually not correct
You 've discovered two things, but they 're all nonsense
One is a dirty gossip, the other is a slanderous imagining of the family origins of my great client.
Mr. Holmes, I did not hire you here to discredit the Hednes family.
calm down dr
In fact, we have found
I can describe to you in detail what happened at this school that disastrous night
And what your excellent and loyal German teacher did
Was Heidegger loyal?
What did you say sir?
Mr. Heidegger went back to his room just after eleven o 'clock to rest.
He was the teacher on duty that night
Now my friend and colleague Dr. Watson will simulate his actions
Heidegger was on duty for two hours that night and another hard day during the day
He decided to let himself relax and took off his coat
Then he went to the cupboard by the door and poured himself a glass of sherry
He desperately needs a drink for the next mission
He picks up the candle and sits at the table, correcting 2 2 assignments which include not only grammar exercises but also a lengthy essay
You know what I 'm talking about Dr. Huckstubb
if he didn 't do anything else
His candle should go out just after midnight
The candles are in the cabinet by the door
He got up from the table to get another candle but it was dark and he couldn 't find the candle
So instead he went to the window and opened the curtains to see better in the moonlight
The boy on the roof of the tower across from the gate is waiting for the moon to dim and he knows no one will see him flee
Mr. Heidegger watched the boy rush across the ridge to the river for a pre-determined appointment
He senses that what 's going on matters
Heidegger ran to the door just to knock over the rest of his sherry glass
I understand
thanks
Looks like I misread you
It wasn 't a wise choice for him to go after the boy
I think he 's dead
please excuse mr holmes
you mean . . .
I hope not but I do have to worry about him if my reasoning is correct
What about the child?
Doctor 's clue
just outside
On the other side of the Zhuo Fu Bridge
poor beast
Raven
They ruined their reputations so let 's assume that boys are taken away on horseback, right?
That 's right
Otherwise Heidegger wouldn 't need a bicycle to chase him
But we only find cow tracks, Sherlock Holmes
Sherlock Holmes? Sherlock Holmes?
A rut Watson!
a rut
Is it a bicycle?
A bike, of course, but not that bike
I am familiar with 42 different bicycle tire tracks
This is a Dunlop tire with a patched tire cover.
Heidegger 's tires are Palmer
This isn 't Heidegger 's rut, whose rut is that?
Who is it?
Watson !
These are the wheels of Palmer that Heidegger walked this way
so unusual
Dunlop 's rut ​​extends 150 yards
Then all of a sudden it 's gone and the Palmer 's wheel is pretty clear it 's leading to these rocks but they 're gone too
And there 's no sign of a horse anywhere
Watson, your ability to see the obvious is remarkable.
I should have brought some lunch
What the hell is Mr. Heidegger chasing?
A herd?
They couldn 't have kidnapped the boy onto the cow 's back, could they?
All horse tracks are erased
It 's obvious that the two bikes just disappeared.
impossible
It 's impossible because we got it wrong
So in some ways we must be wrong
There is a sign for a hotel on the other side of the wasteland
Sherlock Holmes has a hotel on Chesterfield Road
yes if we go down this route we 'll go to the hotel
uh i wanna try my luck there
I 'm hungry
Holmes ?
Lunch, of course, dear friend, you must be starving
Look at the map now
You 'll see a hotel three miles away in this direction
If we 're going to face Duke Hednes next, we 'll have to eat
No gain?
I got nothing I have to tell the adults
No gain?
got nothing
I regret
I regret
locked
These forged portraits are rough but expressive
Mr. Ruben Hayes ?
How do you know my name ?
It 's printed on the door
we want to find something to eat
Really ?
We 'd be grateful if you could find us something to eat
Really ?
yes
you have to ask that woman
nasty guy
If we have to make it all the way back to Hednes House this afternoon
Then hire a few horses
what do you think ?
How far are you going to ride them?
Just go to the ducal mansion and come back I said you know the way, right?
I worked there for 15 years
Well you can ride them
I said Mr. Hayes, did you hurt yourself?
it doesn 't matter
I 'm a doctor, and I assure you that the injury is still serious.
you should see a doctor
How did you get hurt?
one of my dogs did it
those are scratches
What 's wrong ?
Uh, take a closer look and you 'll see they 're so far apart
What animal can cause such scratches?
Maybe a descendant of the 'Champion Jack' (the rooster on the sign)
Cockfighting has been banned by law for 50 years
many things are prohibited by law
What 's the law in a place like this?
Oh great Mrs Hayes thank you
What are you cooking?
blood pudding (a type of sausage) sugar and grains
How about Watson ?
disgusting holmes
That woman . . . she 's afraid of something more than her husband
one after another deception
What are you trying to hide?
cheat ?
Oh Watson
my horse is lame
so strange
Horseshoes are old nails but new
Gentlemen
Lord wants to see you now
Mr Oh Wilder
Mr. Holmes, Dr. Watson, welcome to Hednes House
adults will be here soon
We have high expectations for your talents Mr. Holmes
Did you bring any news?
I just have one thing to figure out
What is Mr. Holmes?
This concerns the Duke 's vital concerns
As an adult 's personal secretary maybe I can help
I think the lord wrote a letter to his son on the day of the incident
Not the day before the incident
Yes, but the letter arrived on the day of the incident.
yes very likely
Is it possible that there was something in the letter that prompted the boy to flee?
oh i guess no
Anyway, if he wants to escape, he is escaping back here.
Or to his mother in Italy?
no sir
Even the German who instigated him, Lord Saltaire would realize
That 's impossible. He 's a smart and practical boy
But he will cry when he sleeps
Do adults send letters in person? Adults do not have the habit of sending letters
I put that letter on the desk along with the other letters by myself.
The only other person with access to the letter is Reeves, who is responsible for delivering the daily mail to the reception room
Are you sure that letter is in it?
oh yes
I noticed what you found, Mr. Holmes?
How is your investigation going?
Are you planning to disappoint me?
I hope to make adults happier and I can also be a little richer
So what did you find?
Mainly there are some issues that need to be clarified
I think a pre-appointment lured the boy out of school and I suspect his mom was used as bait
German teacher found him gone and went out to chase
We had a hard time finding his bike rut in the wasteland
It 's like all traces . . . were erased on purpose by someone . . .
Mr Holmes ?
someone who drives the herd
Did you know that the herds of cattle in the wasteland . . .
What happened to the herd?
I hope you didn 't see the herd
The climate of our highlands is not suitable for wild cattle herding in winter
They will have to wait at least two weeks before leaving the stall
Then I 'm really blind
thank you sir
Old shoes, new nails!
Old shoes, new nails!
Sherlock Holmes, you should see this!
Impressive indeed! Studding horses with hoof prints!
Have you seen those horseshoes?
Saw the men who took Lord Saltaire staple their horses with different horseshoes to evade tracking
Ruben Hayes draws on a piece of local history
bad watson bad
The bald eagle to the north points the way
German teacher
See what 's left of his body!
Hello !
Hello !
skin and blood
Only with a microscope can you tell if it belongs to humans or not
This is undoubtedly consistent with the scratches on Hayes ' neck.
Oh yes what is the cause of death?
strangle
The throat is broken
The shepherd can help us bring the news to the convent to tell them the sad news
we have to walk watson
I was only one step away!
In that bar it 's like a kid guessing a riddle!
But every step I take, I deviate from the clues
How do I know where to put the body!
it 's over Arthur
Ruben Hayes
Hope it 's not too late
Dunlop tires have patches on them
What 's going on here, Mrs. Hayes?
I 'm glad your disapproval of this is out of coercion
someone picked up the boy
Mr. Wilder, the duke 's secretary?
Which way did they go?
Cross the wasteland?
On Chesterfield Park to their hideout
Great Mrs Hayes
I must marry Watson who warned the duke
You are now the boy 's guardian angel
I saw the grown-up 's checkbook on the table
I would be very grateful if you could write me a cheque for £6,000
It would be better if you crossed it (crossed check: bank transfer only)
City and Country Bank Oxford Street Branch is my correspondent bank
It 's not my personality, Mr. Holmes
I 'm sorry but I don 't understand that James is Mr. Wilder
How could you be involved in this incident and you have no evidence of it?
But I just have the evidence and it 's hard evidence
The mud on the horseshoes in your showcase isn 't dry yet
Why do you doubt my words?
you seem confused
Your interests will be ruined by your irrationality
Portraits of you and your young father in the hall of the adults
have distinct family characteristics
How long has Mr. Wilder been with you?
what do you mean by that ?
How dare you do this!
You don 't understand at all!
You are a rude person!
You never . . . please leave now!
I won 't. . .
I. . .
then my suspicion is correct
Mr James Wilder is your son
Mr. Holmes when I was very young
I 'm in love, the kind of love that 's only once in my life
I proposed to the lady and she turned me down on the grounds that such a marriage would destroy my career
Of course I wouldn 't marry someone else if she was alive, but she died
Leaving only one child, James, for her I raised and nurtured this child
I can 't publicly acknowledge our father-son relationship but in every other respect I still treat him as a biological son
He asked me several times for my Father 's forgiveness . . . but couldn 't get his assurance and I forgave
forgive again
forgive too many times
Oh my lord has done his best for Mr Wilder
You should realize that he doesn 't care about your words
He plotted to kidnap Lord Saltaire
No matter how unintentionally wrong
He is always an accomplice in a murder and he must be found! Before he attempts a more serious crime
Must find him! Before you lose your only son
Reeves ?
you go to organize a search of the wasteland
Follow the forest on the west side from the temple to the pavilion
Call everyone in the house and don 't leave
You go to find my son, Lord Saltaire
If you find Mr. Wilder, please keep him and bring him back to me
Wilder intercepted your letter and wrote another note to replace the letter in it to deceive your son into believing he would meet his mother
The murderer Hayes was an accomplice he paid for, but the police have been notified
Hayes can 't escape
Watson ?
I followed them to the wasteland but they were gone
I searched the whole area but they 're like being swallowed by the earth
I looked into your family history
I seem to remember mentioning a huge limestone cave that was used to store stolen cattle
Daikyodo!
hurry up !
quick !
give him to me
No! You won 't get him!
- Father! - Come on, Father!
Father !
Father !
James !
I love Francesca not a boyish mania but a manly love
My marriage to her attracted the jealousy of James
In him I can see his mother 's face and demeanor
James knows he can stop me from loving my wife
Despite his ruthless treatment of Arthur
I still can 't get him out of here.
So instead I sent Arthur away
What was he trying to achieve by kidnapping his brother?
money ?
legal status ?
also have power
have power over me
He was very proud to be above me and he knew it was me who refused to give him power
But you suspected he was the mastermind behind the kidnapping?
I thought about it when I was most gloomy
Yet somehow I still hope to save him
Uh, it 's like a long atonement
My only hope is that Francesca will forgive me
thank you mr holmes
grown ups. . .
It 's a king 's ransom (the check is high)
you gave me my future back
Bohemian Scandal
I got you!
You see actually... .
But ma 'am!
go and close the window john
Sherlock Holmes always called her 'the woman' the beautiful Irene Adler in his vague memory
At the beginning of the Erin Adler case
Sherlock Holmes and I have lived together on Baker Street for several years
At that time, I stayed abroad for a few days to practice medicine before coming back.
Usually after some time away from Sherlock Holmes
I need to get used to his weird temper.
Oh !
oh hello mrs hudson
Dr. Watson is almost soaking wet looking at you!
yeah it 's nothing
I stood there for 20 minutes in the rain waiting for a carriage
It 's not good for your old wounds, damp doc
I know
Leave the coat and hat to me and I 'll dry it for you
Mrs Hudson, I haven 't eaten all day.
It would be great if dinner could be delivered sooner.
It 's hard to say. I don 't know what happened to Mr. Holmes. It 's like taking gun medicine.
I can 't bring dinner up until he calls me
this is his order
thank you mrs hudson
my dear holmes
What was the injection tonight? Morphine or cocaine?
I can highly recommend a 7% cocaine solution to you
Do you want to try it ?
I don 't try it!
What I 'm going to say is not just from a friend 's standpoint but from a doctor 's standpoint
How can you ruin your extraordinary talent for just a moment of pleasure?!
I can 't tell you how it made my brain clear and excited
Yes, it will also destroy your brain!
If there 's nothing to do, my brain will rebel
Give me problems, give me work, give me the most esoteric ciphers, the most complex analysis, so I 'm most comfortable
No need for artificial stimulation
I hate plain life so much
I 'm after mental excitement
So I chose this special profession and it can be said that I created this profession, after all, I am the only person in the world who is engaged in this profession
The only private detective?
The only private consulting detective
I don 't take credit
The joy of the work itself that enables my special energies to be used is my supreme reward
you can close that drawer
You are wrong doctor!
Here 's what excites me
I hope you have a good time when you go abroad
good for your appetite
Speaking of which, I really wish you could order dinner.
What 's this ?
That 's right, I have to get ready for guests.
This was delivered this morning
tell me what you think
No date nor signature and address
good you read it out loud
'Dear Mr. Holmes'
' I will visit at 7:30 tonight' ' Visit . . . '
God, only a few minutes left, Sherlock Holmes
keep reading
'I have something of the utmost importance' 'I intend to discuss with you'
' Your Excellency has recently made a statement for the European royal family ' ' Entrusting Your Excellency to undertake . . . ' ' . . . An indescribable event . . . '
' . . . reliable enough' 'This kind of reputation is well-known everywhere' 'Don 't go out then'
Really . . it 's such a mysterious thing
What do you think this means?
I don 't have any facts that can be used as evidence
It 's a big no-no to speculate before that.
Ok
But can you infer anything from the note itself?
It should be some gentleman 's handwriting
very good
He 's probably pretty rich
This paper should be expensive
Paper is particularly strong and crisp
Especially these two words
This is not a piece of paper made in England at all
You lift it up and look at the light
Ah, an uppercase E, a lowercase g, an uppercase P and G intertwined with a lowercase t
Do you know what it means ?
maker 's stamp
Alright Watson!
Come !
Let 's ask this Continental Place Names Dictionary
This is a cigar for you, you see, it 's not that I don 't miss you coming back
Oh Sherlock Holmes!
Would you like a whisky? Maybe some for dinner later?
This is Papier G esellschaft 's print which means 'paper mill' in German
As for E g . . . E glow . . . E glonitz with E gria this is a German-speaking part of Bohemia with its glass factories and
Paper mills lined with famous Bohemia Kingdom of Bohemia
It 's a German who wrote this note
Statements like 'this kind of reputation' and 'famous reputation' are only Germans who use verbs like this
The guest to come is a German from Bohemia
He came to a carriage drawn by two horses
Watson 's case, if nothing else, at least makes money.
Sherlock Holmes, I think your client will want me to leave
Wherever you are, doctor, you stay here!
I 'd be overwhelmed without my own Boswell (Boswell: assistant to British writer Samuel Jonson)
But he seems to want to keep it a secret.
I might need your help he might as well
You just sit in this armchair and listen to us
he came
I 'm sorry, sir, but you can 't rush around like that!
Mr. Holmes does not accept any unscheduled visits!
Oh sorry Mr Holmes!
I can 't stop him!
Never mind Mrs Hudson!
- please go downstairs - all right
- Bring it home - of course
thanks
Did you receive the note I wrote?
Yes please take a seat!
This is my friend and colleague, Dr. Watson, who often helps me with cases!
hello your Excellency
May I ask what should I call you?
You can call me Count Vonkram I 'm a bohemian nobleman
I 'd rather talk to you alone
Talk about the two together or not
You can talk to me about anything you can talk to me in front of this gentleman
Well, then I 'll take your word for it. He 's a trustworthy and prudent man.
But first I have to promise you two absolute confidentiality for two years
yes ?
In two years it won 't matter
At present it is so important that it may influence the course of European history as a whole
I promise to comply
me too
Do you care about this mask?
The gentleman who sent me doesn 't want you to know who he sent
I can admit that what I just said is not my real title
I know
The situation is delicate and we must take every precaution to prevent it from turning into a major scandal
lest a European royal family be battered, frankly it will implicate the great Olmstein family
Hereditary King of Bohemia I know that too . . . Your Majesty
you are right. . .
i am the king
Why should I hide it?
Hmm really?
Before Your Majesty spoke, I knew that I was going with
Wilhelm. Gusrich. Sigmund. von Olmstein
The Hereditary King of Bohemia, Archduke of Cassel, talked
You are also the best duelist in Europe
Killed four opponents
fair and just
certainly
Simply put it 's like this
what !
When I visited Warsaw for a long time about ten years ago
Meet the famous female adventurer
Erin Adler
No doubt you are familiar with the name
please help me look up her watson in the index
So my inference is that Your Majesty has something to do with this lady. You wrote her a few letters that would hurt you, and now you are eager to get those letters back.
not bad
How did you know that?
Italy. . .
Ah Adler . . . Erin . . . 1858 NJ
Is that this one? New Jersey, let me see
Singer alto has retired from the opera stage and now lives in London
Occasionally appearing as a guest at concerts is her
Have you ever secretly married her?
No legal documents or proofs?
No
Then I don 't understand your majesty
If the young woman wanted to use the letters for blackmail or other purposes, how could she prove that the letters were genuine?
my handwriting
Bah! Fake
my personal letterhead
stolen
Forged from my own seal
My Photos
bought
Both of us are in that photo
Oh god, god, god
Well that 's bad
Your Majesty 's life is indeed very indiscreet.
She 's so beautiful, charming, smart and brave
I was just a crown prince
Still very young !
I 'm only thirty now
Of course Your Majesty has tried to take back that photo?
Tried but failed
Your Majesty must pay
Buy the photo, she won 't sell it
then steal it
We 've tried it five times
Twice I paid thieves to search her house
We swapped her luggage once while she was traveling
Two more times we 've robbed her
But got nothing
How dare you laugh at me?!
This is a very serious matter!
yes very serious indeed
So what is she going to do with the photo, she doesn 't want money
destroy me
What kind of destruction?
i 'm getting married soon
I heard about it
I will marry the second daughter of the King of Scandinavia, Princess Krotilde Rosmann von Sachs-Meeningen
good combination
yes you probably know their strict house rules
She herself is a very sensitive person
As long as there is even the slightest doubt about my behavior, this marriage will fall through
And what about Erin Adler?
Threats to send them the photo
And she would do that
Her personality is tough as steel
She has the face of the most beautiful woman and the heart of the most resolute man
As long as I marry another woman she can do anything!
Your Majesty, why is she so persistent?
Oh we talked about getting married
Ha! She doesn 't understand it 's impossible!
Are you sure she hasn 't sent the picture out yet?
I 'm sure
Why? Probably the photo is on the way now
Because she said she was going to give the photo away on the day the engagement was announced.
that is next monday
But I have to leave London on Friday to prepare for the ceremony
Oh then we have three days
I 'm so lucky because I have other things on my hands at the moment.
Where does His Majesty temporarily live in London?
The name used by the Langham Inn is remembered by the Earl of Vonkram.
of course
What about the cost?
Here are £300 gold coins and £700 notes
Where 's Miss Erin Adler 's address? Good night Your Majesty
Trust me to bring you good news soon
Holmes, we can go to Romano for dinner, but it 's only three days until Friday.
Oh it has to be done by Friday
There will be Tchaikovsky himself performing his compositions in St. James 's Auditorium
do not miss it !
must be done by friday
dear watson i want to think alone
You are hungry ?
right
Mrs Hudson would be happy to bring you a sandwich
Sandwiches? Let 's talk tomorrow afternoon
Good night
Easier than doing it, buddy?
what ?
Just watch without practice
I can exchange with you anytime if you want
what are you doing ?
first class groom for eight weeks
yes ?
You can help me if you want
I see you 're quite honest, why not?
Anyway, the wine money has to be handed over to the family.
you want to make money
Go saddle the horse and let us see how you are
I spent a few hours with the grooms
Miss Erin Adler made all the men in the area bow down under her pomegranate skirt
She is the prettiest woman in the world
She lives a peaceful life every day at five o 'clock in the afternoon and goes home at seven o 'clock for dinner
She lives in a reclusive world except for singing
She only dated one man and was very close
He came to see her at least once a day, often twice
He is Mr Goffrey Norton, who lives in the inner city of Temple.
Deal with the driver and see the benefits
Mr. Goffrey Norton is a lawyer and that 's the point
Maybe not so good
Why does he keep coming to see her?
Is she his client friend or mistress? If she is the client
She probably gave him the photo to keep
If she 's a mistress the gentleman probably doesn 't even know
she started singing
The voice is ethereal and moving Watson
What followed was a series of events that I didn 't expect was a person who I thought was Mr. Goffrey Norton.
wait for me
go and call your master a carriage
leave now
Go to Santa Monica Church on Edgewell Road
Get there at least 5 minutes before 12
That is, if you arrive within 20 minutes, you will be rewarded with half a gold coin.
She is indeed a beauty, Watson 's beauty is enough to make men fall
A face that makes a man fall in love . . . never heard you describe someone like that, Sherlock Holmes
I 'm just a metaphor. Watson is nothing else.
I was about to catch up with the wagon and jump on it when another one came in the back.
The driver looked and looked at my poor appearance but I jumped into the car before he refused and showed him a handful of gold coins and promised him a reward if he could get to St. Maurice in 20 minutes Nika Church
I don 't think I 've ever ridden a carriage so fast
But the other two came first.
Listen I 'm very, very sorry Mr Norton but I . . .
God it 's almost noon
It won 't work if it 's too late
I could have brought in a nasty priest but I didn 't feel the need to let them know and sent them out for a drink
Oh my goodness!
Goffrey
You are what you come here buddy!
Yes it is you!
It won 't be legal in a few minutes!
Come on, man, come on!
take this and do as he says
will give you money
Ah, there are witnesses
The ceremony can continue
Dear friends and relatives, we testify before God that this sacrament of marriage between a man and a woman is very precious. Marriage is an oracle that God established at the beginning of the world, alluding to the union of Christ and the church.
I r e n a
you persuaded me now allow me to persuade you
I will see you tomorrow
tomorrow morning
I love you
John
Hey, You !
come here bro
come over
Goffrey let me come
Sir, I want to thank you for your miraculous presence when we needed you
It 's my luck that you 've been by my side
I 'm not in a hurry anyway, ma 'am
Hope you can accept this
No need to tip me at all, Mrs.
Oh sir, why don 't you take this as a little souvenir
She gave me a pound of gold
this one
What a complete surprise!
I 'm going to put it on a watch chain to commemorate this encounter
What now ?
during the ceremony
I thought my plan was over
If this pair gets out of here at once, I 'll have to take the quickest and most vigorous measures possible.
But when he left the church he took the car back to Temple and she went back to her place, which gave me enough time to arrange
How to say ?
Doctor, I need your courage and tact
I am glad to !
Are you not afraid of breaking the law?
Not at all
Aren 't you afraid of being arrested?
I 'm not afraid of noble goals
Oh, this goal couldn 't be more noble
then i 'm yours
Very good
Now . . . Now the question is . . .
Sherlock Holmes, you are very well dressed!
The question at hand is where are we going to find that photo
That place has been stolen twice
She 's so smart she can 't steal it
she is a wonderful woman
Those people must have thoroughly searched
But they don 't know how to find it!
How do you find a way?
i don 't find it at all
What to do then?
I want her to show me the picture
But she won 't do it
she has no choice
ah coming soon
Let 's walk the rest of the way
you know how
Raise your hand and I will act
Meet at the designated location in ten minutes
She is coming
this will not work
I came first
it 's my lady who opened the door
It 's not him, it 's not me!
You two get out of the way!
let me go !
Opening the door for the lady is a legitimate way of earning a living, Mr.
You can 't let us run out of money, can you?
Ler me get through
You let go of my groom!
He actually stole food from my mouth!
If I pay you back, you 're a bastard
Oh no, no, no more fights, please stop fighting, please, please!
Madam, I will protect you!
stop you and you stop
back !
Look what you all did!
he died !
Run, man, can 't you wait for the police to pick you up!
He 's still breathing, but he 's beaten hard enough
I 'm so sorry ma 'am
you 've done a great job john
Is he seriously injured?
It 's just a skin injury, but it needs to be dealt with quickly
Can 't let him lie on the street
carry him into the house
ok sir
oh you wake up
thank goodness you are a brave man
come here wilroth
no no no you go back
Let me personally take care of this friend who came to the rescue
sir look at me
oh it would scare the lady
my brave dear friend
No, no, I won 't allow myself to do this
Thank you
give me a piece of gauze
as you said
I 'm a little relieved to see that you 're not seriously hurt
Well, the wound is actually very shallow, and the concussion is nothing.
so strange
what does madam mean?
Why are so many people gathered all of a sudden?
Madam, that gang of homeless people is a group that has already negotiated to rob you of your belongings.
So many people just to grab a small handbag
Oh no, dear friend
Even the criminal 's wife doesn 't look curious but scary
oh sorry i seem a little dizzy
Get some fresh air!
Willrot open the window!
Take another glass of water
Are there smelling salts?
Madam, where do I smell the fire
what ?
It 's on fire, it 's on fire!
It 's on fire, it 's on fire!
Is it on fire?
Come out with me, ma 'am!
I 'll take care of this old gentleman!
I can 't breathe
is fake !
It 's a false alarm look!
This is a prank is . . . give them a shout out!
on fire !
Did you hear the false alarm?
No need to call the fire alarm!
What is this ?
It 's a plumber 's smoke bomb lady. I have a congregation that 's a plumber.
He said that after lighting it up and throwing it into the tube, you can see where the tube is cracked.
no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
The smoke will dissipate automatically
you said it was a prank
Who would do this to me?
gang member chanting madam
But why?
I 've run away
for revenge
revenge ?
Are there such evil people?
Some people in this world madam will take revenge as their reward
I can 't imagine this mentality
I believe a lady you can 't even imagine
I feel better now
I 'm leaving, please stay for something to eat
Uh, there 's a congregation waiting for me
Then let my carriage take you away?
Oh no no fresh air will make me better at least tell me your name and address and I 'll reward you
I 'm just a humble servant lady serving God
Good night
Good night
Doctor you did a great job
Did you get that photo?
Not yet but I know where
How did you find out?
She showed me and I said she would do it
The problem is that the photo is still in her hands
You may lose the chance to get the photo Holmes
No
I will visit her early tomorrow morning
Are you going to find her?
In my own capacity to call the king again
King ?!
And you, Watson!
You must be a witness
I believe you can sleep well tonight, Sherlock Holmes
Solving a crime is the best way to treat insomnia
good night sherlock holmes mr watson . . .
And Sherlock Holmes?
But she can 't love him
I wish she loved him why?
Because this saves Your Majesty from always being afraid of trouble in the future
If this lady loves her husband she does not love her majesty
If she doesn 't love His Majesty, why bother to interfere in His Majesty 's life-long affairs?
I think it 's Mr. Sherlock Holmes?
I am Sherlock Holmes
my mistress told me you would probably come
This morning she walked with her husband and they took the 5:15 train from Channing Cross station to continental Europe
Has she left the UK?
never come back sir
It 's all over now!
see and talk
Not this photo !
Sherlock Holmes here is another photo !
Did you hear what I said?!
letter to me
this is for me
'Dear Sherlock Mr. Holmes you have done a very good job indeed'
'Totally fooled me'
'I had no doubts at all until I heard someone shouting fire' 'But then when I realized that I had leaked a secret' 'I suddenly understood'
'I was advised to watch out for you months ago' 'They said if the king wanted to hire detectives'
'It must be you' 'But even so'
'You still made me reveal the secrets you wanted to know' 'Even when I saw so many people on the street'
'When intuition warns' 'I still find it hard to believe that such an amiable old pastor could be ill-intentioned'
'but you know'
'I am a trained actress myself'
'I 'm no stranger to male costumes' 'Yes, I 'm following you to your door' 'To be sure'
'You are the famous Mr. Sherlock Holmes' 'So I took the liberty to say good night to you'
'And then went to Temple to my husband 's place'
'We got married in secret beforehand' 'So as not to be forced to leave in order to avoid the king'
'And your presence is the signal for us to leave'
'It 's scary to be targeted by an adversary like you'
'So it 's empty when you visit tomorrow'
'As for that photo, your client can rest assured'
'I love someone better than him and he loves me too'
' The king can . . . '
'The king is free to do as he pleases' 'without worrying about the trouble that those whom he has wronged will bring him'
'I kept that photo just to protect myself' 'It 's like keeping a weapon in the future' 'Whatever he might do to keep me safe from it'
and the following
'I leave another picture I think he would like to keep' 'Sincerely, Dear Mr. Sherlock Holmes' 'Sincerely Erin Norton Adler'
What a wonderful woman !
What an admirable queen she could be!
What a pity I can 't be with her forever
From what I know about this lady
It is indeed difficult for her to live with someone like you, Your Majesty. It is a pity that I have not been able to complete the mission entrusted by Your Majesty.
On the contrary dear sir
There 's no better ending than this
I know she 's talking
Now that photo is as safe as it was burnt to the ground
I 'm glad to hear His Majesty say that
I really appreciate you so much please tell me how I can repay you
this ring ?
I think Your Majesty has one more
There 's something more valuable than this ring, you just open your mouth
This photo is Erin 's photo ?
Of course if you want
Thank you Your Majesty then I would like to wish you a good morning
This is how the Kingdom of Bohemia risked a big scandal and Sherlock Holmes ' best plan
How to be defeated by a woman 's wit he used to make fun of women with long hair
But I haven 't heard him say that lately and when he mentions Erin Adler or that woman
He always used the title of 'that woman', in his eyes she was unparalleled and the best among women
That 's not to say he had love-like feelings for Erin Adler all feelings especially love
They are all incompatible with his rigid and rigorous mind. His perspective on women is a bit morbid.
Either use them as a motive for the crime or as a clue to solve the case, but he still keeps her photo locked up
In his hazy memory there is only one woman he can 't forget and that is the beautiful Irene Adler
This is the house of the Countess of Moka
thank god she 's back
she got out of the carriage
Fast Ryder
hurry up
Okay, it 's fixed, it should be fixed
The Countess hates seeing the plumber hanging around her house
ok don 't worry i fixed it
Listen to you, I can speed up and work faster
It 's absolutely gorgeous
Countess 's eh?
Also wear it on a date. . .
let 's go buddy can go
Just put it aside
for the three of you
thank you ma 'am merry christmas
call me a cup of tea chusack
nice lady
I need a cup of tea to refresh myself
Christmas Eve preparations are torture
you 're right ma 'am
take a shower afterwards
lady
sapphire sapphire stolen
open your eyes
oh john she would love it this is beautiful
like her mother
Can we afford it?
I told you I made a little money lately
Even if I don 't have money, it 's Christmas now
You 're so considerate, John Horner, I 'm so lucky
wife and children
Happy like a fairy, buy this doll for my daughter
What do you think about this boat taking our son? That 's it
Can 't wait to sell off the loot Horner?
What do you mean? I didn 't do anything what do you mean?
John Frederick Horner
you for theft of the Countess of Morca
priceless
Sapphire and got arrested for what you said . . . I didn 't steal I didn 't really steal
someone saw people in your hotel
What you describe is that your sheriff didn 't steal it from me, believe me
Let me go, I really didn 't steal it
Oh
Mr Holmes ?
Mr Holmes ?
Mr Peterson, Abbotsett 's janitor . . .
Don 't bother me he 's looking for you
Oh
Mr. Holmes, sorry to bother you
Peterson put the goose down and your hat
You bought a fat goose, and I love eating fat goose for Christmas dinner
But that 's the problem with Mr. Holmes.
This goose is not mine
You might say I got it
'To Mrs. Henry Baker'
Obviously it 's not your hat
Of course not Mr.
I don 't know how to deal with the special situation
Calling the police is a bit of a fuss
I told my wife about it and she suggested I come to you
Your wife is smart, sit down my dear friend
tell me about the special situation
Okay so
I was on my way home last night and I just finished one
Small gatherings of us janitors get together this time of year . . .
exchange holiday wishes
That 's right
holiday wishes
you are awesome sir
respect your health
As I said before, I 'm on my way home
encountered an accident
hey what are you doing? hey the police... run away, run away
run away
I 'm helping you, man
The hooligans are running in one direction
The drunk also slipped in the opposite direction. I tried to stop him, but he obviously thought I was a sheriff.
Arrest him for breaking glass
So you got two trophies, this worn felt hat
and a good Christmas goose I desperately want to return to the original owner, Mr. Holmes
But I don 't know where to start, dear Peterson, I understand your predicament
I said anyway
I discussed with my wife and decided to put these two things
The hat and the goose brought to you Mr. Holmes wonders if this little thing will interest you, a special trader
I hope I didn 't waste your time Mr. Holmes certainly didn 't
Okay janitor
Have you bought your own goose?
not yet
Then I suggest you take this goose home to fulfill its final destiny
And I 'll take good care of the old felt hat of the gentleman who lost his Christmas dinner
Just listen to your Mr. Holmes so be it
Despite the cold weather, there are signs that it 's time to eat it, there 's no need to keep it
Then I 'm welcome Mr. Holmes
I will contact you as soon as there is progress
ok sir
uh happy holidays
Congratulations to you and your wife
You still haven 't found the gem
not yet madam
But we caught the thief, it 's Horner.
What about the clue to the gem?
we infer
What does it mean that he has more than one accomplice?
Madame and the novel 's plot is the exact opposite
Thieves don 't have much credit. As soon as they see money, they forget about credit. Money, you mean a reward?
uh yes
Why am I offering a bounty?
In my experience this is quite effective
I found out that a bounty could lure that greedy thief out
yes ?
It would be weird if no one came to claim the reward within 24 hours
How much is the reward?
Sherlock Holmes? Oh are you there?
The Countess of Moka offers £1,000 reward for finding the sapphire
Inspector Bradstreet in District B is in charge of the case
He has arrested John Horner, 36, a plumber who has strongly pleaded his innocence
Due to circumstantial evidence, the case has been transferred to the circuit court
Horner passed out during emotional final statement in lawsuit, was carried out of court
sorry you 're busy
I 'm bothering you to study the hat
No, it 's totally worthless
But a few questions about it are not so boring and even instructive
I think this hat looks ordinary, but it is actually related to a life-threatening matter. This clue can help you solve a mystery.
No no no no this is just one of many strange little things that 4 million people crammed into a small area of ​​​​a few square miles
So what do you see in this broken felt hat?
You know my way
Personality to the person who wears such a special felt hat
Have you guessed what? It was Watson with a fat goose
On the fat goose 's left leg is a small card that reads 'To Mrs. Henry Baker'
except this abbreviation
H.B. suppose to mean 'Henry Baker' I don 't see much else
On the contrary, Watson, you can see everything, but you don 't make inferences about what you see.
You lack confidence in your ability to reason
Tell me what inferences you made from this hat?
This is a learned man who can tell at a glance
and have lived fairly well for the past three years
Although he 's down and down now, he used to be visionary, he 's not as good as he used to be, and he 's getting more and more depraved and his family is down. He should have gotten into a bad habit, maybe a bar
I 'm afraid that 's why his wife doesn 't love him anymore
my dear holmes
But he still retains his last self-esteem, he 's reclusive and completely lacks exercise.
It 's a middle-aged man with gray hair. He 's just had his hair cut in the last few days, and he also put lemon balm on his hair.
And there 's no way he could have a kerosene lamp in his house.
you must be kidding
no joke at all
I don 't doubt that I 'm sluggish
For example, how do you deduce that he is knowledgeable?
It 's a volume issue
Someone with such a big head must have a lot of stuff in his head.
What about the middle of the road?
This flat brim cap
Was in vogue three years ago Watson this is a top quality hat
Look at the silk hoops and luxurious lining
If he could afford such an expensive hat three years ago
And never bought a new hat, so obviously he 's down and out. He used to be visionary and now he 's mentally decadent?
This means that he has the vision to sell hats without elastic straps
So it was made by him, which just means he had a vision
He used this method to prevent the hat from being blown away by the wind
But you see he broke the elastic and doesn 't want to take the time to reorder one, which means he 's demoralized
Ok
In addition, a few more
he is middle aged
grey hair
Just got a haircut recently
Lemon balm on head
These can all be inferred from inspection of the lower part of the hat lining
Looking at the wet streak here, he 's obviously sweating a lot so he 's not a hard worker
Then he . . his wife he just said she doesn 't love him anymore
This hat hasn 't been brushed in weeks
If I see a man whose hat has been collecting dust for a week and his wife ignores it
I 'm afraid he has unfortunately lost his wife 's love
Maybe he 's a bachelor
Not that he wanted to give his wife the goose as a nice present
Don 't forget the card tied to the goose 's leg
you always find the answer
wait
How do you deduce that there are no kerosene lamps in his house?
A drop or two of candle oil may have been accidentally dropped
But Watson knew when I saw more than 5 drops that he couldn 't get the candle oil from the kerosene lamp.
Are you satisfied?
you are so smart
that goose mr holmes that goose
What 's the matter? Is it alive again? Fluttering its wings and flying out of the kitchen window?
no sir you see
what my wife found in the crop
My God Peterson, this is really a hidden gem, do you know what it is? A diamond and a gem
Use it to cut glass like cutting sludge
This is not an ordinary gem
But that precious gem
The Sapphire in the World Hotel Heist
absolutely true
The reward of £1,000 is less than 1/20 of the market value of this sapphire
£1000 omg
You have to admit what Watson I deduced from the hat
Its importance has suddenly increased
That 's Sherlock Holmes, and the problem we 're dealing with now is to sort out the sack from the theft of the gem to the discovery of the goose
sequence of events during this period
This is that gem, that gem is from that goose, that goose is from Mr. Henry Baker
He wears a tattered hat and other features
What we need to do now is to seriously find this gentleman and figure out his role in this mystery
What role do you play? I picked up a goose and a black felt hat on the corner of Goode Street.
Mr. Henry Baker, please come back at 221B Baker Street at 6:30 pm. Simple and clear
Yes but will he see it
Peterson sent it to the ad agency
And it 's in all the evening papers in which paper sir?
The Globe, The Star, Pall Mall, St James 's Palace, The Echo, The Evening News, The Standard and all the papers you have to think of
Here it is Mr.
What about the gems?
I 'll keep this gem
thank you peterson
Hands up, Mr. Peterson
Can you buy me a goose on the way back?
give him the money watson
I must buy Mr. Henry Baker a goose in place of the one your family will enjoy
ok thank you sir
£1000 ?
What are you going to do with this gem?
I 'm going to put it in my showcase
Horner
The countess is angry with me you are locked up but she is more concerned about the whereabouts of the gem
I 've never had a gem sheriff this... . .
where did you hide it
Maybe I can help you plead with the judge
but if you don 't know
I 've been on my own since I married Jerry
if you don 't tell the truth
When the judge finds out about your criminal record
I 'm afraid you 'll never see your sweet wife again
I got you Horner but I need more gems
What a beautiful gem, look how radiant
Of course it 's the root of evil and every precious gem is like that
They are the devil 's bait
Every facet represents a cruel crime on bigger and older gems
It was found by the river in Xiamen, South China
Its peculiarity is that it has all the characteristics of a ruby ​​except that it is blue
Less than 20 years since the gem was created
Although it has been around for a short time, it has a terrible history
Two murders, a sulfuric acid disfigurement, a suicide, and several robberies have all been attributed to this forty-grain-heavy crystalline carbon
Who would have thought that such a beautiful ornament could be a supplier of criminals to gallows and prisons?
Come in
Are you Mr. Henry Baker?
please sit near the fireplace
It 's so cold today I think your blood circulation must be stronger in summer than in winter
sit down
This is my friend and partner Dr. Watson
Good morning sir
Mr Baker
Is this your hat?
yes this is indeed my hat
thank you, sir
I want to post the missing thing notice, but I 'm too cash-strapped
I thought the hooligans who attacked me took the hat and the geese
I don 't think there 's any need to spend any more for something you can 't get back
Of course I can understand
By the way, we had to eat your goose
eaten
If you don 't do this, the goose is really unbearable to eat.
But we bought another goose right on the sideboard
I think it 's about the same weight as your goose and very tender
Oh of course
Of course we still have the original goose 's feathered leg crop and so on if you want
It might be of some use as a memento of my adventures, but I don 't see any use for me in the odds and ends of my goose.
if you do not mind
I . . . I think I care about me -- I 'm going to focus my attention on that fat goose I saw in your sideboard
where did you buy that goose
I am very interested in raising poultry I rarely see such good fat geese
So I 'm very interested in the details of the goose you bought
It 's the club that gave my husband a goose club
Goose Club? Be more specific
I . . . I 'm not rich as you can see sir
My life is poor but with dignity let 's just say I work at the British Museum
do research ?
Well, help others with their research
I have read many books
I left the museum early that afternoon
I went to some of my colleagues at the Alpha Hotel Museum after my personal business.
Go there often this year our good shopkeeper
Mr Wendygate started a goose club and we all received a goose at Christmas considering paying a few pence a week to the club
A good fat goose for your Mr Baker
What a rare fat goose boss
Can you rehabilitate with your wife now?
I 'm afraid she 's still a little unhappy with me
It will definitely be better when I find a job that pays
Oh it 's definitely academic work
I have a future
This is the 8 pence I owe you last time
'Get Rich' Mr Baker? I happened to meet one
Compassionate acquaintances
I sold him a few of my books
Not your book, Mr. Baker
It was also of last resort that Mr. Wendygate was more embarrassed than ever this winter
We can 't give up the things we love, we should cherish the people we marry
I need to relieve the pressure
So bring me a tall glass of whiskey and a pint of your best beer
Merry Christmas
merry christmas mr baker
on my way home
I was attacked by a bunch of hooligans I thought they stole my goose
I lost my hat in the scuffle
I . . I just remember a uniformed officer showing up and we all fled
Of course we can understand
in that case
Good results are really good
I thank you very much for your trouble sir
i want this scotch hat
Neither my age nor my identity
happy holidays mr
you too sir
Thank you
Oh by the way, do you have kerosene lamps in your house?
Of course kerosene lamps are not very good Merry Christmas
Merry Christmas to you both
Well, that 's the end of Mr. Henry Baker 's business.
He obviously doesn 't know anything about the gems Mrs. Hudson
Watson, are you hungry?
not very hungry
Very good
Mrs. Hudson, change our dinner to a late night snack
We have to follow the vines and strike while the iron is hot
Can it be hotter than a late night snack?
good evening gentlemen it 's so cold tonight
Yes indeed boss
What would you like to drink?
Beer Watson? What? Oh ok
Two glasses of your best beer
wait sir
If your beer is as good as your goose it 's the purest beer
my goose ?
We just had a chat with Mr. Henry Baker, a member of your Goose Club, half an hour ago.
Well, those geese aren 't ours
whose ?
I bought 24 from a vendor in Covent Garden
What 's his name ?
Brackenridge is a supplier who always has good stuff
Just a reminder if you want to buy a goose
I can go to him right away and you know it 's the busiest time of the year
Thanks for your advice
Can I have another beer?
God bless you sir
Go to Brackenridge now
Have to go now?
Watson, we 're following a clue that was ignored by the police, and it just happened to fall into our hands.
We have to follow the clues at all costs to find out
do not Cry
I also want to believe you John really
But I can 't refute what the police said
But they only said they got me because I was there that day
I just do odd jobs
Is it really ?
I promised you when I got married
i will never lie to you
I have always kept my promise
i want to believe you too
good evening
good evening
Looks like your geese are all sold out
Do you have 500 for sale tomorrow morning?
It 's too late at the stall where the kerosene lamps are on
But people introduced me to you
Who ?
The owner of the Alpha Hotel
Bought 24 from me for him
Those geese are so nice
May I know where you got it from?
ok sir
what exactly do you mean ?
speak up
I 've made it very clear
I just want to know who is supplying those geese you sell to Alpha
I don 't wanna tell you that 's it
It 's just a small thing and I don 't understand why you 're so angry
Get angry, try to be entangled like this
Wouldn 't that be the end for me to spend a lot of money on good stuff?
What 'Where 's the goose' 'Who did you sell the goose to' 'How much did you sell it for'
It seems that if you care too much about these geese, you will feel that there are no other geese in the world.
I promise I have nothing to do with the rest of the people who came to inquire
interrogation? it 's just interrogation
i won 't tell you
That bet had to blow
What bet? What bet?
I will always stand by my views on poultry
My friend and I bet £5 that the goose I picked was raised in the countryside, right?
what? yes yes yes there is such a thing
Then you lose because it was raised in town
not so
That 's it I don 't believe it
Bring the money, Sherlock Holmes
You think I don 't understand but I 've been dealing with poultry since I was a child
Let me tell you, the geese sold to the Alpha store are all grown up in the city.
you can 't convince me
please sherlock holmes willing to accept the bet
So are you willing to bet?
That just makes you lose money
But I 'm still willing to gamble with you a pound just to teach you your stubbornness
good deal
Look closely, Mr. Pride, here 's the list of people who sold me geese on my ledger.
It 's all country folks on this page
This page is written in red ink are all the suppliers in the city
read me the name of the third person
Mrs Oakeshott 117 Brixton Road
Customer number 2 4 9
good, look at the ledger again
Mrs Oakeshott Egg and Poultry Supplier ?
What was the last bill that was recorded?
2 4 geese sold to Alpha Inn Windygate for 7 shillings 6p
Do you have anything else to say?
What about this gentleman 's £5?
Well done Sherlock Holmes
Are you going to see Mrs. Oakeshott tonight?
Why is it you again, are you annoying?
I said it was all sold out
You heard me say there are two grey crested geese
Listen I 'm so sick of you and your goose go to hell
If you keep bugging me with these stupid things
I 'll let the dog bite you
listen to me Mrs Oakeshott told me . . .
You bring Mrs Oakeshott and I 'll answer her
But what does this have to do with you?
Did I buy my goose from you?
No, but there 's a goose in there that 's mine
Then you go to Mrs Oakeshott and ask her to let me come to you
You can ask the King of Prussia if it 's none of my business anyway
I have had enough
get out of here
Save us the trip to Brixton
I 'm sorry I overheard your conversation with that vendor just now
I thought I might be able to help you with this
yes who are you ?
I 'm Sherlock Holmes and it 's my job to know what no one else knows
But you can 't possibly know this
On the contrary, I know it perfectly
I know you want to find the whereabouts of some of the geese sold to Brackenridge by Mrs. Oakshott of Brixton Road
And Brackenridge sold the goose to Mr. Windygate of the Alpha Inn.
Sir, you are the one I am looking for
I can 't express how much I 'm interested in this
Then I suggest discussing this in a more comfortable place.
carriage
come in and sit
I 'm going to change my slippers
I think we have to know first who we are fortunate to serve, right Watson?
John Robinson
No, no, I 'm asking for your real name
It is always inconvenient to use a pseudonym for business
Well my real name is Ryder James Ryder
good foreman at mr ryder world hotel
right
You should be very curious to know the whereabouts of those geese, especially one of them is the one with the white body and gray crown, right?
Oh sir, can you tell me its whereabouts?
It came to me and you? It 's a pity it 's gone
But this goose dies and lays an egg
The most beautiful and shiny little blue egg I 've ever seen
come and let me show you
game over ryder
Stand firm, beware of falling into the fireplace
This poor bastard is really skinny and he doesn 't have the courage to commit a serious crime anymore.
I have basically mastered all the parts of the case and you have nothing to tell me
Catherine Cusack instigated me
she 's the countess 's maid
Yes, you heard from the grapevine that Horner had a similar burglary.
And what did you do? You and your accomplice Cusack moved a little in the countess ' room.
you managed to get Horner
And you stole the gem and called the police. Unfortunate Horner went to jail.
For God 's sake have pity on me
Think of my dad my mom they 'll be heartbroken
I 've never done anything bad before and I 'll never dare again
I can swear by the bible
don 't send me to court mr holmes
For God 's sake don 't do it
sit back in the chair
Now that you know that you are on your knees and begging for mercy, why don 't you take pity on Horner, who was in the dock because of you without knowing it?
I will go far away Mr. Holmes
i will leave this country
Then the charges against him were dropped.
We 'll talk about this later
Now tell me how the gem got into the goose 's belly
And how can the geese be sold in the market?
Tell me the truth it 's your only hope for life
I tell you everything that happened
I think it 's best to run away with the gems because I don 't know when the police will think to search me and my room
There is no safe place in the hotel
I pretended to be sent out of the hotel and went to my sister 's house to make up my mind
What 's the matter, Jem, you look terrible
I 'm a little terrified. There 's a burglary at the Maggie 's Hotel.
you come into the house
I walked into the backyard where she kept the geese, smoking a cigarette, wondering what to do
I remember being flustered until I figured out where to temporarily hide the stone
Suddenly I saw geese squeezing in the corner of the yard
My sister once told me I could pick a goose for Christmas
I picked a goose with a grey crown and a good fat goose
I stuffed the gem down its throat as far as my fingers could reach
I thought all the troubles were solved by this time . . .
What are you doing with that goose Jem? You said I could pick one for Christmas
I 'm trying to find out which one is the fattest
We saved yours long ago and we call it 'Jem 's Goose'
Uh, Maggie, it 's the same for you anyway
I want the one I just held in my hand
But the one I kept for you weighed 3 pounds.
It doesn 't matter that we are specially fed.
I want that one, I 'll take it now
up to you
Which one do you want?
It 's the one with the grey crown in the middle.
Kill it and take it away
I did as she said Mr. Holmes
I took the goose to my friend 's house and we used the knife
Open the goose, my heart is half cold
There 's no sapphire in the crop at all I know something must have gone wrong
Where have all the geese gone?
Sold it to a dealer
which vendor ?
Brackenridge at Covent Garden
Tell me if there is another goose with a grey crown too?
Yeah, two in total
I can 't even tell them apart
What 's the matter, why are you so nervous?
I ran as fast as I could to Brackenridge
But he has sold all the geese and won 't tell me to whom
It drives me crazy
Now I 'm branded a 'thief' even though I don 't get the treasure for which I sold my character
God forgive me
God forgive me
get out
what ?
may god bless you sir
shut up
get out
I have to admit that Sherlock Holmes was a bit of a surprise to me
I haven 't been called to the police station to tell them what they don 't know
Maybe I also committed a felony but I might have saved someone too
If you put him in jail, he 'll be a prisoner for life
It 's Amnesty time, after all
it is midnight
Merry Christmas Sherlock Holmes
Merry Christmas my dear friend and so on
Sherlock Holmes, John Horner, is still incarcerated, and I can 't eat at the thought of it.
Do you think that maybe Bradztree or his colleagues are still working on the case?
You 're right, Watson, let 's go
Mrs. Buckley, here 's your tea
your lady tea
i hate you i hate you
i hate you i hate you
David
- your lady tea
- David, you betrayed him
Mrs Finning
what happened kid
Something bad happened to the wife and the colonel and the door won 't open
I 'll try
You two, stop him
Mrs Buckley opens the door
Mrs Buckley opens the door
The door is locked from the inside and there is no key
I 'm going to get the doctor and the police
There were quite a few of them when I took the boat home with my wounds
Very good performance in Indian counterinsurgency
You won 't regret taking this case
ah sentry
Dr. Watson, a former military doctor with the Royal Berkshires, now practises his own medicine
I 'm Deputy Commander Murphy because of the tragic death of the Colonel and I 'm now the interim commander of the Royal Marlos Corps.
This is Mr. Holmes
please sit
It 's so nice of you to arrive so soon
You 're welcome
I have explained to Mr. Holmes that you must be very worried about possible scandals
thanks
The honor of the corps is now tied to me
But the papers say there must be a scandal
definitely not
I 've done my best to keep the reporters as far away as I can
That 's why they are more suspicious
Even if they know very little, they must have sniffed out the mystery.
Oh but not again. Call their attention back . . .
yes
You see how much we need your help Mr. Holmes
What do you say? Sherlock Holmes
what can i say
Captain Murphy, you didn 't tell me anything!
I came to Aldersort only by Watson 's persuasion that he was far more interested in military affairs than I was
Now that I 'm here, you should tell me the truth!
commander of this regiment
Colonel James Buckley was found dead in his apartment at around ten o 'clock last night
The body was found in the living room early in the morning by Private Colonel Bates ' messenger.
There 's a two-inch wound on the back of the colonel 's head, apparently from a blunt blow.
There is a very special hand-carved wooden stick on the floor next to the body
And lying on the couch passed out Nancy Barkley . . . is Mrs. Buckley
Please go on to Captain Murphy
The servants only noticed the tragic quarrel when they heard the quarrel. It was Colonel Buckley and his wife.
The servants tried to enter the living room in the early morning but found the door locked
Bates went around the garden and entered through the floor-to-ceiling windows.
Are you suspecting Mrs. Buckley now?
Yes, but she 's clearly not the type to do such a thing
I was a lieutenant in the late Colonel Buckley 's regiment for many years.
So I also know Mrs. Buckley very well.
certainly
Tell me about Colonel Buckley, he is well respected by his men?
Considering his background, he 's quite respected
His background? Does he have any stains?
No, but outsiders don 't know that James Barkley was originally just a private in the Marlowes Corps.
Really ?
It is indeed a rare achievement to go from private to commander in the same regiment
He got promoted because he was very brave in India 's counter-insurgency and he 's been on the rise a lot faster than me over the years
really impressive
Was the unfortunate Mrs. Buckley in custody?
not exactly
She 's being looked after in the hospital now and a police officer is there
Nancy Buckley is a dignified woman now but you should see how she looked when she was young in India that was thirty years ago
She 's the regiment 's daughter
Her dad is the corps ' sergeant major, Warrant Lieutenant Devoy, so he 's an awesome prospective father-in-law for any soldier
I remember when my mates thought she was the prettiest girl in the station
As a junior officer I had no dealings with her but I noticed she was such a charming and brave girl
So of course Barkley isn 't the only one in the corps.
The person who pursues her, but he is her final choice
They got married at Porty, not far from Campbell, it was the summer of 1858, and General Neal 's troops had just rescued our regiment from the siege a few months before that.
shortly after marriage
Sergeant Barkley was promoted as expected
Early marriage may be tough for the Buckleys
Low-born sergeant married the corps sergeant major 's daughter
Yes, there should be some social friction
But they were quickly taken over by Nancy using her charms
Barkley 's career flourished when the Corps returned from India five years ago.
Buckley was promoted to corps commander
Has their marriage been happy all along?
looks yes
look ?
Most people think that this marriage is very harmonious and happy
What do you think of Captain Murphy
Because I 'm my second-in-command, I 'm able to visit the Barkleys often.
I saw the other side of their marriage
More important than the truth about your loyalty to the late commander
I finished dinner at Barkley 's one night
At the end of the driveway did I remember that I left the humidor in the dining room
I walked back and the front door was still open
Jane is the maid still in the hall.
It 's great that you 're still here
I left the humidor on the table
I think both Colonel Buckley and Mrs. are asleep Mr.
James for God 's sake
Honestly, who is who?
let me go, you hurt me
Then you tell me that you love me only love me and no one else
Did you hear it? Did you hear it?
Will I marry you if I don 't love you
I don 't know sometimes I really want to know
This jealous quarrel happened soon after you left Captain Murphy
Tell me about Barkley, is he a violent person?
sometimes yes
He is very caring about his young subordinates
But to climb all the way up must be cruel to do it.
Surely he wouldn 't feel uncomfortable being a commander, would he?
No, but sometimes he can suddenly become very cloudy
Tribute to the Queen
Tribute to the Queen
Sometimes when we talk about some of the previous battles, the Premiere war, the counterinsurgency, the Afghanistan war, and the smile suddenly disappears from the corner of his mouth like it 's been taken away by an invisible hand
yes serving in india for so long does it matter how much
I see it in Berkshire too
Did you mention that a hand-carved stick next to the body was a souvenir the colonel brought back from India?
The servants said they had never seen this stick before
I haven 't seen in all my visits
quite long one
Did the police take it away for inspection?
yes
They think it 's the murder weapon
Really
I think we should start by visiting the Colonel 's apartment, but it would be better if we could see Mrs. Buckley first.
I 'm afraid she 's still in a coma
I think too
David . . . David . . .
what a beautiful morning
Will Mrs Holmes Buckley have a lover and Colonel Buckley knows again?
Captain Murphy seems to be very close to her.
You know that kind of ambiguity is common among officers and wives serving in the tropics
Thank you Watson for teaching me about military ethics
If Murphy and Mrs. Buckley were having an affair, would he still bring up the episode of forgetting the humidor?
It 's about half past seven, sir, and I 'm serving dinner.
One night a month Mrs Buckley goes to Aldersort to do a good deed
where are you going in such a hurry
The distribution of old clothes begins at eight o 'clock. I promise Ann Morrison.
I will arrive at the distribution hall on time
If those fleas hopping up and down in old clothes make you sick
That 's your business
I think we should give back as much as we get
We 've been lucky enough, others aren 't so lucky
don 't come back too late
Will not
Mrs. Buckley is supposed to be back at a quarter past nine.
I 'm helping the cook do the dishes in the kitchen
There was a thunder in the distance
I was saying to Mrs. Finning 'Looks like a storm is coming' when the living room bell rang early in the morning
I got there and found Mrs Buckley back
She paced back and forth in the room pale and fidgeting
she looks terrible sir
did you ring the bell, ma 'am
yes bring me some tea
nice lady
is that you jane
yes sir i think i heard my wife come back
yes sir she was in the living room in the early morning
Early morning living room? Yes sir
I was about to bring my wife a pot of tea
Tea? What tea are you drinking at this time?
So it looks like that was Mr. Buckley 's last appearance?
Yes, sir
Do you suppose you know why your mistress went to the living room in the early morning? It was so late that the fire was not lit
i don 't know sir
Does she often avoid the colonel on purpose?
Have you ever heard them fight before?
As far as I know there is no Mr.
When you come back from the kitchen with your wife 's tea you find the door locked and hear them raise the tune
tell me exactly what you heard
They are arguing Mr.
The wife said the colonel was a coward
She said my life has been ruined by you all these years
The wife called out the name 'David'
said twice
David? Can you swear on that?
Mr. Absolutely
But the colonel 's name is James.
Have you ever heard your wife mention someone named David before?
Without the Colonel and his wife, I don 't know anyone named David.
Captain Murphy 's Christian name is Patrick
Have they had a guest named David lately?
no sir
A stick of wood was found next to Colonel Buckley 's body. Have you seen it before?
no colonel
There are a few loot from India but none of the sticks
Are you sure, Miss Stewart?
Yes, sir
I don 't know where that came from
Thanks for being here today
oh no there 's one last thing
Captain Murphy dropped a humidor once, did you find it?
Yes, sir
the colonel lies here sir
Head next to the stove fence ?
Yes, sir
You can also see blood stains
But the scariest thing is his face
his face ?
I turned him over
I almost fainted when I saw his face
A twisted and ferocious expression full of fear
Like seeing the god of death?
probably yes sir
Thanks Bates
What ghost could scare the colonel like that?
Certainly not Nancy Barkley
The door is locked sir and the key is missing
gone ?
Yeah, we finally got the locksmith to open the door.
Have you thoroughly searched for the key?
Searched up and down
Mrs. Buckley did not have it nor was it in Colonel Buckley 's pocket.
Thank you Mrs Finning
Watson If the key wasn 't in the door and the Buckleys didn 't have it then . . .
Then there should be a third person
That 's right that person either comes in or out of this window
These are the footprints of Bates
But these are someone else 's
He just walked across the grass not long ago and the footprints are still clearly visible
He 's Watson from the window. We got it right.
Watson look at this
- What 's this? - This outsider has an unusual companion.
Is it a dog? Whose dog is it?
Who heard a dog pounce on the curtain?
Or is it a cat?
These paw prints are not cat 's or monkey 's, not any creature we 're familiar with
At least 15 inches from hind paw to fore paw
Add in the length of the neck and head and the animal is at least two feet long if it has a tail
It also has a strange stride length. The stride length suggests that this animal has a long body and short legs.
Something like a stoat or a weasel ?
We also know it 's a carnivore
how do you know ?
It can be seen from the paw prints that it bit the curtain
want to eat canary
That 's right
What the hell is this beast?
No, I can 't betray my friends, don 't force me
Miss Morrison was happy and content when Mrs Buckley left home the night before.
But two hours later she came home completely different
Now the police suspect she is the murderer
It 's your responsibility to clear her name
You have to tell me what happened that night that changed her so much
Well, if I can really help her, I 'm willing to break my promise to keep it a secret
So that 's exactly what happened . . .
very weird
Here we see all kinds of people
But the night before I saw the weirdest person I 've ever seen
Not only was he hunched, he was limping on one leg and his knees were bent when he walked.
Dark skin and wrinkled face like a shriveled apple
I thought to myself that there are really some people in the world who suffer far more than they should.
The man was wearing oriental clothes which made him even more unusual
I pointed the man to Nancy and thought he deserved special attention from us.
Nancy was in good spirits that night and I saw her approach the man and ask him if he needed help
That 's when she changed
She talked to the man and suddenly turned pale
She looks like she 's seen a ghost
That man was also extremely surprised to see her, I saw him gesturing fiercely
Later, Nancy and the man walked to a quiet corner and they talked for a while, and then I heard the man scream angrily, and then he ran out and shook his fist. What happened to Nancy?
are you OK ?
Who is that poor fellow ?
is an old friend of mine who is in bad shape
Promise me Annie will keep me a secret and don 't tell anyone about it, okay?
Of course, if you want me to keep it a secret, I promise you
Who is that man?
I knew you were going to ask this
Nancy left after that encounter
I naturally asked a few of the regulars there about this man
Of course this odd-looking guy will draw some attention.
Seems like he 's a soldier returning from India. No one knows anything about his origins, except that he makes a living by entertaining the troops and performing magic tricks.
Did you tell the police about this man?
Of course no promise is a promise
yes of course
Thank you Miss Morrison
That 's our intruder 's four-legged companion
a meerkat
I think we 've found what we 're looking for
Mr Henry Wood has just come from India
can i have a word with you
about what
Colonel Buckley 's death
she 's innocent i promise you
You are the one to blame
no i am innocent
Who was that who brought down Colonel Buckley?
It was providence that killed him was his own guilty conscience
you better explain
God if I really smashed his head I 've been wanting to do it and he deserves it
But I haven 't touched a finger of him.
Someone saved me the trouble
let me tell my story
I have nothing to be ashamed of
In front of you is a man with a back like a hump and all the ribs are crooked
But I, Corporal Henry Wood, used to be the most handsome of the Royal Marlos Corps.
Are you in the same regiment as Colonel Buckley?
Yes, but he was just a second-class soldier at the time.
We belong to the same army and have one thing in common is that we both fell in love with the same woman: Nancy Devoy
She is the daughter of the sergeant major of the corps.
Two people love her but she only loves one
She . . . you 'll laugh when you see me curled up in front of the fire and hear me say Nancy loves my handsomeness
I 'm the one she 's always loved
But even though I won her heart, her father didn 't agree
I 'm a reckless bastard, but I 'm honest at the same time
Nancy 's father wants her to marry Barkley
He 's careful not to get into trouble and can 't do anything wrong like I used to take Nancy to places her father didn 't like
And Barkley is educated he has a bright future (will be given a saber)
Warrant Officer Devoy naturally felt that Barkley was a better fit for his daughter
But she 's loyal to me and we 'd have been married if it wasn 't for the rebellion
Then why didn 't Nancy marry the one she loved?
It was the rainy season of 1857 when the Indian soldiers suddenly mutiny
The regiment was surrounded at Porti
Ten thousand rebels surround us like dogs surround a rat cage
We were short of ammunition and food and only managed to get in touch with General Neal 's troops advancing inward.
we can be rescued
The commander of our team began to select volunteers. The volunteers had to be strong and able to sneak out of the garrison late at night and get in touch with reinforcements on the plains.
I foolishly signed up voluntarily
It was a dangerous mission indeed. A thousand brothers were in danger.
But I was thinking of only one person
Nancy Devoy My Beloved Most Beautiful Girl Her lips are full of life
Saying goodbye to her is the hardest thing in the world
We exchanged parting tokens, where did I think
It 's thirty years
That night my rival saw me set out to cross the enemy 's blockade, Sergeant Buckley.
He says no one knows the landscape around the station better than he does
I volunteer to deliver the letter
He volunteered to help me point out the best way out
So after listening to him, under the cover of fire from his comrades
I 'm leaving
Buckley told me to walk down a creek and then to a valley
He said it was the best way to go down the mountain
His guidance was perfect and soon I was wading through the icy stream These were the snow from the Himalayas the day before
I could see the lights and fires of the rebel camp but I made it down to avoid their outposts and I made my way to the ravine
thought I was safe
All of a sudden I was attacked
Something hit me hard on the head and I just felt like the world was spinning
When I woke up, I found myself tied up and hanging from a tree like a chicken
My arm feels so sore it feels like it 's been twisted into a twist
I don 't care about the pain it makes me sad that my mission failed
What will happen to the people I 'm trying to save?
But the biggest blow is yet to come. I listened to a rebel 's conversation before I realized I was betrayed.
And the one who betrayed me was the guy who showed me the way. Barkley betrayed me to have the girl I love.
You now know what James Barkley is best at
Unexpectedly, General Neal 's troops are already on their way to rescue Porti.
The rebels withdrew and took me with me I was tortured
I tried to escape and was abused again
I haven 't seen a white man in years
My captors fled north and into the mountains took me as a slave
Not even a dog is as good as my every bone has been broken by them
Sometimes I wish they killed me but my hatred for the man who ruined my life fuels my will to live
I dream of getting revenge on Barkley
One day some Afghan tribe killed the rebels who caught me
I was left there to die but miraculously I survived
I want revenge for my misery but Barkley is not in my hands
And Nancy, I don 't know if she 's dead or alive
I wandered back to Punjab to live with the locals and learn from street magicians
Learned to make a living with magic
What 's the point of sailing back to England to meet my old comrades now that I 've become a poor cripple?
Even the thought of revenge didn 't make me determined to come back
I 'll just say it
I 'd rather Nancy and my mates at Marlos think that . . . Henry Wood died heroically and stand up like a hero, than that they see me crawling back to them like an ape in the world
But you went back to Aldershot, back to where your regiment was.
Why? I just want to take another look at my country before I die
I saved every penny and bought the ferry ticket back
I didn 't know the corps was stationed at Aldershot
I only think of places where there is an army
I earn three meals a day playing tricks and tricks in small restaurants
I don 't want to kill Barkley anymore The flame of vengeance fades after all these years until I see her
I think I still have to wear British clothes
Wearing this foreign clothes all the time makes me look funny
At first I was just looking for a thick coat and I didn 't pay much attention to the ladies who were handing out clothes
Then someone came over
I recognized her right away
She hasn 't changed at all and she 's still beautiful
Even more amazing is that she . . .
She seems to know me
good evening do you want me to help
Did you find any of your . . .
sorry i thought . . .
Nancy is me, I am Henry
Do not be afraid
For the past 30 years I thought you were dead
i am dead . . .
I never thought I 'd see you again
we talked for a while
told her my story
I shouldn 't have told her her husband was a traitor but I couldn 't help but 30 years of hatred erupted all at once
She was shocked by what she said to me
I can 't bear to watch it
So I left and then I saw her come out in a hurry and I followed her to her house
I saw her enter the house and the lights were on
I saw her sitting on a chair
Then he came in
james i have to talk to you
- why lock the door
- I said I told you not to come back too late, didn 't I?
are you with anyone
- Do not. . .
- You must be with someone!
No
who is it ?
you ruined my life
so many years
how can you do this
- you devil
- Mrs. Buckley your tea
i hate you hate you hate you hate you
Do not
I saw him grab her body and I went crazy
I can 't control my feelings
david your lady tea
David you betrayed him
no
He 's alive and I tell you I 've seen him
you are lying
you are crazy
I 've never seen anyone look at me like he does
I saw death clearly in his face
I came alive like a bullet through his guilty heart
Mrs. Buckley, Mrs. Buckley, open the door.
he fell on the fence
I was out of breath before I fell
Mrs. Buckley, Mrs. Buckley, open the door.
I took the key from Nancy 's hand and was going to open the door for help.
But I think I better hurry up or things will turn against me
I hurriedly threw the keys into my pocket and chased after Teddy, who ran out of the cage and bit the curtains
Teddy
So the colonel fell and hit the fence after he died?
Must have been frightened by a stroke.
Mr Wood, if the coroner concluded the same Mrs Buckley
Nancy will be acquitted
I don 't think you would object to repeating your story to the police if necessary?
how is mr holmes nancy
she is in the hospital
full recovery soon
Thank God
hello Ann it 's great to see you
Is it better?
yes much better
There 's something about Sherlock Holmes that I don 't quite understand.
The Colonel is James and Wood is Henry or Harry, so who is David?
My dear Watson, if I 'd been careful enough, I should have found out that the name David already tells the whole story, didn 't you always think I was awesome?
But this time my reasoning ability failed.
In this case the name David is actually a word of reproach
blame ?
Do you remember King David of Judea-Israel? He had a crush on Bathsheba, the wife of Uriah, his general, and sent Uriah to the front to die so he could take Bathsheba for himself
This story can be found in Books 1 or 2 of Samuel
I 'm afraid I 've long forgotten my knowledge of the Old Testament
you 're right sherlock holmes
Samuel Book 2, Chapter 11, Pages 14 to 17
Apparently you checked first after returning from Aldersort
How did you know ?
You bookmarked the bill for our meal at Waterloo, didn 't you?
Great Watson
Just getting started, dear Holmes
good night old friend
I have to ask you to close the game now
ok, thanks
Do you know what this is like?
like a roller coaster
See what I mean?
try to do it with me
How tall is the London Eye?
How tall is Big Ben?
I 've been a tech commissar since then for about two years now.
great
cool . . . amazing
Like a TV reporter? still is. . .
No, only on the web . . .
Do some videos but mostly write about the tech industry
cool, tech is awesome . . .
Where have you been so far?
Traveling around the world like Indiana Jones?
Traveling around mountains and rivers, taking risks
Yeah, my journey is almost over.
But I first flew to Sydney, then to Thailand
- so jealous
- India, yes
I went to Rome . . .
- spent the whole vacation in europe - not even i went to that many places
Really?
great
Then I went to Pamplona in Spain
- Isn 't that a bullfight?
- run with the cow
- You run with cows?
- Exactly
- That 's why this wound
- not easy
you really are Indiana Jones
Do you have a whip in your bag? Do you have a hat?
I save the world from the Nazis
that 's pretty cool
I 'm just . . . trying to do something I 've never done before
Is this the purpose of your trip? Find yourself?
Yes, so to speak,
I. . .
Leaving my hometown is my purpose
Yeah, it 's just . . . whatever, it 's boring
I 'm afraid there 's nothing exciting about the UK
It doesn 't matter, this is the last stop of the journey anyway
I 'm sorry, I 'm going home next week
- not much time . . .
- next week?
- time is running out
can you suggest me some fun things
- Fun thing?
- right
God
Hello
Good morning. . .
another scar
Forget it
I guess you got hurt while fishing for sharks in Cape Town, man
- That 's all you can do with your American accent? - yes
Josh Peters ' masterpiece, Bad Boys in High School
He and I fought in craft class
He hit me with an iron rod or something
what a jerk
'What an asshole'
- very unlike
- Sorry is it yours or mine?
must be yours
- 'Mom', typical American
- yes
don 't you take it?
a little impersonal
Do you want to talk to her now?
you want to talk to my mom
- I can call her - all right
free of it
are you hungry?
check out these games
You 're a player, it 's nice
Of course I am, for work
Have you ever been defeated by a girl in 'Fighting Whirlwind'?
Is this . . . your dating manual?
What? 'Outlier'?
Computers learn how to be smarter than men just like women did years ago
what i do is like a joke
- do you know?
- yes?
- right
- That 's your joke?
yes, you have those here
- Do you have those here?
- Yes, there is currently
That 's a good joke . . .
Enjoy your Marmite
gosh
Do you really eat this stuff?
it is good
ok, mom saved me
The best way to stop her from continuing to call is to . . .
I don 't know, take it
I don 't want to face the trouble now
she is worried
you are her son
you 've been traveling i just think if you talk to her . . .
I still live with her in Syracuse
That 's fine, no problem
i want to take care of my dad
damn
he. . .
no, he 's dead
- gosh
- Last year, no, it doesn 't matter
dragged for a while
early-onset Alzheimer 's disease
must be hard
Yes, he 's my best friend
He sometimes looks at me and doesn 't even know who I am
My mom . . . I don 't at all. . .
I don 't know how to chat with her
I don 't have that feeling
I don 't even know how to speak
That 's why I left
That 's why I took this trip
To leave, try my best to make memories while I can
I know I have to talk to her . . .
But not on the phone, I just... I 'll take care of it
I 'll deal with it when I get back, just . . .
You are a good man, Cooper
call your mother
0 0 1 9 3 9 2 9
No, I didn 't buy sandals in Koh Samui last night because I was in . . .
How long will that take?
Because I want to buy a plane ticket back to the US
Oh my God
Can I say this is the most shameless excuse in the history of the second meeting?
marvelous
Like, my goodness, thank you...
All right
- Don 't forget your luggage
- luggage, yes
You 're awesome I don 't know what that means but I 've heard people say you 're awesome
i have a plan
odd jobs
- Who do you work for?
- is a program
You can . . . I often use it when I 'm short of money
- not bad - some interesting
'Seeking Thrill Lovers'
- looks to your liking - good
Well, £4, a lot of money, not bad
(Saito Games) A ​​little out of the way
Do some kind of game test, the company is called Qitu . . .
Saito Games . . . yes
oversized company
- Really big - isn 't it?
horror game
have you heard . . .
what is that called . . .
'Haleck Ghost'?
yes i heard
I used to play with my buddy David Levy in his basement when we were in seventh grade
That 's Saito Shoyu
That 's his company
- He 's a genius and super creative
- Well apparently they 're working on a new project
Invest large sums of money and innovate unprecedentedly
But the secrecy is tight
Maybe if I get it right I can give you exclusive access to Xiangyu
Exclusive interview?
you should take a photo
Seriously, if you take any pictures they plan to make a lot more than £4
good idea
Where is this company located?
Mr Cooper?
Just call me Cooper
Mr. Cooper, I 'm sorry
Just call me Cooper
In that case, just call me Katie
Hello. . .
- please come with me - ok
- I put my backpack here
- Raff will handle
Ralph will handle
very good
I don 't want to go in anyway.
This reminds me of the devil in the last level
You know, Rising Dragon Fist
- Did it go well along the way?
- it went well, thank you
- Are you satisfied with picking up your car?
- satisfy
this way please
What they 're looking at is . . .
so cool. . .
hurry up
I think I 'm going to see Dumbledore
Wish I was sorted into Gryffindor House
Please take out your cell phone and any device that may be used to send and receive messages
- Don 't you feel a little neurotic?
- Can 't be too cautious
OK, take it
you 're really neurotic
white
Okay, I guess the content is that I agree to donate a kidney?
It 's actually a standard nondisclosure agreement.
It is important that you understand that minor surgery will be involved
Sorry, does the game need it?
It 's not permanent we won 't steal your kidneys
I promise
It 's almost like having your ears pierced
' Confidential Information Brain Download Game, Duration Ends . . . '
What about the signature page?
Where do I sign?
sign
Missed a page, wait a minute
ok i 'm right here . . . wait
what the hell?
(What the hell is there a medical procedure?)
- everything fine?
- all good
What we 're developing is an augmented reality system
- Like virtual reality?
- Like it 's more real than the real thing
- what is that?
- We call it 'Mushroom'
- The one in 'Super Mario Bros'?
- you can say that
- Are you qualified to do such a thing?
- I haven 't killed anyone yet
Is it ok?
it is good
finished
- that 's all?
- Look, let 's just say I 'm top-notch
Don 't worry, it 's not permanent
it is good
Is this some kind of memory test or something?
- you 'll find out later
- You may feel a slight tingling when starting well
it is good
Starts at 5:38
- Are you ready?
- Yes, sir
almost done
I thought I was off
Finish
Feeling okay?
feel great
- looking at target - good
what did you see?
like . . .
like a gopher in a video game
- Are there more details now?
- That 's right, that 's right
- now what?
- damn
Damn it, it 's in . . .
can i touch it?
it 's not real,
it 's some kind of psychological reflex
- you can see it
i can 't see
- Can 't you see?
Yes. . .
Ok
hit it hard
Hit it hard? it is good
Well, it 's like a game of whack-a-mole
I 've played it a million times, ok
it is good
here we go
come up
Where are you coming from?
where did you go?
ok, don 't come up
it is good
so much fun . . . you are so cute
- OK, bye
Is it gone?
- I 'm afraid so
Are gophers flat or three-dimensional?
No. . . Stereoscopic, Super Stereoscopic, like. . .
- This is only a limited test demonstration
- That 's just a demonstration?
I think you should experience the full version of the system we are developing
Of course the pay is higher, if you are interested
Yes . . I am interested . . .
This is Saito Shoyu
- You must be our newest volunteer
- Hello
This is really great, hello . . .
I want to say that the whole game is super fun
fun?
fun is good
good game
heart beat faster
- also smiles - yes
Yes, or . . . Scream (Haleck Ghost)
I always like to make players jump
Frightened
I jump up when I 'm scared
- It 'll feel good after that - yeah
Why are you shining?
because of the adrenaline rush
- yes- that is
But mostly because you 're still alive
You face your deepest fears in a safe environment
This is the release of fear, it will free you
yes, that 's right
What we 're working on right now is the most personal survival thriller game ever made
Great to use your own mind to scare you
Sounds . . . crazy
can 't wait
- I am uploading a packet over the Internet
- Neural network seal . . .
It might take a while to understand that it 's all 90 's stuff
Just kidding, the name is well made
This is the most advanced smart software
It learns and adapts quickly
Monitor your brain activity and try to identify what scares you the most and then adjust your experience accordingly
- Are you ready? - All right
- Let 's get started, okay, it 's ready
- close your eyes
- The current time is 6:17pm
uploading
5 、 4 、 3 、 2 、 1
how do you feel?
- feels good
very normal
stand up slowly
Ready to start playing?
Isn 't this the 'Haleck Ghost' house?
It 's part of the whole estate
It 's actually the gamekeeper 's house, but that 's right, that 's the model
Scan the structure according to the game replication pattern
very cool. . .
what game is this? What should I do?
you don 't have to do anything
Just stay here alone and see how long you can last until you 're too scared to go on
So I just stay here? Got money?
I 'll be watching from the back control room
There are cameras everywhere, no stealing silverware
and this
- What 's this?
- walkie-talkie
Yes, once we put it on, we can stay connected the whole time
I can talk to you, will you hear?
marvelous
Nothing you see can hurt you
It 's all audio-visual effects like whack-a-mole
very good
But if the effect is too severe, we can get you out at any time
- stop experiment
- Okay, do you have any security codes in mind?
Words that are easy to remember under stress?
- How about 'stop'?
- Good choice,
Then 'stop'
Okay, so let 's enjoy tonight
- it is good
- you 'll hear my voice later
- Make this your home
- Okay, don 't be too hard
Halleck Ghost
is this real?
yes, really dead . . .
- Cooper
- Hello
- Can you hear me?
- clear
I 've been thinking about drinking to be brave.
- but those wines do not contain alcohol
- it sucks
- we need you to stay awake
- Makes sense
This technology is really superb, awesome
first class carpentry
- that 's right here
- Amazing power of observation
everything is right
- damn
- What 's wrong?
I just forgot I didn 't have my phone
Still looking, I forgot not in my pocket
no tv here
Welcome to the 19th century without TV, internet and wireless
No wonder they see dirty stuff
Might be hallucinations
This is the heck of a major theory
The mind will be confused when there is no external stimulus
The fewer distractions, the more ghosts people see
really useful information
But there are books to read
It 's kind
Omg, I can 't remember when was the last time I read a book
Thinking that people in the past would still pick up books to read
I know, it 's crazy, why?
- You know, I feel like I 'm . . .
- Okay, I 'm going to retro,
I have to concentrate, sorry
Can I say your heart is beating faster?
Yes, because there is an oversized spider
Did you see a spider?
- You didn 't see that?
- No
don 't . . . come over . . .
- Terrible
- A tough guy like you is afraid of spiders?
I just don 't like spiders
The system quickly finds out that you have arachnophobia
It 's spying on your weakness
Damn it, long live
It 's a lot more real than a game of whack-a-mole
Great, the image is very realistic
good, yes
Well, that 's not scary enough
what 's up?
Just . . . nothing . . . seems to have . . .
No, there 's a light on at . . .
Can you pull the lens here?
So you know what I 'm talking about
- Cooper
- There are. . .
window has a person
no. . .
he 's gone now
The windows are gone now
This is. . .
yes, yes. . .
It 's just a leaking water pipe
I knew it
It 's a water pipe leak
dying
damn
it is good
you scared me . . .
- what did you see?
- spooky weirdo
Incredible . . . oh my god
He looks just like Josh Peters
- You are Josh Peters . . .
- what?
you are josh peters from high school
my friend in high school
The system may mine some of your private memories
Was Josh Peters the guy you dreaded in high school?
He 's a bully, I 'm not afraid...
I 'm not afraid of him, but he 's a bully . . .
Gosh, if I get a few more Israeli close-quarters classes I 'll be ready . . .
I 'll be ready
Kalima
i want some wine
I 'll give you a drink but I don 't think you can drink it
See you later, Peters
This non-alcoholic beer is delicious
I 'm no expert, but this is good stuff
i have been to france
Live in a vineyard and they have a wine . . . from the stomping festival
That wine is really good, I know
you 're rambling
- What is gossiping?
- talkative
small talk
Is this a problem?
Some people talk more when they are afraid
able to compensate for fear
- Can also hide fear - can it?
Similar to turning on the TV late at night
Sound can make you feel less alone
even if you are alone
You can 't scare me, Katie
it 's a pity
- Is there a refrigerator or something here?
- There are some snacks in the cupboard
Okay, the pawn point will point to . . .
you, ok ok, gingerbread cookies
Let me see
yes
This will do
If I close the door, he will show up in the back, right?
Yes, that 's the rule
known long time ago
Sudden panic is no longer
God damn it
- What the hell is that?
- what did you see?
enough bullshit
one . . .
hard to explain
A big human-faced spider with its mouth sticking out
It 's . . Peters is in it . . .
like a fusion of peters and spiders
God, Katie, are you kidding or am I hallucinating?
I think it 's your hallucination
I 'm super confused
god damn
Damn, you 're disgusting enough
Sorry, can you say that again?
Katie, are you there?
Damn, Katie
Anyway . . . just say it when you 're on the line
You know I 'm not afraid, just bored
Is that you?
Want to fix the headphones?
this might be a good idea
damn
open soon
you are in danger
Sonia?
That 's like talking
pretty amazing
It 's quite a set
I deeply admire my . . .
you look so real
you look like her
sharp
just . . . it 's a pity you 're not
- Cooper, what are you doing?
- Cooper, you are in danger
- quiet . . . i need to think
you are super real . . .
- Cooper, you . . .
- Sonia, you 're really here
- Are you really here now?
- I 'm real, I 'm really here
we must leave
you have to listen to me
how are you here?
Do you remember that photo you sent me?
I looked into it and apparently Saito Shoyu applied for a patent last year for a computer and brain interaction system
How can you be real? I don 't. . .
well, damn...
they brought you here
you 're real, they brought you here they want to mess with me, it 's a clever trick . . .
I understand,
This is part of the test
His patent was rejected on the spot
They say it 's crazy and dangerous
Yeah? How much do they pay you?
Really, because you act so well
Cooper, did they give you anything?
sorry i thought you were fake
But now I know you 're real I didn 't treat you well
I have some non-alcoholic wine
Maybe let 's relax a bit
Cooper, what I want to do is . . .
- Let 's go to the kitchen and talk
- Cooper
Sonia, take it easy, okay?
Give it up, you are showing off, stop acting
Listen, Cooper, it 's not over yet
Five people disappeared last year
It 's all tourists, they 're all registered in that stupid engineering style
Yeah? that 's horrible
no matter what they are doing to you or what they have done to you
It 's all dangerous, we really need to go, Cooper
it is good. . .
- if what you say is true . . .
- Cooper
- So how did you find me?
- what? How did you know about this place?
This is the game company, I found the address
Yeah?
no . . . how did you find me here? this place
I follow you - you follow me?
- Yes, using your phone 's satellite positioning
The 'Find My Friends' feature . . .
Seems to make sense but they took my phone
And that place is about 1. 5 km from here
That 's a good move, Brilliant.
Stop saying that women are smarter than men. 'Odd' is wrong
listen, i just said
You should be able to come up with better stories that can be funny, or . . .
ok . . . don 't get mad
Have you ever wondered why your bank account was hacked?
What are you doing
I copy your credit card while you sleep
OK, put the knife down, what are you doing with the knife?
I deliberately let you find this job
Sonia, put down that damn knife, okay?
it 's not funny
You should call your mother, Cooper
- but you call me and I guide you here
- do you know?
- Breadcrumb path
put the knife down
stop now
Well, seriously, put the knife down, Sonia
it 's not funny
put the knife down
That 's not what I 'm here for
I 'm not playing, okay?
damn
What are you doing?
- Cooper, what happened?
What just happened?
What 's wrong?
we keep talking
- you haven 't answered
- You said I wouldn 't feel anything
what did you see?
what 's there?
- Damn, she 's gone
- Who is missing?
God, I feel it
There 's a knife in my arm
- into my shoulder
- Cooper, who 's been there?
- Damn, Sonia
- Who?
Sonia, she 's the damn girl I know...
she stabbed me
- she took a knife
- Nothing can hurt you, Cooper
- no . . . she 's real
- No, she can 't be
She . . I was stabbed
I know
Nothing you see can hurt you or even touch you
This is purely audiovisual
- no entity perception
- Damn, obviously there is
- Cooper, you have to calm down
- I know because I feel it, understand?
I touch her arm, it 's hot I feel her thrust into my shoulder
- it can 't be - my god
- It 's impossible, Cooper
- possible. . .
Entity perception should not happen
- Unless . . . - God,
unless what? do not know,
Neural nets may figure out some way to replicate physical experience
- But this is the first time
- oh my goodness, you know what? stop this game
I 'm getting out, get me out now
stop . . . security code
stop damn it
- ok . . . we 'll deal with it
- Oh my God
No, I 'm about to quit this shit
Cooper, don 't try to take it out on your own
Self-removal is extremely dangerous
stop, it could kill you
keep cool
Is that Saito?
Is that Saito?
what did he say. . .
we 're going to start dismantling
good news
We want you to follow the directions to the meeting point
Meeting point?
Very good
Where 's the damn rendezvous?
- Damn, and stairs?
please
- Just one more floor up
- Trust me
top left turn
- OK, which door?
- the bottom room
What 's wrong?
There must be something behind the door, I can feel it
- like . . .
- Like what? some personal worst memories
Like . . . I don 't know, but I can feel it digging into my brain
Cooper, open the door
Must be my mom I don 't know, dead
- your mother?
- Swing on a boom
- your mother is not in there
It 's not something you can control
It 's in my head, it all knows . . .
- it knows
- What does it know?
It knows I have a crush on my mom
Cooper, I assure you she 's not in there
- now go open the door - oh my god
It 's the only way I can get you out
listen to me . . .
damn
Nothing inside can hurt you
But I can 't get you out unless you open the door, Cooper
- Could you open the door, please?
- come on. . .
ok . . . i 'm in the room
Where is the meeting point?
Meeting point?
- no meeting point
- what?
I 'm kidding you, Cooper
I just want to see if you can follow our instructions without question
- Seems to be a success
- No . . . Katie, please . . . let me out
Katie, let me out, please, what are you doing?
What are you going to do?
what are you doing to me?
- Why are you doing this?
- you thought you 'd meet your mother
- damn
- What does she look like?
Your mother, can you describe what she looks like?
her hair color?
Is she tall, short, fat, thin?
where did you grow up?
Which band do you like best?
What 's your favorite flavor of ice cream?
What 's the name of the girl who stabbed you?
You don 't know these things, do you?
Don 't you think it 's weird?
- it 's taking my memory
- Strictly speaking reshape
- Damn - look in the mirror behind you
Do you recognize yourself?
Do you know who you are looking at?
You 'll be nothing soon
you will be like your dad
- Shut up. . .
- Are you afraid of this?
- you are following in his footsteps
Shut up. . .
- you 're not going anywhere
- Shut up. . .
you should call your mother
she is yours
- you abandoned her
get out of my head
you will never see your mother again
You can 't go anywhere, completely forgotten
You deserve it, you should call her get out of my head now
Cooper, I 'm closing down, okay?
I just need to connect
where am i?
Who are you?
i can 't stop
i don 't know who i am
so i 'm going home
The data of this interface spreads like a root
They poke deeper than expected
Get into the brain, take over the whole area I can 't stop it
I can 't take it out, I can 't stop it
But I don 't know who I am
i don 't know who i am
i don 't know who i am
On behalf of the Saito Games team, I would like to express my deepest apologies to you
Who are you?
what did you do to me?
- what did you do to me?
- put him with other people
Just a second
Either he is super sensitive to the system or the software effect is too strong
Jump from 0 to 1 8 0 0 0 in 5 milliseconds
The experience was stronger than expected, Mr. Cooper
hope you can forgive us
All luggage is under the front seat
Please turn off all electronic equipment now and put them away as they may interfere with flight and communication systems
mom?
i have to call him
Why is Cooper leaving?
- I. . .
- Mom, here I am
- I 'm right here, mom
- I have to call Cooper
I have to call to make sure he 's safe
I have to call him . . .
