There 's a gentlemen downstairs 
Ask him to wait a moment , Mrs. Hudson 
He 's most insistent 
Easy now . Easy 
I must apologize 
I have been a little overwrought 
I 'm a doctor , sir , and I must insist that you relax yourself and say nothing until you have eaten 
Thank you 
If I might have a biscuit and a glass of milk ,
I have no doubt I should soon be better 
Mrs. Hudson is preparing something at this moment 
Please , please , please forgive this weakness 
I really must 
Mr. Holmes 
At your service . Master of arts 
Doctor of Philosophy 
Principal of the Priory School 
Is it not everyday , Doctor Huxtable ,
that so distinguished a castaway as yourself is beached upon on the hearthrug 
In speculating what storm had blown you here
I took the liberty of searching your person , I hope you will forgive me 
Oh yes , yes of course 
Please sit down 
Your watch 
Unblemished for at least thirty years , suddenly this morning scratched 
When you thrust those coins , unthinkingly into your waistcoat pocket 
The stern habit of a lifetime trampled under foot 
A small occurrence perhaps but own small think in a way that a vibrating needle may signal an earthquake
The state of your beard demonstrates a considerable disruption to your routine 
Three days ago ?
Just so 
Mr. Holmes , I beg you to accompany me north to Mackleton immediately 
A matter of the utmost importance 
I regret 
Doctor Watson and I are extremely pressed just at the moment 
I 'm retained in the case of the Ferrers Documents , and
Doctor Watson tells me that he 's run off his feet by this recent epidemic of this Scarlet Fever 
And then of course , there 's Abergavenny murder coming up for trial 
Now , only a very important issue could call us away at the present 
Important , sir ?
Important ?
I dare say you 've heard of the Duke of Holdernesse ?
The former cabinet minister ?
More than that , Watson 
The letters after his name , huh , almost half the alphabet 
One of the greatest subjects of the crown , hey Doctor Huxtable ?
One of the greatest and probably one of the wealthiest ,
He is also , I 'm proud to say , in my neighbor 
Holdernesse Hall , his countryseat , is across from the valley from the Priory School 
Duke is an intensely solitary man 
He appalls the prospect of public scrutiny but such is his anxiety in this matter that his grace is prepared to write a check for five thousand pounds to see the business off and another thousand pounds to see justice visited upon the villains 
That is how important it is 
A princely offer , Doctor Huxtable 
You have failed in describing villainy 
Forgive me 
Lord Saltire , the Duke 's son , his only child , has been abducted 
From the Priory School ?
Yes 
When he was in your care ? Quite ,
And this abduction happened three days ago ?
Last Saturday night 
Why have you waited so long before consulting me ?
His Grace has a deep horror of his family unhappiness being dragged before the world 
The police have been requested by the Duke to proceed with such caution that they 
I see 
This affair has been deplorably handled 
I feel it and admit it 
What form of the demand for ransom take ?
There has been none 
No demand for ransom ?
None 
It is one of the most perplexing aspects of the business for the boy was not alone in his flight 
Herr Heidegger , the German master , is also missing as indeed ,
by the way , is his bicycle 
lf he has abducted the boy why has no demand for money been received ?
Heidegger came to me from Switzerland with the very best references 
Was any other bicycle missing ?
Oh no 
You 're certain ?
Quite Mr. Aveling checked all the bicycles 
Doctor Huxtable do you really mean to suggest that this German master rode off upon his bicycle in the dead of night bearing the boy in his arms ?
No 
Then what is this theory in your mind ?
The bicycle may have been a blind 
He may have hidden it somewhere , and the pair gone off on foot 
Surely he would have hidden a couple of bicycles if he desired to give that impression 
Yes I suppose he would 
Of course he would Doctor Huxtable , this blind theory of yours will not do 
It is an admirable starting point for an investigation 
Watson , would you send for the cab immediately ?
Now Holmes ?
Set , and pack 
We got just enough time to catch the overnight train 
Doctor Huxtable I shall do a little work at your doors 
Perhaps the train is not so cold but the two old hounds like Watson and myself make get a sniff on it 
I imagine the arrival of Lord Saltire at your school must have been quite a feather in your cap 
My proudest moment , Mr. Holmes 
Ever since Blackwell 's published Huxtable 's Sidelights on Horace , a notable little success in his day 
You may have heard of it 
No 
How old is the boy ?
Nine 
And he 's been with you how long ?
Oh since the beginning of the winter term 
An unusual boy , he seemed to be fitting in well 
He um 
Yes ?
I was about to say he was not entirely happy at home 
The Duke 's marriage has not been a peaceful one 
It ended in separation by mutual consent last year 
The Duchess has returned to her father 's palazzo in Venice 
This picture , of the Duke 's marriage , how did you come by it ?
Is it common knowledge ?
I 've had some confidential talks with Mr. Wilder , the Duke 's secretary 
He 's been most helpful 
And I suppose it has been established that the boy has not returned to his mother in Italy ?
Oh yes . Yes it has 
I cannot tell you , Mr. Holmes , what a relief it is to me 
Watson ?
Your picnic , sir 
Mrs. Hudson , How did you guess ?
Experience , Mr. Holmes 
Well that means the two doctors can picnic away to their hearts content on the train 
Even I may find my appetite is keener for a few days in the bracing atmosphere of the peat country 
I think I will do myself no injustice when I say that the Priory School is the most select preparatory school in England 
Lord Leverstoke , the Earl of Blackwater , Sir Cathcart Soames
they all have entrusted their sons to me 
You can 't see Holdernesse Hall from here but there 's a very fine view from the chapel tower 
I will begin with the boy 's room 
From his father ?
It arrived on the morning of his disappearance 
Had he received one from Italy ?
Not recently 
Where is the letter now ?
It cannot be found 
It must have been on the boy 's person when he was abducted 
Who sleeps in the adjoining room ?
It 's all right , just keep it in . I know this sort of chap I dare say 
He could sleep through a thunderstorm 
I don 't think he would sir 
Really , And why is that do you suppose ?
There 's a mouse sir , ln the wainscot , sir 
And it wakes us both up sir , Sometimes sir 
Mouse ?
So any noise from Lord Saltire 's room 
Well the door creaks sir 
You always hear the door 
On the night of the disappearance , did you hear anything then ?
No sir 
You couldn 't even hear the crying 
Crying ?
Yes sir 
He sometimes cries sir 
Sometimes sir 
Thank you boys 
You have found nothing in the grounds ?
There 's no knowing what I have found 
The trail is cold 
Headmaster !
Headmaster !
The Duke of Holdernesse is here headmaster 
Thank you , Mr. Aveling 
Mr. Holmes ?
Yes 
The Duke is waiting , Mr. Holmes 
That will never do 
Your Grace 
Mr. Wilder 
I called yesterday , Doctor Huxtable ,
but I was too late to prevent your starting for London 
His Grace is surprised , Doctor Huxtable ,
that you should of invited Mr. Holmes to undertake an investigation without consulting him first 
Well I thought that the police had failed 
It is by no means certain that the police have failed 
Yes , but surely , Mr. Wilder 
You 're well aware , Doctor Huxtable , how anxious his Grace is to avoid all public scandal 
He prefers to take as few people as possible into his confidence 
I 'm sorry , Mr. Wilder 
The matter is easily remedied 
Mr. Sherlock Holmes can return to London by the morning train 
Hardly that Hardly that
I enjoy your invigorating northern air 
I shall spend , at any rate , a few days upon your moors 
Who knows I may at least find Herr Heidegger 's bicycle if nothing else 
This is not a trivial matter , Mr. Holmes 
I am gratified that you think not , your Grace 
lf there was meaning in that remark , Mr. Holmes ,
I 'm afraid it escaped me 
Your only child has disappeared 
Your hopes , your future , your noble family itself is threatened with disillusion 
Your point , sir ?
I ask your Grace , what is modesty to this to your child 's life ?
Or his reputation ?
Not then it might be replied what is continuance without honor ?
However , I believe you are largely in the right , Mr. Holmes 
lf you refer to the constraints I have placed upon the activities of the police then perhaps I have imposed too much 
I have a morbid fear of the public gaze 
It would be foolish not to avail ourselves of Mr. Holmes services , James , now that he is here 
Mr. Holmes ?
Your Grace ?
Perhaps you would like to come and stay with us at Holdernesse Hall 
I thank your Grace but I think for the purposes of my investigation it would be wiser for me to remain here at the scene of the mystery 
As you wish
Mr. Wilder or myself will be available to provide you with any assistance that you might require 
Might I ask whether you have formed any explanation as to the mysterious disappearance of your son ?
No sir , I have not 
He is a fine boy , Mr. Holmes 
And how long has he been in your class ?
Since his arrival here 
Did he speak much of his family ?
Not much 
It 's my belief that he missed his mother this is something of his father 's doing 
The separation between the Duke and the Duchess , did he talk about that ?
Not really 
It 's a little mysterious 
The boy insisted that they loved each other very much 
You don 't think that he 'd be whistling in the wind to cheer himself up ?
No he is a very realistic child 
Awe , but not a very realistic family 
I was told that they were once members of the Hellfire Club 
You wouldn 't know , I suppose , what time Herr Heidegger retired to his room on the night of the disappearance ?
Not really but quite late 
After eleven 
He was duty round master that night 
And a cyclists I believe ?
Yes , oh yes 
Did Lord Saltire ever accompany him 
No he is not yet able to retain his balance 
You wouldn 't , I suppose , happen to know the make of tires on Herr Heidegger 's bicycle ?
Certainly 
A lovely bicycle by the way made in Bramen 
The tires were Palmer , you know the ones with longitudinal tread 
I know the ones 
Thank you 
Doubly helpful 
Pleasure , Mr. Holmes 
Dinner will be at eight 
I beg your pardon 
Holmes ?
This case grows upon me , Watson 
There are decidedly points of interest in connection with it 
Here look at this map 
There are certain geographical features , which may have a good deal to do with our investigation 
This dark square is the Priory School 
This , the main road with no side turning for a mile either way 
To the north of the school the land rises slowly 
To the south , a large district of arable land with high walls and hedgerows ,
impossible territory for a bicycle 
Oh what did you discover at Oakborn ?
Well the police had reports from all over the place on a man and a boy seen together 
They completed their investigation on the site early this morning 
What result ?
Useless 
None bore the slightest resemblance of the boy or the German master 
Excellent 
This mass of mistaken sightings , Watson , it confirms my suspicion 
I don 't believe they used the road 
That path of curiosity of quiet places will surely find the light 
I don 't think they used the road at all 
But the bicycle ?
A good cyclist does not need a road , Watson 
The moor is intersected with paths 
I remember the moons that were full 
Now it is to the north that our quest must lie 
You have done well , Watson 
Dinner 's soon , you 'll be happy to hear but I have do just have one point on which I need to be satisfied 
Herr Heidegger 's room 
Ten minutes 
Doctor Holmes is being delving into the origins of the Holdernesse family 
Like many ancient lines it sprang from a very muddy source 
Muddy Doctor ?
Well not to be too delicate about it , they were cattle thieves 
A worrier class , ingenious , daring but the basis of their wealth was running off with other people 's cows 
Holmes even tells me that Holdenesse has furnished one of the madder members of the Hell Fire Club 
What is the matter Doctor Huxtable ?
It is nothing 
But it 's clearly something 
I expect too much I 'm sure 
It is a part- time job 
Tell us your expectations ?
I do not expect miracles 
I think I am not a man who demands the miraculous ... but you have discovered nothing 
We haven 't found not a jot since the moment we left London 
Although indeed that is not true 
You have discovered two things , both falshoods 
One , a squalid piece of gossip and the other an apocryphal and insulting fancy about the origins of my great patron 
I did not employ you to come here to blacken the name of the Holdernesses , Mr. Holmes 
Calm yourself , Doctor Huxtable 
We have in fact , found some way 
I can describe to you in some detail what took place in this school on that fateful night 
Also the behavior of your excellent and faithful German master 
Faithful , Heidegger ?
What sir ?
Herr Heidegger retired to his room soon after eleven o 'clock 
He was the duty master that night 
Now my friend and colleague , Doctor Watson , will impersonate 
Heidegger has still two hours work ahead of him and it 's been a long day 
He allows himself the comfort of removing his jacket 
He moves across to the chest by the door and pours himself a glass of sherry 
Badly needed fortification of the task that lies ahead 
He collects the candle and moves to his desk to correct twenty- two exercise books , which contain not only Grammatik exercises but also a lengthy composition 
You see my point , Doctor Huxtable ,
it would have been well after midnight if he had done nothing else ,
when his candle fails him 
The candles are kept in the chest by the door 
He arises from the desk to fetch another one but he cannot see to find them ,
so he turns to the windows to draw the curtains to see better by the moonlight 
Across the rooftops on the gate tower the boy has been waiting for darkness , knowing that his flight must not be observed 
Herr Heidegger watches as the boy hurries across the ledge to keep his prearranged meeting by the river 
Sensing the enormity of what was taking place ,
Heidegger runs to the door , knocking over what remains of his glass sherry as he goes 
I see 
Thank you 
It seems I misjudged you 
The wisdom of his choice to pursue the boy is questionable 
I believe his fate may be sealed 
You 'll allow me , Mr. Holmes ?
Do you mean 
I hope not but if my reasoning is correct then I do fear for him 
And the boy ?
The key to that , Doctor Huxtable ,
remains out there 
Beyond the Drover 's Bridge 
Poor beast 
Carrying crows . They ruin their name 
So were assuming the boy was taken away on horseback are we not ?
Certainly 
Otherwise Heidegger would not have needed a bicycle to pursue them 
But the only tracks we 've found are cattle , Holmes 
Holmes ?
A track , Watson !
A track 
A bicycle ?
Certainly a bicycle but not the bicycle 
I 'm familiar with forty- two different impressions left by tires 
This is a Dunlop with a patch upon the outer cover 
Heidegger 's tires were Palmers . This is not Heidegger 's track 
Who 's then ?
Who 's indeed ?
Watson !
These are Palmer tracks Heidegger has been this way 
Absolutely extraordinary 
Dunlop tracks for a hundred fifty yards ,
they vanish and Palmer tracks quite clear leading to these rocks , they vanish too 
Not a sign of a horse anywhere 
Watson , you have a blazing talent for observing the obvious 
I should have brought some luncheon 
Anyway what was Herr Heidegger cycling after ,
cows ?
Presumably they didn 't abduct the child on the back of a cow 
All traces of horses obliterated 
ln much evidence the two bicycles have vanished into thin air 
lmpossible . Precisely 
It is impossible as we have mistaken it ,
therefore , in some respect , we must have mistaken it wrong 
There 's a hostelry mark on the further edge of the moor 
Holmes , there 's a hostelry on the Chesterfield Road 
Yes if he we keep on this line we should come up to it ,
Well that 's where I 'm going to try my luck 
I 'm hungry 
Holmes ?
Lunch , of course my dear fellow you must be starving 
Now observe that map 
You will see that there 's a hostelry about three miles in this direction 
We 'll need some food if we 're going to face the Duke of Holdernesse later 
Nothing ?
Nothing . I must tell his Grace 
Nothing ?
Nothing 
I 'm sorry 
I 'm sorry 
It 's locked 
Primitive but forceful as sporting portraits go 
Mr. Reuben Hayes ?
How do you know my name ?
It 's printed over the door 
We were looking for some refreshment 
Were ya ?
And would be obliged if you could furnish it 
Would ya ?
We would 
You must ask the woman 
Insufferable lout 
If were going all the way to Holdernesse Hall this afternoon ,
let us try to hire those unpreconditioned beasts 
What do you say ?
How far are you taking them ?
Just to the Hall and back , You know the way , I dare say ?
I worked there for fifteen years 
Yeah , you can take them 
My word , Mr. Hayes , you have injured yourself 
It 's nothing 
I am a Doctor sir , and assure you it is 
You should have it attended 
How did you come by it ?
One of my dogs did it 
Those scratches 
What about them ?
Well at a gentler glance they were that far apart 
What animal would make such a scratch ?
Probably a descendent of the champion jack 
Cockfighting is forbidden by law and has been for fifty years 
Many things are forbidden by law 
What law is there in such places as these ?
Excellent , Mrs. Hayes , thank you 
What have you cooked ?
Blood pudding , sweets and 
How is it , Watson ?
It is disgusting , Holmes 
That woman , she 's frightened of something and more than that husband of hers 
Deception upon deception 
What was it intended to hide ?
Deception ?
Oh , Watson ,
my horse is lame 
That 's odd 
Old shoes , new nails 
Gentlemen 
His Grace will see you now 
Awe , Mr. Wilder 
Mr. Holmes , Doctor Watson , welcome to Holdernesse Hall 
His Grace will be joining us shortly 
We are placing high hopes on your skills Mr. Holmes 
Did you bring news ?
There is just one point in which I need to be satisfied 
Yes Mr. Holmes ?
It concerns the Duke 's private concerns 
As his Grace 's private secretary perhaps I can be of some assistance 
I believe his Grace wrote to his son upon the day this incident occurred 
No I believe he wrote on the day before 
Yes but he would have received it upon that day 
Yes , quite probably 
Might there have been anything in that letter which would have prompted the boy to run away ?
Oh , I hardly think so 
Anyway he would have run here if anywhere 
Or to his mother in ltaly ?
No sir 
Lord Saltire would realize the impossibility of achieving such a goal 
Even if abetted by this German , he is an intelligent and practical child 
And yet he cries in his sleep . Did his Grace post the letter himself ?
His Grace is not in the habit of posting letters 
The letter was laid with others upon the study table and I , myself , put them there 
The only other person who would handle them would be Rivers who delivers the Daily Post to the lodge 
And you 're sure this letter was among them ? Oh yes 
I observed it ,
And what have you observed , Mr. Holmes ?
How does your investigation progress ?
Are you to disappoint me ?
I hope still to render your greater happier and myself a richer man 
And what have you discovered ?
It is mostly a matter of clarification 
My belief is that the boy was tempted out of the school by a prearrangement and I suspect that his mother may have been the bait 
The German master observed his departure and set off in pursuit 
We tracked the passage of his bicycle across the moors with much difficulty 
It is almost as if the tracks were deliberately sponged by someone 
Mr. Holmes ?
Someone driving cattle 
You don 't happen to know if the cattle on the moor 
What about them ?
I hope you have seen none 
We cannot winter cattle outside in our upland climate 
They will not be out of the yard for , oh at least another two weeks 
Then I 've been as blind as the beetle 
I thank you , Grace 
Old shoes and new nails !
Old shoes and new nails !
Holmes there 's something you should see !
It is a remarkable 
Do you see those horseshoes ? I saw them 
Whoever took Lord Holdernesse shoed their horses with different horseshoes to escape detection 
Reuben Hayes took advantage of a piece of local history ?
It 's bad Watson , bad 
Those vultures of the north mark the spot 
German master 
What 's left of him ?
Hello !
Hello , hello !
Skin and blood 
Only a microscope would tell if it 's human 
A consistent no doubt to the scratch on Hayes neck 
Cause of death ?
Strangulation 
The larynx is quite crushed 
That shepherd can be our messenger to the priory school with the news of this tragedy 
We must proceed on foot , Watson 
I was warm !
at that lnn , warm as the children say 
The trail grows colder every step I take away from it 
How was I supposed to know where to put the body 
It 's all over now , Arthur 
Reuben Hayes 
Let 's hope we 're not too late 
A Dunlop with a patch on the outer cover 
What happened here , Mrs. Hayes ?
I 'm satisfied that you have no liking for this business and that you acted under coercion 
Someone came for the boy 
The Duke 's secretary , Mr. Wilder ?
Which way did they go ?
Across the moor ?
Aboard the Chesterfield Road where 
Excellent , Mrs. Hayes 
I must alert the Duke 's household , Watson 
You are now the boy 's guardian angel 
I fancy I see your Grace 's checkbook upon your desk 
I would be glad if you would make me out a check for six thousand pounds 
Perhaps it would be best if you were to cross it 
The Capital and counties Bank , Oxford Street branch , are my agents 
I do not possess a temperament , Mr. Holmes that appreciates the kind of acidulous pleasantry that clearly amuses you 
I am sorry , but I do not see how James ,
Mr. Wilder could possibly be implicated in this business and you average not proof of it 
But I possess the proof It is beyond debate 
The mud is scarcely dry on the cloven horseshoes in your casements 
Why do you doubt my word ?
You seem to suffer from a blindness 
Your own interest , which borders on madness 
Your Grace , those portraits in the hall of you and your father as young men ,
there your family liniments are very clear ,
How long has Mr. Wilder been in your service ?
What is your meaning ?
How dare you sir !
You do not understand !
You are a barbarian !
You will never ... please leave me immediately 
I won 't 
I 
Then it is as I suspected 
Mr. James Wilder is your son 
When I was a very young man , Mr. Holmes ,
I loved with such a love that comes only once in a lifetime 
I offered the lady marriage but she refused it on the grounds that such a match might mar my career 
Had she lived I would certainly never had married anyone else but ... she died and left with one child ,
James , whom for her sake I have tended and cared for 
I could not acknowledge paternity to the world but in all other ways I have treated him like my son 
He has required , but not warranted , a father 's forgiveness many times and I have forgiven 
I have forgiven 
I have forgiven much 
Awe your Grace you have done all you can for Mr. Wilder 
You must realize that he is lost to you 
He 's conspired to abduct Lord Saltire 
He 's an accessory to a murder , however unwittingly 
He must be found before he 's attempted to a crime even more terrible 
He must be found before you loose the son that is left to you 
Rivers 
You are to organize a search of the moor 
West Woods in a line from the temple to the pavilion 
You are to employ the entire staff without exception 
You are looking for my son , Lord Saltire 
lf you find Mr. Wilder , please see that he is detained and brought to me 
Wilder intercepted your letter and substituted a note which deceived your son into believing that he was to see his mother 
The murderous Hayes was his paid accomplice but the police have been alerted 
Hayes will not escape 
Watson ?
I tracked them over to the moor but they disappeared 
I searched the area but it 's as if the earth just swallowed them up 
With my research into your family history
I 've seemed to recall mention of a huge limestone cavern where the stolen cattle were penned 
The cathedral 
Come on 
Come on !
Hand him over . No !
You shall not have him !
Father ! Come Father !
Father !
Father !
James !
I was disposed to love Francesca and not with a boy 's passion but with a man 's love 
My marriage to her founded on James jealousy 
As long as I could see , his mother 's face and manner in him ,
James knew he could keep me from the love I owed my wife 
Even his cruelty to Arthur ,
I could not send him away even for that 
So I sent Arthur away instead 
What did he hope to achieve by kidnapping his brother ?
Money ?
Legitimacy ?
And power 
Power over me 
He delighted in exercising power over me , for me and you were to have denied him power 
But you suspected that he was behind the abduction ?
In my darkest moments , yes 
Yet somehow I hoped to ... save him 
Well , a long penance it had seemed 
I can only hope that Francesca will forgive me 
Thank you , Mr. Holmes 
Your Grace ?
This is a king 's ransom 
You have given me back my future 
Psst !!
Got you !
Now look here 
But mum !
Close the window , John 
To Sherlock Holmes , she was always " the woman , " the beautiful Irena Adler of dubious and questionable memory 
At the time of our involvement in the Irena Adler case ,
Holmes and I had been sharing rooms in Baker Street for some years 
My practice had caused me to be absent in the country for several days 
As usual , after leaving Holmes for any length of time ,
I returned filled with apprehension as to his mood 
Oh !
Oh , hello , Mrs. Hudson 
Dr. Watson , just look at you , half soaked to the skin !
Yes , well , I am not surprised ,
I have just spent 20 minutes standing in the pouring rain waiting for a cab 
It won 't do that old wound of yours any good getting so wet , Doctor 
I know 
I 'll just take this coat and your hat and see that they 're properly dried 
Mrs. Hudson , I haven 't eaten all day 
I do hope supper will be up very soon . That 's very doubtful 
I don 't know what 's come over Mr. Holmes , he seems to be all on edge 
I 'm not to bring up supper until I 'm called 
Those are his orders 
Thank you , Mrs. Hudson 
My dear Holmes ,
what is it tonight , morphine or cocaine ?
Well , I can strongly recommend a seven percent solution of cocaine 
Would you care to try it ?
No , indeed !
I speak not only as your friend , but as a medical man 
How can you risk such damage to the great powers with which you have been endowed ? !
I cannot tell you how it clarifies and stimulates the mind 
Yes , and destroys it in time !
My mind rebels at stagnation 
Give me problems , give me work , give me the most abstruse cryptogram , the most intricate analysis , and I 'm in my proper atmosphere 
Then I can dispense with artificial stimulants 
But I abhor the dull routine of existence 
I crave mental exultation 
That is why I have chosen my own profession , or rather created it ,  for I am the only one in the world 
The only unofficial detective 
The only unofficial consulting detective 
I take no credit in my cases 
The work itself , the pleasure of finding a field for my particular powers is my highest reward 
You can close that drawer 
You have made the wrong diagnosis , Doctor !
I have my stimulant here 
I hope you enjoyed your week in the country 
It was good for the appetite 
Incidentally , I do wish you would ring for supper 
What is this ?
Yes , I must get ready for my visitor 
It came by the morning post 
Give me your observations 
Well , it 's undated and without either signature or address 
Good , read it aloud 
" Dear Mr. Holmes :
There will call upon you tonight at a quarter to eight a gentleman who "
-- good heavens , we 've only a few minutes , Holmes 
Go on 
" A gentleman who desires to consult with you upon a matter of the very deepest moment 
Your recent services to one of the royal houses of Europe have shown that you are one who may be safely trusted with matters which are of an importance which can hardly be exaggerated 
This account of you we have from all quarters received , be in your chamber then . "
Good -- good heavens , this is a mystery , indeed 
What do you imagine it means ?
I have no data yet 
It is a capital mistake to theorize before one has data 
Mm 
But the note itself , what do you deduce from it ?
It 's a man 's writing 
Good 
Presumably well- to- do ,
it 's expensive paper , this 
It 's peculiarly strong and stiff 
Peculiar , that is the very word 
It is not English paper at all 
Hold it up to the light 
Ah , large E , small g , large P , and G with a small t woven into the texture 
And that is ?
Maker 's monogram 
Excellent , Watson !
Come along !
Let us consult our continental gazetteer 
Your cigars ; you see , I was not unmindful of your return . Oh , Holmes !
Would you care for some whiskey ?
Later , perhaps , when we 've eaten 
The monogram is an abbreviation for Papier Gesellschaft , which is the German for " paper company . "
And the Eg , Eglow , Eglonitz , Egria , a German- speaking district of Bohemia noted for its numerous glass factories and paper mills , there 
Bohemia , the kingdom of Bohemia 
And the note is written by a German 
You see , " this account of you we have from all quarters received , " only a German is so uncourteous to his words 
So we are to expect a German from Bohemia 
Here he is , drawn by a pair , a nice little brougham 
There 's money in this case , Watson , if there 's nothing else 
Holmes , I think your visitor will want me out of the way 
Not a bit , Doctor , stay where you are !
I am lost without my Boswell 
But he sounded so secretive 
I may need your help , and so may he 
Now , stay in that armchair , and give me your full attention 
Here he comes 
I 'm sorry , sir , but you cannot come in here unannounced like this !
Mr. Holmes does not see anybody without appointment !
Oh , I 'm so sorry , Mr. Holmes !
There was nothing I could do !
It 's perfectly all right , Mrs. Hudson ! If you would kindly leave us 
Yes . And close the door 
Of course 
Thank you 
You read my note ? Yes 
Pray take a seat !
This is my friend and colleague , Dr. Watson , who is occasionally good enough to help me in my cases !
How do you do , sir 
Who do I have the honor to address ?
You may address me as the Count Von Kramm , a Bohemian nobleman 
I should much prefer to communicate with you alone 
No , it is both , or none 
You may say before this gentleman anything which you may wish to say to me 
Very well , I take your word that he is a man of honor and discretion 
But I must begin by binding you both to absolute secrecy for a period of two years 
Indeed ?
At the end of that time the matter will be of no importance 
At present it is of such weight that it may have an influence upon European history 
I promise 
And I
You will excuse this mask 
The august person who employs me wishes his agent to be unknown to you 
In fact , I may confess that the title I have given you is not exactly my own 
I was aware of that 
The circumstances are of great delicacy ; every precaution must be taken to prevent an immense scandal which would seriously compromise one of the royal houses of Europe 
To speak plainly , the matter concerns the great House of Ormstein , hereditary kings of Bohemia 
I was aware of that , too , your Majesty 
You are right 
I am the King 
Why should I attempt to conceal it ?
Why , indeed ?
Your Majesty had not spoken before I was aware that I was addressing
Wilhelm Gottsreich Sigismond von Ormstein ,
Grand Duke of Cassel- Felstein , and hereditary King of Bohemia 
And in passing , the finest dualist in Europe 
You have killed four opponents 
Honorably 
Of course 
The facts are briefly these :
Ah !
Some 10 years ago , during a lengthy visit to Warsaw ,
I made the acquaintance of the well known adventuress ,
Irena Adler 
The name is no doubt familiar to you 
Kindly look her up in my index , will you , Watson 
So , I deduce that your Majesty became entangled with this lady , wrote her some compromising letters , and is now desirous of getting them back 
Precisely so 
But how could you know that ?
Italian general 's staff 
Ah , Adler , Irena , born New Jersey , 1858 . Is this the lady ?
New Jersey , let me see 
Singer , contralto appeared at La Scala , opera houses Petersburg and Warsaw , retired from the operatic stage , now living in London , makes occasional concert appearances 
That is the lady 
Was there a secret marriage ? None 
No legal papers or certificates ?
None 
Then I fail to follow your Majesty 
If this person should produce your letters for blackmailing or other purposes , how is she to prove their authenticity ?
There is the writing . Pooh , pooh !
Forgery 
My private writing paper 
Stolen . My own seal 
Imitated 
My photograph 
Bought 
We were both in that photograph 
Oh , dear , dear , dear 
Yes , that is very bad 
Your Majesty has certainly committed an indiscretion 
She was beautiful , bewitching , clever , daring 
I was only Crown Prince then 
I was young !
I am but 30 now 
Of course , your Majesty has attempted to recover the photograph ?
We have tried and failed 
Then your Majesty must pay . It must be bought 
She will not sell 
Stolen , then 
Five attempts have been made 
Twice burglars in my pay ransacked her house 
Once we diverted her luggage when she traveled 
Twice she has been waylaid 
There has been no sign of it 
You mock ? !
It is serious ! Yes 
Yes , it is very serious , indeed 
Well , what does she propose to do with this photograph if not to extort money ?
To ruin me 
How ?
I 'm about to be married 
So I 've heard 
To the Princess Clotilde Lothman von Saxe- Meningen , and second daughter to the King of Scandinavia 
It is a brilliant match . Precisely 
But you will know the strict principles of her family 
She 's herself the soul of delicacy 
A shadow of doubt as to my conduct would bring the matter to an end 
And Irena Adler ?
Threatens to send them the photograph 
And she will do it 
She has a soul of steel 
She 's more beautiful than any other woman I 've known , more resolute than any man 
There are no lengths to which she would not go , none , to prevent my marriage to another woman !
Your Majesty , why is this lady so vindictive ?
Oh , there was once some talk of marriage . Ha !
She would not see that it was impossible !
You are sure that she has not sent the photograph yet ? I am sure 
Why ?
It may be on its way at this very moment 
Because she has said that she would send it on the day when the betrothal was publicly proclaimed 
That will be next Monday 
But I must leave London on Friday to be home for the ceremony 
Ah , then we do have three days 
Well , that is very fortunate , for I do have other matters in hand 
Where can I find your Majesty in London ?
At the Langham Hotel , as the Count Von Kramm , remember 
Yes , of course 
And as to expenditure ?
Here are 300 pounds in gold , and 700 in notes 
And Miss Irena Adler 's address ?
Goodnight , your Majesty , and I trust we shall soon have good news for you 
Holmes , we can dine at Romano 's , but we only have three days , till Friday 
Oh , it must be settled by Friday 
The composer Tchaikovsky is conducting his own works at the St. James 's Hall 
No , no , no , no !
It must be settled by Friday 
My dear Watson , I 'd like to be alone . You are hungry ?
Yes 
I 'm sure Mrs. Hudson will bring you up a sandwich 
A sandwich ?
We will not discuss this matter until tomorrow afternoon 
Goodnight 
Better than working , isn 't it , mate ?
What is ?
Looking on 
I 'll change with you any time , gov 
And what position are you ?
Eight weeks , a mere first- class groom 
Are ya ?
Well , you can give me a hand if you like 
I see you 're all right 
Why not ? Give her the price of the booze 
I thought it was the booze 
Strap the mare , show us what you can do 
I spent a couple of hours with the cabbie and his cronies 
Miss Irena Adler has certainly turned all men 's heads in those parts 
She is the daintiest thing under a bonnet on this planet , so say the Serpentine- mews fraternity , to a man 
She lives quietly , drives out at five in the evening , returns at seven sharp for dinner 
Seldom goes out at other times , except when she sings 
She has only one male visitor , but sees a good deal of him 
He never calls less than once a day , and often twice 
His name is a Mr. Godfrey Norton , of the Inner Temple 
You see the advantages of having a cabman as a confidant 
Mr. Godfrey Norton is a lawyer , that is important 
Ominous , perhaps 
Why his repeated visits ?
Is she his client , friend , or mistress ?
If he is her lawyer , he might have the photograph to his strong box 
If her lover , he might not even know of it 
She had just begun to sing ,
she has the voice of an angel , Watson ,
when a truly surprising chain of events overtook me , starting with the arrival of someone I presumed to be Mr. Godfrey Noble 
Wait for me , will you 
Fetch your mistress 's carriage 
Drive like the devil ,
Church of St. Monica , Edgeware Road 
I must arrive there at least five minutes before 12 : 00 
That gives you 20 minutes . Half a guinea if you do it 
She is a lovely woman , Watson , with a face that a man might die for 
A face a man might die for -- unusual language for you , Holmes 
A metaphor , Watson , nothing else 
I was just about to sprint after the landau and perch on the back when another cab came through the street 
He looked twice at such a shabby fare , but I jumped in before he had time to object , showed him a handful of sovereigns and promised him one if he would get me to the Church of St. Monica within 20 minutes 
Now , I don 't think that I have ever been driven faster in a cab 
They were there before us 
Look , I 'm very sorry , Mr. Norton , but l --
For pity sake , it 's almost midday 
The latest time allowed by law 
I would have called in one of those confounded churchmen but I saw no reason to let them know our business and I sent them off for a drink 
Oh , dear Lord !
Godfrey 
You , you , come here , man !
Yes , I mean you !
We 've only a few minutes left or it won 't be legal !
Come man , come !
Hold this and do as you 're told 
You 'll be paid 
Ah , we have our witness 
The ceremony may proceed 
Dearly beloved , we are gathered here in the sight of God to join together this man and this woman in holy matrimony which is an honorable estate instituted of God in the time of man 's innocency , signifying unto us the mystical union that is betwixt Christ and his church 
Irena 
I allowed you to persuade me , now you must allow me to persuade you 
I shall see you tomorrow 
At the very first moment 
I love you 
John 
Hey , you !
Come here , my man 
Come here 
Godfrey , let me 
Sir , I want to thank you for being so miraculously present when we needed you 
How fortunate that you have remained close by 
Well , I 'm in no hurry , mum 
I hope you will accept this 
I don 't need no tip , mum 
Oh , sir , let us call it a little souvenir 
She gave me a sovereign 
Here it is 
What an extraordinary turn of events !
I shall wear it on my watch chain in memory of the occasion 
And what now ?
Well , during the ceremony
I thought my plans had been overthrown 
If they had made an immediate departure , it would have necessitated the most prompt and energetic measures on my part 
But , he went back to the Temple , and she went to her own home , thus , giving us time to act 
How ?
Doctor , I shall require all your courage and alertness 
I shall be delighted !
You don 't mind breaking the law ?
Not in the least 
Nor running the chance of arrest ?
Not in a good cause 
Oh , the cause is excellent 
Well , then I am your man 
Splendid 
Now , the -- the question is --
Holmes , you really do look quite remarkable !
You know , the question is where to find the photograph 
I mean , the house has twice been burgled 
She was too clever for them 
She is a remarkable woman 
Well , they must have searched very thoroughly 
They did not know how to look !
And how will you look ?
I shall not look 
What then ?
I will allow her to show me 
But she 'll refused 
She will not be able to 
Ah , we draw near the scene of action 
We had better walk from here 
You know your instructions 
When you raise your hand , I act 
And we meet at the rendezvous in 10 minutes 
Here she comes 
Oh , no , you don 't 
I was here first 
I opened the door , lady 
He never , no , it was me !
Clear off , you two !
Let- me- go !
Opening carriage doors is a legitimate means of livelihood , Mr. [ inaudible ] 
You ain 't gonna stop a man earning a copper , see 
Let me pass 
You there , let go of my coachman !
Take the bread from me mouth , would 'ya ?
I 'll fill your mouth , chum 
Oh ! Oh , no , no , please , please don 't , men , please , I beg you , please I beg of you !
Madam , I must protect you !
Now stop that , you and you , stop that 
Stand back !
You see what you 've done !
He 's dead !
Scamper , mate , before the coppers come !
He 's still breathing , but he 's taken a bad knock 
I am sorry , ma 'am 
You did your best , John 
Is he badly hurt ?
It is only superficial , but he needs attention , quickly 
But he can 't lie on the street 
Bring him into the house 
All right , sir 
Oh , you 're conscious 
Thank goodness , you are a brave man 
Over here , Willot 
No , no , stand back ,
I shall look after my friend in need 
Sir , will you look toward me 
Oh , it is no sight for a lady 
I have strong nerves , dear friend 
No , no , I cannot permit 
Thank you 
A bandage 
As you wish 
I 'm so relieved that your wound isn 't serious 
Well , it is but shallow , and the concussion wears off 
How extraordinary 
Madam ?
That so many people should gather in such a quiet little turning 
Well , it 's the gang , madam , it was all pre- arranged to rob you . All those men to snatch one little purse 
Oh , no , dear friend , it wouldn 't have paid them 
My vocation takes me much amongst the poor and even the criminal classes , madam 
Look at those people staring , curiosity is so unseemly , but I fear universal 
Oh , I am so sorry , I think I 'm going to faint 
Oh , air , I need some air !
Willot , the window1
Some drinking water 
Are there any smelling salts ?
Madam , madam , I think I can smell fire 
What ?
Fire , fire !
Fire , fire , fire !
There 's a fire , is there ?
Madam , come out of here quickly !
I 'll take care of the old gentleman !
I can 't breathe 
It 's a false alarm !
It 's a false alarm , look !
It 's a trick , it 's a -- tell them -- tell them !
There 's a fire !
It 's a false alarm , do you hear ?
We do not need the fire engine !
What is it ?
It is a plumber 's rocket , madam , one of my flock is a plumber 
It is ignited by a cap , and sends smoke into pipes to betray cracks and holes 
No , no , no , no , no , it 's all right 
It will disperse 
You said it was a trick 
Who would play such a trick on me ?
One of the gang , madam 
But to what purpose ?
I 've escaped them 
Revenge 
Revenge ?
Are there such wicked people ?
There are people in this world , madam , to whom revenge is in itself a reward 
I cannot imagine such feelings 
I 'm sure you cannot , madam 
Well , I am feeling more myself . I must be on my way 
Oh , please stay , some refreshment 
Well , one of my flock expects me . Won 't you let my carriage take you ?
Oh , no , no , no , the air will aid my recovery 
At least your name , your address , that I may thank you adequately 
Well , I am just a humble servant , madam , of the all seeing providence 
Goodnight 
Goodnight 
You did it very nicely , Doctor 
You have the photograph ?
No , but I know where it is 
How did you find out ?
She showed me , as I told you she would 
The trouble is , it still remains in her possession 
You may have lost your one chance , Holmes 
No 
I shall call early tomorrow morning 
You 'll call there ?
And as my own self , and with the King 
The King ? !
And with you , Watson !
You must be a witness at the end of our quest 
I trust you will sleep well tonight for a change , Holmes 
Well , there 's nothing like success for curing insomnia 
Goodnight , Mr. Sherlock Holmes , and Watson 
Holmes ?
But she could not love him 
I am in hopes that she does . Why ?
Because it would spare your Majesty all fear of future annoyance 
If she loves her husband , then she does not love your Majesty 
And if she does not love your Majesty , why should she interfere with your Majesty 's marriage 
Mr. Sherlock Holmes , I believe 
I am Mr. Holmes 
My mistress told me you were likely to call 
She left this morning with her husband by the 5 : 15 train from Charing Cross for the Continent 
She has left England ?
Never to return , sir 
All is lost 
Well then , get at it 
This is not it !
Holmes , this is a different photograph !
Do you hear me , man ? !
The letter 
It is addressed to me 
" My Dear Mr. Sherlock Holmes : You did it very well . You took me in completely 
Until after the alarm of fire , I had not a suspicion 
But then , when I found that I had betrayed myself , it flashed into my mind that I had been warned against you months ago 
I had been told that if the King employed an agent it would certainly be you 
Yet , with all this , you made me reveal what you wanted to know 
Even before when the presence of so many people in the street had sounded an alarm in my instinct ,
I could not think evil of such a dear , kind old clergyman 
But , you know ,
I have been trained as an actress myself , and male costume is nothing new to me 
Yes , it was I who followed you to your door , just to make sure that you really were the celebrated Mr. Sherlock Holmes 
It was I who rather imprudently , wished you goodnight 
Then I started for the Temple to see my new husband 
We had married in secret in case we needed to leave the country to elude the King 
Your appearance on the scene was the signal for flight 
You are too formidable an antagonist 
You will find the nest empty when you call tomorrow 
As to the photograph , your client may rest in peace 
I love and am loved by a better man than he . "
" The King may " --
" The King may do what he will without hindrance from one whom he has cruelly wronged 
I kept it only to safeguard myself , and to preserve a weapon which will always secure me from any steps he may take . "
There is more 
" I leave another photograph which he might care to possess ; and I remain , dear Mr. Sherlock Holmes , very truly yours , Irena Norton , nee Adler . "
What a woman !
What a queen she would have made !
Is it not a pity she was not on my level 
From what I have seen of the lady , yes , indeed , she is on a very different level to your Majesty 
I am only so sorry that I have failed in my commission 
On the contrary , my dear sir , nothing could be more successful 
I know that her word is inviolate 
The photograph is now as safe as if it were in the fire 
I am glad that your Majesty thinks so 
I am immensely indebted to you 
Pray , tell me in what way I can reward you 
This ring ?
Your Majesty has something which I should value even more highly 
You have but to name it 
This . Irena 's photograph ?
Certainly , if you wish it 
Then I have the honor to wish your Majesty a very good morning 
And that was how a great scandal threatened the Kingdom of Bohemia , and how the best plans of Mr. Sherlock Holmes were beaten by a woman 's wit 
He used to sneer much at the cleverness of women , but I have not heard him do it of late 
And when he speaks of Irena Adler , or when he refers to that woman , it is always under the honorable title of " the woman . "
In his eyes , she eclipses the whole of her sex 
It was not that he ever betrayed any sign of love for Irena Adler , all emotions such as that one are abhorrent to his cold , precise mind 
He only looks on women pathologically , as the source of motives , clues 
And yet , he keeps her photograph apart , locked up 
There is but one woman to him , the beautiful Irena Adler , of dubious and questionable memory 
Countess of Morcar 's , thanks 
My God , she 's back 
She 's getting out of the carriage 
Come on , Ryder ,
get a move on 
All right . Get moving . All right 
Her ladyship won 't want workmen under her feet 
All right , I finished , don 't worry , quick job , like you said 
Oh , yeah , yeah , nice , nice 
Countess , eh ?
Have to get by appointment only 
Come on , lad , out 
All right 
Over there will do 
Here , for the three of you 
Thank you , milady , and a Merry Christmas , milady 
Ring for tea , Cusack 
Yes , milady 
I need something to sustain me 
I do find preparing for Christmas quite an ordeal 
Yes , milady 
And then , a bath , I think 
Milady 
The blue carbuncle , the blue carbuncle , it 's stolen 
Open them up , there 
Oh , John , she 'll love it , it is beautiful 
Just like her mother 
But can we afford it , though ?
I told you , I made a nice little bob or two lately 
Even if I hadn 't , it 's Christmas 
You 're a good man , John Horner 
I 'm a lucky man , a wife and kids like I 've got , means as good as a king 
So , it 's the doll for the girl , and the boat for the boy , right ?
Right 
Spending the loot already , are we , Horner ?
What do you mean ?
I 've done nothing , what do you mean ?
John Frederick Horner ,
I hereby arrest you on the charge of stealing the valuable gem known as the blue carbuncle , the property of the Countess of Morcar 
Anything you say 
I didn 't do it , I tell you , I didn 't do it . ... the men at the hotel gave a very good description of you 
Constable , I didn 't do it , I tell you ,
let me go , will you , I didn 't do it 
Oh 
Mr. Holmes ?
Mr. Holmes ?
Mr. Peterson , the commissionaire from Upasit 
Oh , please , go away . ... he 'd like a word with you 
Oh 
I 'm sorry to disturb you , Mr. Holmes 
Peterson , put down your goose , and your , your hat 
It 's a fine purchase ,I myself favor a goose for Christmas dinner 
Well , that 's part of the problem ,Mr. Holmes ,
the bird is not mine 
You might say , I come by it 
Oh , " for Mrs. Henry Baker , "
and obviously , not your hat 
No , sir 
Well , there were peculiar circumstances , and I didn 't know what to do for the best 
It hardly seemed a matter for the police 
So I talked to the wife about it , and she suggested I come and see you 
The wise Mrs. Peterson 
Sit down , my dear fellow , and describe these peculiar circumstances to me 
Well , sir , it was like this 
Last night I was on my way home from a little , uh , celebration 
Well , at this time of the year some of us commissionairs meet to -
To wish each other the season 's greetings 
Exactly 
The season 's greetings 
Oh , you 're a top , sir 
Your good health , sir 
Well , as I was saying , I was on my way home when I came across what you would only describe as a frakel 
Oy , what 's happening ?
Blimey , it 's a copper , ... get out of here 
get out of here 
I 'm trying to help you , man 
Well , the roughs ran off in one direction , and the drunk fellow ran off in the other 
I tried to stop him , but he no doubt thought
I was a constable about to apprehend him for the breaking of the window 
And so you left with the spoils of victory in the shape of that battered hat , and a most unimpeachable Christmas goose 
Both of which I would willingly have returned to their rightful owners , Mr. Holmes , but the truth is , I didn 't know how 
My dear Peterson , I do see your problem 
Anyway , as I say ,
I discussed the matter with the good lady , and we decided that I would bring both the goose and the hat to you , Mr. Holmes , seeing as how even the slightest of problems is of interest to you in your particular line of occupation 
I hope you don 't think I 'm wasting your time , Mr. Holmes 
Not in the least 
Now then , Commissionaire ,
have you purchased your own bird ?
No , not yet 
Then I suggest that you carry off this goose so that it may fulfill its ultimate destiny ,
while I retain the battered hat of the unknown gentleman who has lost his Christmas dinner 
Well , if you think I should , Mr. Holmes . I do , indeed 
For there are signs , in spite of the frost , that this bird should be prepared without unnecessary delay 
Well , if that 's all right , Mr. Holmes 
I will of course , keep you in touch with the developments 
Very good , sir 
Oh , uh , may I wish you the complements of the season 
And to you and your good wife 
But you still haven 't found the jewel 
Not yet , no , milady ,
but we do have the man , Horner 
Or have a clue as to its whereabouts 
And I think we may assume that he had one accomplice , if not more 
Well , what of that ?
Contrary to popular fiction , milady , there is very little honor amongst thieves , and even less with the right inducement 
Inducement , do you mean a reward ?
Uh , yes 
Why should I offer a reward ?
In my experience , and it is considerable ,
I have found that the offer of a reward would very soon set the greedy cat amongst the criminal pigeon 
Well ?
I should be very surprised if I did not gain a result within 24 hours 
How much ?
Holmes ? Oh , you 're up 
The Countess of Morcar is offering a thousand pounds for the return of the blue carbuncle 
Inspector Bradstreet of B Division is in charge of the case ,
and has arrested Mr. John Horner , a plumber , age 36 , who protested his innocence in the strongest terms 
Circumstantial evidence was so strong that the case has been referred to the Assizes 
Horner , who showed signs of intense emotion during the proceedings , faded away at the conclusion and was carried from the court 
Oh , excuse me , you are engaged 
I am interrupting your study of that hat 
No , no , no , the matter is a perfectly trivial one 
But there are points in connection with it which are not devoid of interest , even of instruction 
I suppose that homely as it looks , that thing has some deadly story linked to it that is the clue which will guide you in the solution of some mystery and the punishment of some crime 
No , no , no , no , it is just one of those whimsical little instance that will occur when you have four million people jostling each other within the space of a few square miles 
So , what do you gather from that battered old felt ?
You know my methods 
What do you yourself gather as to the individuality of the man who has worn this particular article ?
It was accompanied by a goose , Watson 
" For Mrs. Henry Baker , " was printed upon a small card attached to the bird 's left leg 
Well , apart from the initials inside ,
H. B. , presumably Henry Baker ... ... I can see nothing 
On the contrary , Watson , you can see everything , but you fail to reason for what you see 
You are too timid in drawing your inferences 
Then , pray , tell me what it is that you can infer from that hat ?
That the man is highly intellectual is , of course , obvious 
And also that he was fairly well- to- do within the past three years , although now he has fallen upon evil days 
He had foresight , but less now than formerly , pointing to a moral retrogression , which , when taken with the decline of his fortunes , seems to indicate an evil influence , probably drink 
This may account also for the fact that his wife has ceased to love him 
My dear , Holmes 
He has , however , retained some degree of self- respect , and now he leads a sedentary life , is out of training entirely 
He 's middle- aged , has grizzled hair which he has had cut within the last few days , and which he anoints with lime- cream 
It is also highly improbable that he has gas laid on in his house 
Well , now you are certainly joking 
Not in the least 
Well , I have no doubt that I am very stupid 
For example , how do you deduce that the man is intellectual ?
It is a question of cubic capacity 
A man with so large a head must have something in it 
Well , the decline in his fortunes , then ?
These flat brims with the curled edges came in three years ago 
It is a hat of the very best quality , Watson 
Look at the band of ribbed silk and the excellent lining 
If this man could afford so expensive a hat three years ago , and has had no hat since , then he has assuredly gone down in the world 
What about the foresight and the moral retrogression ?
Ah , here is the foresight , these securers are never sold upon hats 
If this man ordered one , it is a sign of a certain amount of foresight ,
since he went out of his way to take precaution against the wind 
But as you see that he has broken the elastic and has not troubled to replace it , a weakening nature 
Mmm 
The further points ,
that he is middle- aged ,
that his hair is grizzled ,
that it has been cut recently ,
and that he anoints it with lime- cream ,
can all to be gathered by an inspection of the lower part of the lining , Watson 
Witness the moisture , obviously a free perspirer , therefore , not in the best of training 
But his - his wife , you said she had ceased to love him 
This hat has not been brushed for weeks 
When I see a man with a week 's accumulation of dust upon his hat , and his wife has allowed him to go out in such a state ,
I fear that he has been unfortunate enough to lose his wife 's affections 
He might be a bachelor 
Nay , but he brought a goose as a peace offering to his wife 
Remember the card attached to the bird 's leg 
Yes , well , you have an answer to everything 
Just a minute , just a minute ,
how do you deduce that there is no gas laid on in his house ?
One tallow candle stain , or even two , might come by chance ;
but when I see , Watson , no less than five , he never got candle stains from a gas jet , Watson 
Are you satisfied ?
Well , it 's all very ingenious 
Mr. Holmes , the goose , the goose , Mr. Holmes 
Well , what of it , man , has it come back to life and flapped off through the kitchen window ?
No , no sir , no sir , but see , see what the wife found in its crop 
By Jove , Peterson , this is a treasure- trove indeed 
You know what you 've got ?
A diamond , a precious stone . It cuts glass like it was putty 
It is more than a precious stone 
It is the precious stone 
The Hotel Cosmopolitan robbery , the blue carbuncle 
indeed 
And your reward , Peterson , of 1000 pounds is not within a twentieth of its market price 
A thousand pounds , oh , Lord have mercy 
You must admit , Watson , that my deductions in regard to this hat have suddenly assumed a more important aspect 
Yes , point taken , Holmes 
Now , the question for us now to solve is to trace the sequence of events from a rifled jewel case at one end , to the crop of a goose at the other 
There is the stone 
The stone came from the goose , the goose came from Mr. Henry Baker , the gentleman with the shabby hat and all the other characteristics 
So , now , we must set ourselves very seriously to finding this gentleman , and to ascertaining what part he had to play in this little mystery 
Found at the corner of Goodge Street , a goose and a black felt hat 
Mr. Henry Baker can have same by applying at 6 : 30 this evening at 221B , Baker Street , clear and concise 
Yes , very , but will he see it ?
Well , I 'm sure he will keep an eye on the evening papers , for the poor man , the loss was a heavy one 
Oh , Peterson , uh , just nip down to the advertising agency and have this put in all the evening papers 
Which , one , sir ?
The Globe , Star , Pall Mall , St. James 's Bissett , Echo ,
Evening News , Standard , and all the others that may occur to you 
Right away , sir 
And the stone ?
I shall keep the stone . Thank you , Peterson 
Yes , sir 
Oh , and Peterson , uh , would you pick up a goose on your way back ?
Give him the money , will you , Watson 
We must have something to give Mr. Henry Baker to take the place of the one which your family will very soon be devouring 
Oh , thank you , sir 
A thousand pounds ?
Um , what , uh , will you do with the stone ?
I shall keep it in my museum 
Well , Horner ,
Her Ladyship is not at all pleased with me 
You might be under lock and key , but she 'd rather her blue carbuncle was 
Never took it Inspector 
Well -
Tell me what you did with it , and , uh ,
I 'll put in a good word at your trial 
But , if you don 't -
I 've been on the straight for years , ever since I married Jenny 
If you don 't , and when the judge hears about your previous conviction , you might never see your pretty wife again 
I 've got you , Horner , but I need that jewel 
It 's a bonny thing , just see how it glints and sparkles 
Of course , it is a nucleus and focus of crime , every good stone is 
They are the devil 's pet baits 
In the larger and older jewels every facet may stand for a bloody deed 
It was found in the banks of the Amoy River in southern China ,
and is remarkable in having every characteristic of the carbuncle , save that it is blue instead of ruby red 
This stone is not yet twenty years old 
In spite of its youth , it already has a sinister history 
There have been two murders , a vitriol- throwing , a suicide , and several robberies brought about for the sake of this forty- grain weight of crystallized charcoal 
Who would think that so pretty a toy could be a purveyor to the gallows and the prison ?
Come in 
Mr. Henry Baker , I believe ?
Please , draw near the fire 
It is a cold night and I observe that your circulation is more adapted for summer than for winter 
Do sit down 
This is my friend and colleague , Dr. Watson 
How do you do , sir ?
Mr. Baker 
is that your hat ?
Oh , yes , oh , it is undoubtedly my hat 
Thank you , sir 
I would have advertised its loss but shillings have not been so plentiful with me as they once were 
I had no doubt that the gang of roughs who assaulted me had carried off both my hat and the bird 
I did not care to spend more money in a hopeless attempt at recovering them 
Yes , well , of course , that is very understandable 
Oh , by the way , about your bird , we were compelled to eat it 
To eat it 
It would have been of little use to anyone had we not done so 
But we have another goose upon the sideboard there , which I presume will answer your purpose equally well 
It is about the same weight , and perfectly fresh , as you can see 
Oh , yes , most certainly 
Of course , we have kept the feathers , legs , crop , and so on of your own bird , if you so wish 
It might be useful to me as relics of my adventure , but beyond that I can hardly see what use the disjectamembra of my old acquaintance could possibly be to me 
Oh , no , sir , with your permission ,
I - I shall confine my attentions to the excellent bird which I perceive upon your sideboard 
I would be interested to know where the other bird came from 
You see , I am somewhat of a fowl fancier , and I have seldom seen a better grown bird 
It would be of great interest to me to know precisely how it came into your possession 
It was the club , sir , the goose club 
The goose club , the exact circumstances ?
I - I am not a rich man , as you may see , sir ,
but I make a humble living , and a respectable one , if I may say so , in the British Museum 
Studying ?
Studying , you might say , and helping others with their studies 
I - I have a certain knowledge of books 
That day , sir , I had finished work early and left the museum in the afternoon 
I had a little business to attend to before calling in at the Alpha Public House 
Several of us who work in the museum frequent that establishment , and this year our good host ,
Mr. Windigate , had instigated a goose club , by which , on consideration of some few pence each week , we were to receive a bird at Christmas 
There we are , Mr. Baker , a very fine bird , as promised 
Magnificent specimen , indeed , landlord , eh 
Put you back in the wife 's good books , eh ?
Well , she is still somewhat irked with me , I 'm afraid 
Things may doubtless improve when I am once more in gainful employment 
Oh , an academic nature , of course 
I have expectations 
Well , I owe you one last payment of eight pennies , eh 
Struck it rich , have we , Mr. B ?
I chanced upon an acquaintance of sympathetic disposition , I , that is to say ,
I sold some of my books 
Oh , not your books , Mr. Baker 
Needs must , Mr. Windigate , and at this season of the year more than ever ,
we must not deprive those we love , or even those to whom we are married 
And so , if you will set aside this impressive peace offering ,
I shall fortify myself for the fray with a large glass of whiskey , and a pint of your most excellent beer 
Merry Christmas to you 
Same to you , Mr. Baker 
Well , sir , on my way home
I was attacked by the gang of roughs , who I believed had stolen the goose 
My hat came off in the scuffle 
I - I remember little of it , save that a uniformed officer appeared on the scene and we all made off 
Yes , of course , we quite understand 
In the circumstances 
Well , all is well that ends well 
I am most indebted to you , sir , for your trouble 
A scottish bonnet , I fear , is fitted neither to my years nor to my dignity 
My complements of the season to you , sir 
And to you , too , sir 
Oh , thank you , sir 
Oh , uh , by the way , do you have gas laid on in your house ?
Gas , alas , no 
Jolly good . Merry Christmas 
And to you both , gentlemen 
Well then , so much for Mr. Henry Baker 
He obviously knows nothing of the matter . Ah , Mrs. Hudson 
Watson , do you need nourishment ?
Not particularly 
Splendid 
Mrs. Hudson , we shall turn dinner into supper ,
and we will follow up this clue while it is still hot 
Which is more than the supper will be 
Good evening , gentlemen , and a very cold one 
It is , indeed , landlord , it is indeed 
And what shall be your pleasure ?
Beer , Watson ? What ? Oh , yes , splendid 
Two of your very best glasses of beer 
Right away , sir 
Your beer should be excellent if it is as good as your geese 
What geese ?
We were talking , um , half an hour ago to a Mr. Henry Baker , a member of your goose club . Yes 
Yes , but you see , them 's not our geese 
Whose , then ?
Well , I got the whole two dozen from a salesman in Covent Garden 
Who might that be ?
Name of Breckinridge , a purveyor of the finest quality 
Mind you , if it 's a bird you 're after , I 'd get to him as soon as poss 
Oh , it 's a very busy time of year , as you 'll appreciate 
Well , thank you so much for your advice 
Will you have a glass of beer with us , landlord ?
Well , God bless you for a gentleman 
Now , for Mr. Breckinridge 
Can 't it wait ?
Watson , we have been given a line of investigation which has been missed by the police , and which a singular chance has placed in our hands 
Now , let us follow it out to the bitter end 
Extremely bitter. Faces to the south , then , and quick , march 
Please . I want to believe you , John , I do , really ,
but I can 't argue with what the police is saying 
But they 're only saying that cause I was there on the day 
It was an odd job 
Is that really the truth ?
I promised when I married you ,
I 'd never tell you a lie 
I kept my promise , always will 
I want to believe you 
Uh , good evening 
Good evening 
Sold out of geese , I see 
Yeah , I 'll have five hundred in the morning 
Too late , I think . See the stall over there with the gas fire , try him 
Yes , but I was recommended to you 
Oh , who by ?
The landlord of the Alpha Public House 
Oh , yeah , he had a couple of dozen off me 
Very good geese , too 
Where , may I ask , did you get them ?
Here then , mister ,
what exactly are you driving at ?
Come on , let 's have it straight , now 
It 's straight enough 
I simply want to know who sold you the geese that you supplied to the Alpha 
Well then , I 'm not gonna tell you , so now 
It really is of no matter , but I fail to see why you should get so warm over a trifle 
Warm , you 'd be as warm if you were as pestered as I am 
When I pay good money for a good article that should be an end of it ;
but it 's where are the geese , who have you sold them to , how much will you take for them ?
You would think those were the only geese in the world , the amount of fuss that 's made over them 
Well , I can assure you that I have no connection with anybody else who 's made inquiries 
Inquiries , it 's more like the inquisition 
I 'm not telling you 
Ah , well then , the bet is off 
What bet ? What bet ?
Well , I 'm always ready to back my opinion on the matter of fowls ,
and I have a fiver with my friend here that the bird that I chose is country bred , right , Watson ?
What ?  Oh , oh , oh , yes , yes , absolutely 
Ah , you 've lost your money then , cause it 's town bred 
It is nothing of the kind 
I say it is . I don 't believe you 
Come on , pay up , Holmes 
What , do you think I wouldn 't know , me , who 's been handling fowl since I was a nipper ?
I 'll tell you , all the birds that went to the Alpha were town bred 
You 'll never make me believe that 
Come on , come on , do the decent , Holmes 
Will you have a bet , then ?
I 'll be just taking your money ,
but I 'll have a sovereign with you , just to teach you not to be obstinate 
Done . Right 
Now then , Mr. Cocksure , you see these here books here , well , this is a list of all the folk what I buy off 
Now , on this page is all me country folk ,
and these on this side in red ink are all me town suppliers 
Now you read out that third name down to me 
Mrs. Oakshott , 117 Brixton Road 
Yeah , account number 249 
Go on , then , turn it up in the ledger 
Mrs. Oakshott , egg and poultry supplier ?
Now , what 's the last entry ?
Twenty- four geese at seven and six pence , sold to Mr. Windigate of the Alpha Public House 
So , what are you gonna say now ?
What about this gentleman 's fiver ?
Well done , Holmes 
Shall we see this Mrs. Oakshott tonight ?
Oh , no , not you again , I 've had enough of you 
Listen , I 've told you before , clear off 
But the thing is , there were two gray- headed geese 
Now , listen , I 've had enough of you and those geese . I wish you was all at the devil together 
If you come pestering me any more with your silly talk
I 'll set the dog on you 
Now , look here , Mrs. Oakshott told me -
You bring Mrs. Oakshott here , and I 'll answer her ,
but what have you got to do with it , eh ?
Did I buy the geese off you ?
No ; but one of them was mine all the same 
Well , you go and ask Mrs. Oakshott for it . She told me to ask you 
You can ask the King of Prusia , for all I care 
I 've had enough of this 
Go on , get out of it 
This may save us a trip to Brixton 
Excuse me , but I could not help overhearing the conversation you had just now with that salesman 
I think I can be of assistance to you in this matter 
Yea , who are you ?
My name is Sherlock Holmes . It is my business to know what other people don 't know 
But you could know nothing of this 
On the contrary , I know everything of it 
I know that you are trying to find out the whereabouts of some geese sold by Mrs. Oakshott , of Brixton Road , to our friend , Mr. Breckinridge , over there 
Who in turn , sold them to Mr. Windigate , of the Alpha Public House 
Sir , you 're the very man I have longed to meet 
I can hardly explain to you my interest in the matter 
Then I suggest that we carry on this conversation in rather more comfort 
Cab 
Come in , take my chair 
I will just put on my slippers 
I think we should know the name of the gentleman whom we have the pleasure of assisting , don 't you , Watson ?
John Robinson 
Oh , no , no , no , no ; your real name 
It is so awkward doing business with an alias 
Well then , uh , my real name is Ryder , James Ryder 
Yes , Mr. Ryder , upper attendant at the Hotel Cosmopolitan 
Yes 
And I suppose you would like to know what happened to these geese , or , rather , one goose , in particular , white , with a gray head ?
Oh , sir , can you tell me where it went to ?
It came here . Here ? Sadly , it is no longer here 
But it laid an egg after it was dead -
the bonniest , brightest little blue egg you have ever seen 
Come , come , I have it 
The game is up , Ryder 
Bear up , man , you 'll be in the fire 
And what a wretched little shrimp it is , to be sure , there 's enough blood in him for felony 
I have almost every link in the chain , Ryder , you need tell me very little 
Catherine Cusack put me up to it 
Her Ladyship 's maid . Exactly 
You knew from local gossip that Horner had been concerned in some such matter before 
So what did you do , you made some small job in milady 's room , you and your confederate Cusack 
You then managed that Horner should be sent for 
But you , you stole the jewel , then you raised the alarm and had this unfortunate man arrested 
For God 's sake , Mr. Holmes , have mercy 
Think of my father , think of my mother , it would break their hearts 
I mean , I never went wrong before , I never will again 
I swear it on a Bible 
Oh , don 't - don 't bring me to court , Mr. Holmes 
For God 's sake , don 't do that to me 
Get back into your chair 
It is very well to cringe and crawl now , but you thought little of the man that you sent to the dock for a crime of which he knew nothing 
I 'll fly , Mr. Holmes 
I 'll leave the country 
Then the charge against him will break down 
We 'll talk about that later 
Now tell me , how came the stone into the goose ,
and how came the goose into the open market ?
Tell me the truth , now , for that is your only hope of safety 
I 'll tell it to you just as it happened 
I thought it was best to get away with the stone as quick as I could , for I didn 't know at what moment the police might not take it into their heads to search me and my room 
There was nowhere in the hotel where it would be safe 
So , I went out , as if on some commission , and made for my sister 's house to think things over 
Why , Jim , whatever is it , you look terrible 
I had a bit of a turn , Maggie . There 's been a robbery at the hotel 
You 'd better come in 
I went into the back yard where she kept the geese , smoked a pipe , and wondered what it would be best to do 
I remember that my stomach wasn 't gonna stop feeling like a bag of ferrets till I found somewhere to hide the stone for a while ,
when suddenly , I looked at the geese , which was hissing and huddling in the corner of the yard 
My sister had told me that I might have the pick of her geese for a Christmas present 
I picked out one of the birds , a fine thick one with a gray head 
I pushed the stone down its throat as far as my finger could reach 
Then I thought all my troubles was over , when 
Whatever are you doing with that bird , Jim ?
Uh , you said I could have one for Christmas , so I was just feeling which is the fattest 
We already set yours aside -Jim 's bird , we call it 
Uh , if it 's all the same to you , Maggie ,
I 'd rather have that one I was handling just now 
Well , that one is a good three pounds heavier , we fattened it up expressly 
Never mind 
I 'll take the other , and I 'll take it now 
Just as you like 
Which one is it ?
It 's that gray- headed one in the middle . Oh , very well 
Kill it and take it with you 
I did what she said , Mr. Holmes ,
and I carried the bird to my pal , we got a knife ,
and we opened it up , my heart turned to water ,
there was no sign of the stone , and I knew some terrible mistake must have occurred 
Where have they all gone ?
To the dealer 's 
Which dealer 's ?
Breckinridge , of Covent Garden 
Tell me , just tell me , was there another one which had a gray head ?
That 's right , two ,
I could never tell them apart , I couldn 't 
Well , what 's the matter , what 's all the hurry ?
I ran as hard as my feet would carry me to this man Breckinridge ;
but he had sold the lot , and not one word would he tell me as to where they had gone 
I 've gone mad 
And now I 'm a branded thief , without ever having touched the wealth for which I 've sold my character 
God help me 
God help me 
Get out 
What ?
Heavens , bless you , sir 
No more words 
Get out 
I must confess , Holmes , to being a little surprised 
I am not retained by the police to supply their deficiencies 
Maybe I am committing a felony , but I may be saving a soul 
Send him to jail now , you make him a jailbird for life 
Listen , after all , it is the season for forgiveness , come 
Midnight 
Merry Christmas , Holmes 
And to you , my dear friend . Just a minute 
Holmes , I cannot contemplate eating while John Horner is still on remand 
Do you suppose that Bradstreet or one of his colleagues might still be at their desks ?
You 're quite right , Watson , come , let 's go 
Mrs. Barclay , your tea 
Your tea , madam 
I hate you , I hate you ,
I hate you , I hate you 
David -
Your tea , madam 
David , you betrayed him 
Mrs. Fenning -
What 's happened , what is it , child ?
It 's madam and the Colonel , something awful is going on and I can 't open the door 
Here , let me try 
Stop him , both of you 
Mrs. Barclay , open the door 
Mrs. Barclay , open the door 
The door is locked on the inside as well , and there 's no key 
I 'm going out for a doctor , and the police 
There 's quite a few of them when I sailed home wounded 
Had a good record out in India , did wonders during the Mutiny 
I 'm sure you won 't regret taking the case 
Ah , sentry 
Dr. John Watson , formerly medical officer attached to the Royal Berkshires , now in civilian practice 
Murphy , second in command , temporarily in charge of the Royal Mallows , following the , tragedy of our Colonel 's death 
And this will be Mr. Holmes ?
Please 
It 's good of you to come so swiftly 
Not at all 
I have explained to Holmes how concerned you must be about the possibility of a scandal 
Thank you 
The honor of the regiment is in my care 
And yet , the newspapers report suggest that a scandal is inevitable 
Surely not 
I 've done my utmost to make sure that reporters were kept as far away as possible 
Exactly , and that is what has made them suspicious 
They scent a mystery , that much is clear from the little they have been able to say 
Surely , it would be wrong to repeat , to draw attention to -
Quite 
You see how much we need your help , Mr. Holmes 
What do you say , Holmes ?
What can I say ?
Major Murphy , you have told me nothing 
I have come down here after persuasion from my friend , to Aldershot , who has more interest in military matters than I
Now that I am here , please tell me the facts 
The commanding officer of this regiment ,
Colonel James Barclay , was found dead in his villa at about 10 o 'clock the night before last 
The body was found by Private Bates , his batman , lying in the morning room 
There was a ragged cut , two- inches long , on the back of his head , which had evidently been caused by a violent blow from a blunt instrument 
And upon the floor by the body was a singular hand- carved wooden club 
Also , stretched out on the sofa lying in a dead faint , was Nancy Bar -Mrs. Barclay 
Please continue , Major Murphy 
The servants had been alerted to the tragedy by the sounds of a quarrel between the Colonel and Mrs. Barclay 
They tried to enter the morning room but found it locked 
Bates had to go around by the garden and get in through the french windows 
And now you suspect Mrs. Barclay ?
Yes . But she is quite incapable of such a dreadful act !
I have been the late Colonel 's second in command for a number of years 
I 've come to know Nancy Barclay well 
Of course 
Tell me about Colonel Barclay , was he highly regarded by the men under his command ?
Considering his background , remarkably so 
His background , why , was he ever disgraced ?
No , but it 's not generally known outside that Jim Barclay began his career as a private soldier in the Mallows 
Did he , indeed ?
From private soldier to commanding officer in the same regiment , that 's a rare achievement 
I was his gallantry in the Indian Mutiny that got him his commission , and then quite rapid promotion over the years , more rapid than mine , for instance 
Impressive 
And I suppose the unfortunate Mrs. Barclay is in custody ?
No , not exactly , no 
She 's in hospital , being looked after , with a police constable standing by 
Nancy Barclay is a handsome woman now , but you should have seen her as a young girl in India , 30 years ago 
She was a daughter of the regiment 
Her father was the Regimental Sergeant Major , RSM Devoy , and therefore quite a formidable father- in- law for any soldier 
I remember that all the men in my company thought her quite the prettiest girl in the garrison 
As a junior officer I had little to do with her , but I was aware that she was a most charming , most vivacious and spirited girl 
It was quite understandable that Barclay was not the only man in the regiment who sought her hand 
But , in the end , he was the one she chose 
They were married at Bhurtee , not far from Cornpor a few months after the besieged garrison there was relieved by General Neill 's column in the summer of 1858 
Shortly after the marriage ,
Sergeant Barclay got his commission , as expected 
It must have been difficult for the Barclays at first ,
NCO , promoted from the ranks , married to a regimental Sergeant Major 's daughter ?
Yes , I believe there was some little social friction 
But , Nancy carried it off with dignity and charm , and they gained acceptance in no time 
Barclay 's career flourished , and the regiment returned from India some five years ago 
Barclay was then appointed to commanding officer 
And the marriage continued to be a happy one ?
It appeared to be so 
Appeared ?
Most people believe the marriage to have been a uniformly happy one 
And what do you believe , Major Murphy ?
My position as second in command often took me to the Barclay 's house 
I saw a different side to the marriage 
The truth is more important than loyalty to your late commander 
One night I had been dining at the Barclays 
It wasn 't until I reached the end of the drive that I realized I 'd left my cigar case in the dining room 
I went back , the front door was still open ;
Jane , the maid , was in the hall 
I 'm glad you 're still here ,
I left my cigar case on the table 
I think the Colonel and Mrs. Barclay have gone to bed , sir 
Oh , for goodness sake , James 
Confess then , who is it , who ?
Let go of me , you 're hurting me 
Tell me you love me then , me and nobody else 
Do you hear , do you hear me ?
Oh , would I have married you if I didn 't ?
I don 't know , sometimes I wonder 
And this expression of jealousy occurred within seconds of you , Major Murphy ,leaving the Barclays ' house 
Tell me about the Colonel , was he a violent man in any way ?
On occasion 
He could be most vindictive towards young subalterns 
But he 'd clawed his way to the top , you need to be ruthless to do that 
Surely he didn 't still feel out of place as an officer ?
No , I don 't think so , but he was subject to a peculiar form of depression 
The Queen 
The Queen 
Sometimes when we were discussing old campaigns , the premier , the Mutiny , Afghan War , the smile would often be struck from his mouth as if by some invisible hand 
Yes , long service in India can have that effect 
I saw that when I was in the Berkshires 
You mentioned a carved wooden club found by the body , one of the Colonel 's Indian souvenirs ?
I believe the servants deny ever having seen this club before 
Certainly I 've never seen it on any of my visits 
It was quite long 
And the police , I suppose , have retained it for examination ?
Yes 
They believe it to be the murder weapon 
Do they , indeed ?
I think we should begin by visiting the Barclays ' house , unless , of course , it is possible to interview Mrs. Barclay ?
I 'm afraid she 's still unconscious 
I thought as much 
David , David 
What a beautiful morning 
Holmes , suppose Mrs. Barclay had a lover and the Colonel had found out ?
Major Murphy seems to have been rather close to her 
You know , mild adultery has always been commonplace among officers and their wives serving in hot climates 
Thank you , Watson , for educating me in military morality 
If there had been anything between Major Murphy and Mrs. Barclay , would he have related the incident of his forgotten cigar case ?
I was about half past seven , sir , and I was waiting a table 
Once a month , Mrs. Barclay spent the evening doing charity work in Aldershot 
Where are you off to in such a hurry ?
Well , the distribution of old clothing starts at 8 o 'clock , and I promised Ann Morrison
I 'd be at the mission hall on time 
Well , if you want to catch some filthy disease dealing with a lot of flea ridden down and outs ,
I suppose that 's your affair 
I believe in putting back into life as much as one gets out of it 
We 've been fortunate with our lot ; others haven 't been so lucky 
Don 't be late back 
Of course not 
Mrs. Barclay must have returned about quarter past nine , sir 
I was in the kitchen helping the cook with the dishes 
There was thunder in the distance ,
and I was just saying to Mrs. Fenning that there was a storm brewing , when the morning room bell rang 
I came up here to find that Mrs. Barclay had returned 
She was walking up and down this room , sir , very pale , upset 
She looked awful , sir 
You rang , madam ?
Yes , Jane , bring me some tea , will you ?
Of course , madam 
Jane , is that you ?
Yes , sir . Did I hear Mrs. Barclay come in ?
Yes , sir , she 's in the morning room 
The morning room ? Yes , sir 
I 'm just about to take her a pot of tea 
Tea ? what does she want tea for at this hour ?
And that , presumably , was the last time that anyone saw Colonel Barclay alive ?
Yes , sir 
Can you think of any reason why your mistress came into this morning room at that time of night , when the fire was unlit ?
No , sir 
Did she often make a point of purposely avoiding the Colonel ?
Had you ever heard them arguing before ?
Not to my knowledge , sir 
When you returned from the kitchen with Mrs. Barclay 's tea , you found the door locked , and you heard voices raised 
Now , what exactly did you hear ?
They were arguing , sir 
Mrs. Barclay called the Colonel a coward 
She said you have ruined my life all these years 
Mrs. Barclay shouted the name " David , "
she said it twice 
David ? Could you swear to that ?
I was perfectly clear , sir 
But the Colonel 's name was James 
Have you ever heard Mrs. Barclay refer to anyone called David ?
No , sir , I don 't think she or the Colonel knew anyone by the name of David 
And Major Murphy 's christian name is Patrick 
Had they had any visitors recently by the name of David ?
I don 't think so , sir 
The club that was found by Colonel Barclay 's body , had you seen it before ?
No , sir 
The Colonel had several trophies from India , but nothing like that club 
Are you sure of that , Miss Stewart ?
Yes , sir 
I don 't know where it came from 
Thank you , that is all 
Oh , no , there is just one last thing ,
Major Murphy once left his cigar case here , did you manage to find it ?
Yes , sir 
The Colonel was lying down here , sir 
With his head by the fender ?
Yes , sir 
You can see the mark of the blood still 
But the most frightening thing of all , sir , was his face 
His face ?
When I rolled him over 
I almost fainted away to look upon it 
It was all contorted , screwed up , with the most horrible look of fear and terror 
As if he 'd foreseen his own death ?
Quite possible , sir 
Thank you , Bates 
What apparition , what monster was it that could have frightened the Colonel so 
Not Nancy Barclay , for sure 
This door was locked shut , sir , and what 's more , the key was missing 
Missing ?
Yes , in the end we had to send for a locksmith to open it 
You have made a thorough search for the key ?
We searched high and low 
Mrs. Barclay hadn 't got it , and it wasn 't in the Colonel 's pocket , sir 
Thank you , Mrs. Fenning 
Watson , if the key was not in the door , and neither Mrs. Barclay nor the Colonel had it , then -
Then there must have been a third person 
Exactly , who either entered or left through those windows 
These are Bates ' footprints 
But these , are the footprints of someone else 
Someone has recently crossed this lawn , the marks are just visible 
He entered and left through those windows , Watson , we 're on the right search 
Watson , look at this 
What is it ? Our entrant had a somewhat unusual companion 
It 's a dog , isn 't it , somebody 's dog ?
Whoever heard of a dog running up a curtain 
What about a cat then ?
These claw marks are not those of a cat , nor of a monkey , nor of any creature that we are familiar with 
I would think from hind foot to forefoot at least 15 inches 
Add to that the length of neck and head , you have a creature no less than two feet , more if there 's a tail 
The length of its stride is odd , it indicates a creature with a long back and short legs 
Something like a stoat or a weasel ?
We also know that it is carnivorous 
How can you tell that ?
Well you see what made it run up the curtain 
The canary 
Exactly 
Then what was this beast ?
No , I can 't , I cannot betray a friend , please don 't ask me to 
Miss Morrison , when Mrs. Barclay left her house to come here two nights ago , she was happy and content 
When she returned two hours later , she was a changed woman 
Now the police suspect her of murder 
You owe it to your friend to clear her name 
You must tell me what happened last night that so changed her 
Very well , I shall break my promise of silence if what I can say can really help her 
So there was something 
It was most bizarre 
I should explain that we come across all sorts of conditions of men here 
Yet , the other night , I saw the most extraordinary creature I have ever seen 
Not only had he a crooked back , but he was lame and walked with his knees bent 
His face was darkly tanned , crinkled and puckered like a withered apple 
I thought to myself that truly there are some of us on this earth who are burdened with more than their fair share of misfortune 
This vision was made more unusual by the oriental garb the man was wearing 
I pointed this person out to Nancy as someone especially deserving of help 
Nancy had indeed been in good spirits that evening , and I saw her go towards the man and ask him if he needed assistance 
It was now that a change came over Nancy 
She had begun a conversation with the man when suddenly all the color drained from her face 
She looked as though she had seen a ghost 
The man , too , seemed to be strangely affected by the sight of her , and I saw him gesticulating wildly 
Well , Nancy and the man went to a quiet corner of the hall and they talked together for a few moments or so before I heard an angry shout from the man and saw him storm out , waving his fists in the air 
Nancy , what is it , are you all right ?
Who was that poor creature ?
It 's an old acquaintance of mine fallen on hard times 
Promise me , Annie , you won 't say anything about this to anyone , promise me 
Of course , I promise , if you so wish 
And the identity of this man ?
I thought you might ask me that 
Well , after this terrible happening , Nancy left 
I naturally made a few inquiries among some of the regulars ;
such an unusual looking creature has of course attracted attention 
It appears he is an old soldier recently back from India , and no one knows anything else about his background except that he makes a living by entertaining the troops , conjuring tricks , that kind of thing 
And did you tell the police about him ?
Of course not , a promise is a promise 
Yes , of course 
Thank you , Miss Morrison 
That is our intruder 's four- footed companion 
It 's a mongoose 
I think we 've found our man 
Mr. Henry Wood , I believe , late of India 
May I have a word ?
What about ?
A little matter of Colonel James Barclay 's death 
She 's innocent , you can take my word for it 
Then you are guilty 
No , I am not guilty 
Then who struck the Colonel down ?
It was a just Providence that killed him , his own guilty conscience 
I think you 'd better explain 
My God , if I had smashed his head in , as it was in my heart to do , he would have got only what he deserved from me 
No , I never laid a hand on him ,
I was spared the trouble 
I 'll tell you my story 
There is no cause for me to be ashamed of it 
You see me now with my back like a camel , my ribs all awry ,
but there was a time when Corporal Henry Wood was the smartest man in the Royal Mallows 
You were in the same regiment as Colonel Barclay ?
Oh , yes , but he was Sergeant Jim Barclay then 
We were in the same company , and we had something else in common , we were both in love with the same woman , Nancy Devoy 
Who was the daughter of the Regimental Sergeant Major 
There were two men who loved her , but only one whom she loved 
She - you 'll laugh when you look at this poor thing huddled in front of the fire and hear me say that it was for my good looks that Nancy loved me 
I was the one she loved all along 
But although I had her heart , her father didn 't approve of me 
I was a harum- scarum , reckless sort of lad , but I was always honest and plain dealing as well 
Oh , Nancy 's father wanted her to marry Barclay 
He was careful to keep out of trouble , always did the right thing , not like me who took Nancy to places her father didn 't like 
Besides , Barclay had had an education , he was already marked for the sword- belt 
RSM Devoy naturally thought Barclay the better match for his daughter 
But she remained true to me , and we would have married had it not been for the Mutiny 
Why did Nancy Devoy not marry the man she loved ?
It was monsoon time in 1857 , when the Sepoys rose up against the British 
The regiment was shut up in Bhurtee 
There were 10, 000 rebels round us , pinning us down like terriers round a rat cage 
We 'd run short of food and ammunition , we had to communicate with General Neill 's column that was moving up- country 
It was our only chance to get help 
Our company commander had asked for a volunteer , a fit , strong soldier to slip out of the garrison at dead of night and make contact with the relief column out on the plain beyond 
Like a fool , I volunteered 
It was a dangerous mission all right , there were a 1, 000 lives in peril 
But I was thinking of only one of them 
Nancy Devoy , the woman I loved , and the finest girl that ever had the breath of life between her lips 
Saying goodbye to her was the hardest thing 
As we exchanged mementos , I never thought that
I was saying goodbye to her for 30 years 
It was my rival for Nancy 's hand who saw me off on my journey through the enemy lines that night , Sergeant Barclay 
He said he knew the lie of the land around the garrison better than any other 
While I volunteered to make the journey ,
Jim Barclay volunteered to advise me on the best route to take 
So , just after then , while my comrades gave me covering fire ,
I set off 
Barclay had told me to follow a stream which would lead to a gully 
This , he said , was the safest way downhill 
His directions were perfect and soon I was wading through icy water that only the day before had been snow in the Himalayas 
I could see the lights and fires in the rebels ' camp but I kept well down , out of sight of their sentry posts 
I came to the gully and thought I was safe 
Then it happened , I was attacked 
Something hard cracked down on my head and everything spun around 
When I came to , I was trussed up like a chicken and hanging from a tree 
My arms felt as though they were being wrenched out of their sockets 
I didn 't mind the pain , but I was sick at heart for having failed in my mission 
What would be the fate of those I had been trying to save ?
But the biggest blow came as I listened to what I could understand of a rebels ' talk . I heard enough to realize that I had been betrayed 
The very man who had shown me the way to take had betrayed me to the enemy . Barclay had got rid of me to make sure he could have my girl 
Now , you know what James Barclay was capable of 
Well , it turned out that General Neill 's column was already on its way to relieve Bhurtee 
The rebels retreated , they dragged me away with them . I was tortured 
I tried to escape , I was tortured again 
It was to be many a long year before I saw another white face 
My captors fled north , further into the hills , and used me as a sort of slave 
I was treated worse than a dog and they damn near broke every bone in my body 
Sometimes I 'd wish they 'd just killed me , but my thoughts of hatred and loathing for the man who destroyed my life kept me going 
I dreamed of revenge on Barclay 
One day some Afghan tribesmen murdered the rebels that held me prisoner 
They left me for dead , too . But by a miracle , I still lived 
So , I had my revenge on my torturers , but Barclay was beyond my grasp 
And what of Nancy , I had no means of knowing whether she was alive or dead 
I wandered back to the Punjab , and lived among the natives , picking up a living by the conjuring tricks
I 'd learned from the street magicians 
What use was it for me , a wretched cripple , to get passage back by ship to England and make myself known to my old comrades in the regiment ?
Even my desire to have my revenge on Jim Barclay didn 't make me go 
No , I - I 'll tell you straight ,
I preferred my Nancy and my old pals in the Royal Mallows to go on believing that Harry Wood died a hero 's death with a straight back , than see him crawling about the world more like a chimpanzee than a human being 
But you did return , and to Aldershot where your old regiment was stationed ,
why ? I just wanted to see the old country once more before I died 
I saved what I could and eventually I got a ship 
I didn 't know the regiment was stationed here in Aldershot ,
I just wanted to be where there were soldiers 
I could earn my keep going around the canteens doing my tricks to entertain them 
I no longer wanted to kill Barclay , the fires of revenge had burned low over the years ... until I saw her 
I thought I 'd better get some English tongs ,
I looked comical enough without wearing these foreign clothes the whole time 
At first , I was more interested in finding a thick overcoat than looking at the charity ladies who were doling them out 
Then one of them came over ,
I recognized her at once ,
she 'd hardly changed , still beautiful 
What 's more amazing is she -
she seemed to know me 
Good evening , can I help you ?
Have you been able to find anything that -
I 'm sorry , I thought I 
Nancy , it is me , Harry 
Don 't be afraid 
I thought you had been dead these 30 years 
I have been 
I thought I would never see you again 
We spoke for a moment or two together 
I told her some of my story 
I should have spared telling her that her husband was a traitor but it all came pouring out of me , 30 years of hate 
She was so effected by what I said ,
I couldn 't stand it 
I went outside , then I saw her come out of the mission and I followed her home 
I saw her go into the house , a light came on 
I saw her sitting in a chair 
And then he came into the room 
James , I have to talk to you 
Why are you locking that door 
Don 't be back late , I said , don 't be back late , didn 't I ?
You 've been with someone 
No
- You have been with someone 
No -
Who is it ?
 you 've ruined my life 
All these years , all these years 
Oh , how could you do such a thing -
- it was evil 
Mrs. Barclay , your tea 
I hate you , I hate you , I hate you , I hate you 
No -
To see him lay a hand on her made me mad with anger 
My feelings overcame me -
David -Your tea , madam 
David , you betrayed him 
It 's not true 
But he 's alive ,I tell you , I 've seen him 
You 're lying ,
you 're mad 
He looked as I have never seen a man look 
I read death on his face as plain as anything 
The bare sight of me was like a bullet through his guilty heart 
Mrs. Barclay , Mrs. Barclay , open the door 
He smashed onto the fender 
He was dead before he fell 
Mrs. Barclay , Mrs. Barclay , open the door 
I took the key to the door from Nancy 's hand , intending to open it and get help 
I thought I 'd better get away or things might look black against me 
In haste , I thrust the key into my pocket whilst I was chasing Teddy , who 'd escaped from his box and run up a curtain 
Teddy 
So , the Colonel died before he struck his head on the fender ?
An apoplectic fit , brought on by shock 
Mr. Wood , provided the coroner reaches the same conclusion , Mrs. Barclay -
Nancy . - will be free 
I trust you would have no objection to repeating your story to the police , should the need arise ?
Mr. Holmes , how is Nancy ?
She 's in hospital 
I understand in time she should make a complete recovery 
Thank God 
Hello , Ann , how lovely to see you 
Are you better ?
Yes , I 'm much better 
Holmes , there 's just one thing I don 't understand 
If the Colonel 's name was James , and Wood was called either Henry or Harry , then who the deuce was David ?
My dear Watson , that name David should have told me the whole story had I been the ideal reasoner , which you are so fond of depicting 
But alas , my powers of deduction failed 
You see , David , in this case , was evidently used as a term of reproach 
Reproach ?
Don 't you remember how King David sent Uriah the Hittite into the forefront of the battle to die so that he might steal his woman , Bathsheba ?
I think you will find the story in the first or second book of Samuel 
My old testament is a little rusty 
You 're quite right , Holmes ,
Il Samuel , 11 : 14- 17 
You appear to have looked it up yourself since we returned home from Aldershot 
How did you know ?
You used this bill for our meal at Waterloo as a bookmarker , did you not ?
Excellent , Watson 
Elementary , my dear Holmes 
Goodnight , old fellow 
I 'm gonna have to ask you to switch that off for now 
Okay , thanks 
You know what it 's kinda like ?
It 's kinda like a rollercoaster 
You know what I mean ?
Try it , try it with me 
How tall is the Eye ?
How tall is Big Ben ?
Since then , I 've been working as a technology correspondent for about two years now 
It 's been great 
Cool , that 's awesome 
So you do , like , TV reports and , like , you 're like 
No , just the website 
I mean , there 's some video stuff , but tech industry pieces mainly 
Cool , tech .Tech 's awesome 
Tech 's ... So where have you been so far ?
Travelling around the map like Indiana Jones ?
- Where the adventure line goes zigzagging all over the place 
Yeah , actually , I 'm almost done . Uh 
But I started off , flew into Sydney , went to Thailand 
- Oh , jealous 
- India . Yeah 
Did Rome , went to Rome 
- Did the whole Europe vacation . - Even I haven 't done that 
- Oh , really ?
- Mm . It was awesome 
I went to Pamplona in Spain 
- Is that where they do the bull runs ?
- Ran with the bulls 
- You ran with the bulls ?
- I ran with the bulls 
- That 's how I got this 
- Look at that !
You really are Indiana Jones 
Have you got your whip in your bag and your hat ?
I saved the world from the Nazis 
That was pretty cool 
I , you know , just ... trying to do , you know , shit I 've never done before 
Is that what you 're doing on this trip ? You 're , like , finding yourself ?
- Yeah , um ... in a way 
- I mean , I 
Really to get away from the family home is what I 'm doing 
Oh . Yeah , that was ... Whatever , that 's boring 
Yeah , well , I 'm afraid Britain 's pretty tame as far as daredevil opportunities go . Yeah ?
It 's alright , it 's the last leg of the trip anyway so 
I 'm ... unfortunately home next week 
- Not much time 
- Next week ?
- Yeah . That 's not very long 
I could use some suggestions on fun shit to do 
- Hmm . Fun shit to do ?
- Fun shit to do 
Jesus !
Hello 
- Good morning 
Oh . Another battle scar 
Kind of 
Let me guess , you were , like , totally shark fishing in Cape Town , dude 
Is that your best American accent ? - Yes . - That 's pretty good 
No , um ... It was courtesy of Josh Peters , high school dick 
He and I got into a fight in shop class 
And he hit me with this , like , metal rod thing 
What an arsehole 
What an arsehole 
- That 's terrible 
- I 'm sorry . Is that you or me ?
Oh , it 's gotta be you 
" Mom . " You 're so American 
Yes , I am 
Are you not gonna get that ?
Okay , that was a little impersonal 
What , you wanna talk to her now ?
- You wanna talk to my mum ?
I 'll call back . - Fair point 
I don 't think so 
You hungry ?
Wow , look at all these games 
You 're , like , a gamer . Cool 
Of course I am .For my job 
What , a girl never beat you at Street Fighter ? Is this 
Like , this is , like , your dating manual ?
What ? The Singularity ?
It 's when computers learn to outsmart man like women did years ago 
Wow ! See , what I was doing , it was like a joke 
- You know ?
- Really ?
- Yeah 
- Well , that 's what you call a joke ?
Yeah , you guys have those 
- You guys have those here , right ?
- Yeah , yeah . We do at the moment 
That was a good joke 
Enjoy your Marmite 
Whoa !
Do you guys seriously eat this shit ?
Okay , alright 
Alright , saved by mum 
The best way to actually just stop her from calling is 
I don 't know , answer it 
Yeah , it 's kind of like a can of worms I just don 't wanna open right now , so 
She 's worried 
You 're her son 
You 've been travelling , and I just think if you speak to her , then 
Yeah , well , I still live at home with her back in Syracuse 
- That 's cool . That 's fine 
I was taking care of my dad 
Oh , shit 
Is he ... ?
- No , he died 
- Oh , my God 
- Last year . No , it 's okay 
It was coming for a while 
It was early onset Alzheimer 's 
Oh , that must have been really ... uh ... tough 
Yeah , he was my best friend 
Sometimes he 'd just look at me and wouldn 't even know who I was 
Well , my mum , like , I don 't even 
I don 't know how to talk to her 
You know , I don 't have that connection 
I don 't even know where to start 
So that 's why I left 
That 's why I went on this trip 
Just to get away and make , you know , all the memories that I can ... while I can 
And I know I gotta talk to her and I gotta just 
But not on this . You know , I just ... I 'll deal with it 
I 'll deal with it when I get back , you know . I 'll just 
You 're a good guy , Cooper 
Call your mum 
Zero , zero , one , nine , three , nine , two , nine 
No , I did not buy a pair of sandals in Koh Samui last night because I 'm in 
And how long does that take ?
Because I need to buy a ticket back to America 
Oh , my God 
Can I just say , this is the most blatant cover story for a second hook- up ever ?
Yes !
Oh , my God . Thank you , thank you , thank you 
Alright 
Don 't forget your bag 
The bag , yep , my bag . Alright 
You are a top bird . I don 't know what that means , but I heard somebody say it once , and you 're it 
I got a plan 
It 's odd jobs 
- For who ?
- For , like , it 's an app 
You can kind of ... like , I 've used it all over when funds were low , so 
- Oh , there 's some interesting ones . - Pretty cool 
- " Thrillseekers wanted . "
- This looks right up your street . - Okay 
Okay , four pound signs . That 's a biggie . That 's good 
It 's a little out of town 
And some kind of play test deal for a company called Saitoo 
- SaitoGemu ? - SaitoGemu 
They 're huge 
- They 're really big . - Really ?
- Horror games ?
Have you heard of 
Oh , what 's one of theirs ?
- Harlech Shadow 
- Yes , I have 
I used to play that in my buddy David Ludwig 's basement when we were , like , seventh grade 
Well , that 's Shou Saito 
It 's his company 
- He 's like this genius , super secretive 
- Okay . And apparently , they 're working on this new project 
Big money involved . Groundbreaking 
But nobody knows anything about it 
Well , maybe if I play my cards right I can get you an exclusive with Shou 
Hmm ? Fo Shou ? Yeah ?
You should take a photo 
Seriously , if you get a photo of anything that they 're working on , that 's a fuckload more money than four pound signs 
Cool 
Well , where is this place ?
Mr. Copper 
Just Cooper 
Mr. Cooper , I apologize 
Just Cooper is fine 
Then , in that case , I 'm just Katie 
- Hi 
- Hi . - Follow me . - Oh , yeah 
- I 'll just get my pack here 
- Rav will take care of that 
Oh , Rav will take care of that 
Okay , great . That 's good 
I don 't wanna carry it anyway 
Rav kind of reminds me of like an end- of- level boss 
You know , haiukon 
- How was your journey ?
- Great .Thanks 
- The car pick you up okay ?
- Yeah . Wow 
This way 
Are they ... seeing ?
It 's cool 
Come on 
Feel like I 'm gonna go meet Dumbledore 
Hope I get Gryffindor 
I 'm gonna need your phone and anything else you might use to send and receive 
- A little paranoid , don 't you think ?
- Can 't be too careful 
Okay , there you go 
Wow , you really are paranoid 
It 's white 
Okay , so I 'm guessing this says , like , I agree to have my kidneys harvested ?
Actually , it 's a pretty standard NDA- disclaimer thing 
It 's important that you realize there is a small medical procedure involved 
Sorry , for a game ?
Nothing permanent and we don 't harvest your kidneys ,
- I promise 
It 's no more invasive than having your ears pierced 
" Confidential information , brain downloads the game , duration , termination ... "
The signature page 
- Where do I sign ?
- Signature . Yeah 
- There 's a page missing 
- Okay . - Just a moment 
I 'll just wait ... here 
What the fuck ?
- All good ?
- All good 
What we 're working on is an interactive augmented reality system 
- Like VR ?
- More like layers on top of reality 
- What 's that ?
- We call this a mushroom 
- Like Mario Brothers ?
- If you like 
- You 're qualified to do this , right ?
- I haven 't killed anyone yet 
May I ?
Yeah 
All done 
- That was it ?
- See , I told you I 'm good 
- No , don 't worry , it 's not permanent 
Okay 
What is this , like , some kind of memory test or something like that ?
- You 'll find out 
- Oh , okay . You might feel a slight twinge as it initializes 
Oh , okay 
Commencing at 5 : 38 
- You ready ?
- Yes , sir !
Nearly there 
I thought I turned that off 
- All done 
You feel okay ?
- Uh- huh .Feel great 
- Watch the targets . - Okay 
What do you see ?
Like a ... um 
Like a video game gopher 
- Is it more detailed now ?
- Yeah . Yep , yeah 
- And now ?
- Holy fuck ! Holy shit ! He 
Fuck .He 's right ... He 's right ... He 's right 
Can I ... Whoo !
He 's not real 
He 's a sort of mental projection 
- You can see him 
I can 't 
- You can 't ?
Wow !
Oh , okay 
Give him a whack 
Give him a whack ? Oh 
Alright , so just like whack- a- mole 
- I 've played it a million times 
Okay . Alright 
Here we go 
Come on up 
Where you coming up ?
Alright 
Stay down 
Oh !
Very good game . You are so adorable 
Okay , bye . Bye 
- Is that it ?
- Afraid so 
Oh . Now , were the gophers two- dimensional or three ?
No , no , no .3D , super 3D . Like ... Yeah 
- Now this is just a limited test demo 
- That was a demo ?
I think you should beta test the full experience we 're working on 
There 'd be more money in it , of course . If you 're game ?
Yeah , yeah , yeah . Uh- huh , I 'm game . I 'm game 
- This is Shou Saito 
- You must be our latest volunteer 
- Hi 
This is really great . Hi . Hi 
I just ...I wanted to say that the mole game , super fun 
- Fun ?
- Fun is good 
- Playing games is good 
Your heart goes faster 
- You smile . - Yeah 
Or , um ... scream 
I have always liked to make the player jump 
Frightened 
You get scared , you jump 
- Afterwards , you feel good . - Yeah 
You glow . Why ?
Because of the adrenaline rush 
- Yes . - Yeah 
But mostly because you are still alive 
You have faced your greatest fears in a safe environment 
It is a release of fear . It liberates you 
Yeah . I mean , totally 
What we are working on now is the most personal survival horror game in history 
Cool . One that works out how to scare you by using your own mind 
That ... That sounds crazy 
Can 't wait !
I 'm uploading a neural net package 
Neural net packing , neural net 
Hmm . Name could use a little work , I think . It 's all 90s 
I 'm just kidding , it 's a good name 
It 's state of the art intelligence software 
It learns and adapts on the fly 
It 'll monitor your brain activity and try and work out how best to frighten you and then adjust to your experience accordingly 
- Whoa ! - Are you ready ? - Oh , yeah 
- Beam me up . Here we go , lock and load 
- Eyes closed 
- Time is currently 6 : 17 p . m 
It 's uploading 
Five , four , three , two , one 
How are you feeling ?
I feel good 
I feel normal 
Stand up , slowly 
Are you ready to play ?
Isn 't this the Harlech Shadow house ?
It 's part of the estate 
The gamekeeper 's lodge , actually . But , yeah , this was the model 
The layout was replicated for the game and the texture scanned 
Wow ! Very , very cool 
So what 's the game , what do I do ?
You don 't have to do anything 
You just stay in here alone , see how long you last until you 're too scared to continue 
So all I have to do is , like , stay here ? And I get paid for that ?
I 'll be back in the control room , watching 
There are cameras all over , so no stealing the silverware 
And now there 's this 
- And what 's this ?
- It 's an earpiece 
Yeah , just pop it in , and you and I will be in contact the whole time 
And I can , like , talk to you , and you 'll hear it ?
Great , that 's great 
Now , nothing you 'll see can physically harm you 
It 's all just audio- visual , like the gopher game 
Oh , okay 
But if it does get too intense , we can pull you out at any time
- and stop the experiment 
- Okay . Is there a safe word you can think of ?
Something easy to remember in distress ?
How about the word " stop " ?
- Good choice 
" Stop " it is 
- Yeah . Okay , we 'll leave you to enjoy your evening 
- Alright 
- You 'll hear from me in a moment 
Just make yourself at home 
Well , take her easy 
Harlech Shadow 
Is this real ?
Yeah , it 's real 
- Cooper 
- Oh , hey 
- Are you hearing me ?
- Loud and clear 
Reaching for the Dutch courage already , I see 
- I 'm afraid that wine 's non- alcoholic 
- Lame 
- Well , we need you with a clear head 
Fair point 
This is high- quality craftsmanship . This is nice 
It 's good woodwork 
- That 's this place 
- Full marks for observation 
Alright , there we go 
- Oh , shit 
- What 's up ?
I just forgot I don 't have my phone 
I keep going for it , I forget it 's not in my pocket 
And there 's , uh ... no TV here , so 
Welcome to the 19th century . No TV , no Internet , no wi- fi 
No wonder people were seeing shit 
Probably were just bored out of their gourds 
Well , that 's the leading theory about ghost sightings 
The mind plays tricks when less stimulated 
Fewer distractions , people saw more ghosts 
Isn 't that a nice piece of info ?
Well , they got literature , though 
That 's pretty sweet , right ?
Oh , my God , I can 't remember the actual last time that I read a book 
To think people used to do this on purpose 
I know . Crazy . Why ?
- You know , I don 't think I 've 
- Shh , alright ? I need to get into some old- school shit here 
Concentrate . Pardon me 
Can I point out your heart rate just increased ?
Well , it should have cos there 's a huge crazy spider 
You see a spider ?
- You don 't ... you don 't see that ?
- No 
Don 't ...Don 't walk . Don 't 
Holy shit !
Tough guy like you , scared of spiders 
Yeah , I 'm just not fond of them 
It 's worked out you 're an arachnophobe quickly 
It 's probing for weak spots 
God damn it . Fucker !
Whole lot more realistic than the gopher game 
It 's good . It 's good graphics . It 's good , uh 
Yeah 
Weak sauce 
- What is it ?
- Just ...Nothing .Here with the figures 
There 's a light on ... now , in the 
Can you ... zoom in and ...Zoom in on it ?
And you can see what I 'm talking about 
Whoa ! - Cooper 
- And now there 's 
Shh !There 's a guy in the window 
That wasn 't ... Yeah 
And now he 's gone 
Now nobody 's in the window 
Which is the 
Yeah , there 's a 
Just leaky pipes 
I knew it 
It was leaky pipes , like 
Holy fuck !
Fuck !
Okay 
That got me . You got me 
What are you seeing ?
Like a creepy fucking guy 
Wow , just ... Oh , my God . Oh , my God !
He kinda looks like Josh Peters 
You 're Josh Peters !
- Sorry ?
You 're Josh Peters from high school !
From a guy I know at high school 
The system could be mining some of your personal memories for texture 
Was Josh Peters someone you were scared of ?
He was a bully . I wasn 't scared 
I wasn 't scared of him , but he was a bully and 
Man ! Take a couple of Krav Maga classes and I 'd be ready 
I 'd be ready !
Kali ma !
I 'm gonna get some wine 
Re- up . I 'd offer you some , but I don 't think you can drink it so 
Whoo- hoo- hoo ! Catch ya later , Peters 
This non- alcoholic wine is pretty good 
I 'm not like a expert or anything , but it 's kinda great 
I was in France 
I stayed at this , like , vineyard , and they had this wine , like , grape- stomping festival 
Now that , that wine was good . I know that 
You 're being discursive 
- What is discursive ? Discursive ?
- Talkative 
- Rambling 
Is that a problem ?
People sometimes talk more when they 're afraid 
Helps compensate for the fear 
- Masks it , too . - Oh , yeah ?
Similar to when you 've got the TV on late at night 
The voices make you feel less alone 
Even though you are alone 
You aren 't scaring me , Katie 
Pity 
Is there like a refrigerator here ?
There 's some snacks in the cupboard 
Alrighty . Eenie meenie , miney 
Mo ! Alright . Okay , ginger snaps 
Let 's see 
Yeah , yeah , yeah 
This 'll do 
He 's gonna be right behind this door when I close it , isn 't he ?
Yeah , that 's how this works 
Knew it 
Jump scares get pretty old
Fuck ! Oh , God 
- What the hell is that ?
- What do you see ?
Holy shit !
A fucking ... Uh 
Hard to explain 
It 's like a huge- ass spider with a face and dicks coming out of his mouth 
It 's ... Peters . Peters is inside 
Like a Peters- spider mash- up 
Ah , Katie ! Are you doing this , or is this fucking me ?
- I think that 's all you 
- I 'm so fucked up !
God ! Fuck !
Holy shit , you 're fucking gross 
Yeah ... Sorry , can you say again ?
Katie , hello ?
Damn it , Katie !
Whenever you come back online , just say the word 
No , I 'm not scared , just ... bored 
That you guys ?
Coming to fix the earpiece ?
That 's probably a good idea 
Fuck it , man !
Come on !
You 're in danger 
Sonja ?
Now we 're talking 
Alright , this is incredible 
This ... very impressive 
I am thoroughly impressed . I am 
Wow ! Wow ! You look so real 
You 're , like , just like her 
I mean , wow 
Except ... you 're just unfortunately not ... um 
- Cooper , what are you doing ?
- Cooper , you 're in danger 
- Shh ! Quiet . Quiet ! I need to think 
You 're fucking real 
- Cooper , you 're in 
- You 're Sonja . You 're actually here 
- Are you actually here right now ?
- I 'm real . I 'm actually here 
- And we have to go 
- You have to listen to me 
- How are you here ?
You know that photo that you sent me ?
I dug around and apparently Shou Saito took out a patent for a computer brain interface last year 
How are you real ? I don 't 
Okay , fuck . I don 't 
They brought you here !
You are , you 're real , and they brought you here , and they 're trying to fuck with me 
Nice try , good try . I get it 
It 's part of the test 
His patent got rejected outright 
They said it was insane , it was dangerous 
Really ? How much are they paying you ? Honestly 
Cos you 're killing it right now 
- Have they given you something ?
- Sorry , I thought you were fake 
But now I know you 're real , I 'm being a really terrible host 
I got some non- alcoholic wine 
Might put us in the mood 
- Cooper , what I want to do is 
- We 'll talk about it in the kitchen 
- Cooper !
- Sonja , relax , okay ?
Give it up . I know , the jig 's up , okay ?
Let it go . Look , Cooper , there 's more 
Five people have disappeared in the past year 
All tourists , all registered with that stupid odd jobs app 
Oh , yeah ? Wow . God , that 's crazy 
Whatever they 're doing to you , whatever they 've done to you ,
it 's dangerous , and we really have to go now , Cooper 
Okay , okay . Alright 
- Well , if your story 's true 
- Cooper 
- Then how 'd you find me ?
- What ? How 'd you know where I am ?
It 's a games company , I looked up the address 
Yeah , really ?
No How 'd you find me here ? This place 
- I tracked you . - You tracked me ?
Yeah , with your GPS on your phone 
Find My Friends 
That would 've worked , but they took my phone 
And it 's in a building , like , a mile away 
So , yeah , nice try . That 's right 
So much for women outsmarting men . Singularity that !
Look , all I 'm saying is that
I think that you could 've come up with a better story , it could have been funny or 
Okay , alright , don 't be pissed 
Do you ever wonder how your bank account got hacked ?
What are you doing ?
- I cloned your card as you were asleep 
- Whoa . Okay . Put the knife down 
What are you going to do with that ? I drew your attention to this job 
Sonja , put the fucking knife down , okay ?
It 's not funny 
Should 've called your mum , Cooper 
- But you called me , and I led you here 
- You know what ?
- ... like a breadcrumb trail 
Put the knife down 
Drop the act 
Okay , seriously , drop the knife , Sonja 
It 's not fucking funny 
Put the knife 
This isn 't what I signed up for 
I 'm fucking done , okay ?
Fuck !
What the fuck ?
- Cooper , what 's happening ?
What the fuck happened ?
What 's happening ?
We 've been talking 
You 've not been responding 
- You said I wouldn 't feel anything !
- What are you seeing ?
What 's there ?
- Fuck !She 's gone now 
- Who 's gone ?
Oh , my God , I- I felt it 
There 's a knife in my arm !
- In my shoulder 
- Cooper , who was there ?
- Fuck ... Sonja 
- Who ?
Sonja . She 's this girl that I know , that fucking 
She stabbed me 
- She had a fucking knife 
- Nothing can harm you , Cooper 
- No , no , no , no . She was solid 
- No , she can 't have been . She 
I was stabbed !
I would know !
Nothing you see can harm or even touch you 
It 's purely audio- visual 
- There 's no physical sensation 
- Fuck ! Yes , there was !
- Cooper , you need to calm down 
- I know because I felt it , okay ?
I felt her arm , it was warm , and I felt her fucking stab me in the shoulder 
- That 's not possible . - Oh , my God 
- It 's not possible , Cooper 
- Yeah , it is ! Yeah , it is !
Physical sensations shouldn 't be possible 
- Unless , I mean ... - Oh , God 
Unless what ? I don 't know 
The neuron net , it could have maybe worked out some means of replicating physical experiences ,
- but that would be unprecedented 
- Jesus Christ . Okay , you know what ? Stop the game 
I want out . Just pull me out now 
Stop , stop , stop . Safe word 
Fucking stop !
- Okay , okay , just let us work it out 
- Oh , God 
No , I want this fucking thing out now 
Cooper , do not attempt to remove that yourself 
Removing it yourself is extremely dangerous 
Stop that , that could kill you !
Just stay calm !
Is that Shou ?
Is that Shou ?
What 's he saying ?
We 're gonna commence with deactivation 
Oh , that 's great news 
We need you to follow instructions and make it to the access point 
The access point ?
Great 
Where the fuck 's the access point ?
- Oh , fuck ! More stairs ?
Come on !
- Just one more level 
- Trust me 
Left at the top 
- Okay , which door ?
- Room at the end 
What is it ?
There 's gonna be something behind there . I can feel it 
- Something like 
- Like what ? Some personal fucked- up shit 
Like ... I don 't know , I could feel it digging around in my head 
Cooper , get to the door 
It 's gonna be like my mum , I don 't know , dead 
- Your mum ?
- Fucking swinging from a fucking beam 
- Your mother is not in there 
- You 're not in control of this !
It 's in my head . It fucking knows 
It knows 
- It knows what ?
It knows I got this thing with my mum 
Cooper , I promise you , she 's not in there 
- Now open the door . - Oh , my God 
It 's the only way I can get you out 
Listen to me . Okay , Okay 
Fuck . Okay 
Whatever 's in there cannot harm you 
But I can 't get you out unless you open that door , Cooper . Okay 
Would you kindly open the door ?
Here we go . Here we go 
Okay , okay , I 'm in the room 
Where 's the access point ?
Access point ?
- There is no access point 
- What ?
I 'm fucking with you , Cooper 
I told you to come up here to see if we 've broken you enough to obey instructions without question 
- And we have 
- Oh , no , no , no . Katie , come on 
Katie , come on , let me out ! Katie , let me out , come on ! What the fuck !
Oh , what are you gonna do ?
Oh , what are you doing to me ?
- Why are you doing this ?
- You thought you 'd see your mother 
- Oh , fuck !
- What does she look like ?
Your mother , can you describe her face ?
Her hair colour ? She 
Is she tall , short , fat , thin ?
- Where did you grow up ?
- She ... What 's your favourite band ?
Your favourite flavour ice cream ?
The name of the girl who stabbed you ?
You don 't know any of these things , do you ?
Don 't you think that 's odd ?
It 's fucking taking my memories !
Overwriting them , technically 
Fuck . Look in the mirror behind you 
Do you recognize yourself ?
Do you even know who you 're looking at ?
Soon you won 't be anything 
You 'll be just like your dad 
Shut up 
- That 's what really scares you , isn 't it ?
- You 're going the same place he did 
Shut up ! Shut up ! Shut up !
- You 're going nowhere 
- Shut up ! Shut up 
You should have called mum 
She 's all that 's left 
- You abandoned her 
Get out of my head !
You 'll never see her again 
You 're going nowhere . Straight into oblivion 
You deserve it . You should have called her . Get out of my fucking head !
Cooper , I 'm gonna shut it off , okay ?
I just need to connect 
Where am I ?
Who are you ?
I can 't stop it 
I don 't know who I am 
So I need to go home 
The interface has data tendrils like roots 
They 've dug in deeper than they 're meant to 
Threaded through your brain , taken over whole areas , I can 't stop it 
I can 't remove it , and I can 't stop it 
But I don 't know who I am 
I don 't know ... I don 't know who I am 
I don 't know who I am 
On behalf of Saito Game Team , I most humbly apologize 
Who are you ?
What have you done to me ?
- What have you done to me ?
- Put him with the others , please 
That was one second 
Either he 's super susceptible to this or the software is way too powerful still 
It 's jumped from zero to 18K in five milliseconds 
The experience was more powerful than intended , Mr. Cooper 
I hope you can forgive us 
 all luggage under the seat in front of you 
All electronic devices should now be turned off and stowed as they may interfere with the aircraft 's navigational and communication 
Mum ?
I have to call him 
Why did Cooper go ?
- I 
- Mom , I 'm right here . I 'm 
- I 'm right here , Mum 
- I have to call Cooper 
I have to call and make sure that he 's safe 
I have to call him 
