 Previously on " The Originals " ...
 Hayley :
 Kill him .
 If we can 't all create some sort of community , then what 's the point ?
 Kill each other and get it all over with .
 If there is no peace between us , then how can you expect others to follow suit ?
 Elijah :
 Klaus :
 The city 's inhabitants will not adhere to this agreement .
 We have a message for Marcel Girard .
 You and I were betrothed .
 I guess that makes us kind of like royalty .
 We made an alliance that 's gonna change everything for the wolves .
 An alliance with who ?
 Klaus . Klaus :
 A moonlight ring to protect werewolves from the curse .
 What do I have to do ?
 Kieran :
 I 've been hexed , and I don 't know how long I have . Cami : The pills , they 're not working .
 Klaus :
 These hexes , they start with magic .
 They alter the very chemistry of the brain .
 I can 't be fixed ?
 There 's only death ...
 Mine and yours .
 Uh !
 Oh !
 Kieran :
 This is the body .
 This is the blood .
 May they cleanse me of sin and preserve my soul in life everlasting .
 Bastianna :
 I 'd say it 's a little late for that , father .
 I see you still have your faith . You stay away .
 If only it could save you ...

 Sean , God , no !
 Aah ! To life everlasting .
 Drink .
 Be gone , demon .
 Come on . Just one sip .
 No .

 Uh !
 [ Glass shatters ]
 I know who you are , you hateful bitch .
 Oh , Sean , I tried to help you .
 I tried to save you , but this city ...
 This city is full of monsters .
 Uh , yeah .
 Trust me , I know .
 Remind me to never piss off a witch .
 Aagh !
 Help me lay him on his side .
 [ Panting ]
 Cami . Uncle Kieran ?

 What do you want from me ?
 You saw that , right ? It was just for a second , but it was him .

 I don 't know , Cami .
 I mean , maybe he 's still in there underneath all the crazy , but the crazy is pretty thick .
 Maybe he just needs a shock to his system , something to wipe the slate clean .
 Josh , I think I have an idea on how to fix him .
 [ Books rustling and dropping ]
 Can I help you find something ?
 Yes . In fact , I believe you can .
 I 'm looking for a book about yay big filled with our mother 's most powerful spells .
 It appears to have been misplaced .
 How very mysterious .
 Indeed .
 At first , I feared the witches had succeeded in their efforts to obtain it , but considering their last attempt ended with me relieving a rather large , tattooed gentleman of his hands , I began to wonder if the thief wasn 't a bit closer to home .




 Don 't make this harder than it needs to be , brother .
 Well , admittedly , I did have a theory that your sudden interest in mother 's grimoire was in some way related to whatever foolishness you 've been conducting with the crescent wolves .
 Therefore , I took it upon myself to carefully place it where naughty ,
 little fingers could not pry .
 And here I thought you , of all people , would understand , I am simply trying to help those wolves , play samaritan to the abused , champion to the underdog , so to speak .
 How splendidly noble of you .
 Have you ever considered that , like you ,
 I am trying to keep Hayley safe , using our mother 's magic to empower her people so they are capable of protecting her ?
 Yes , unless , of course , they decide to seek retribution for decades held in exile , and Hayley will find herself in the middle of an uprising , one that will only provoke further violence .

 You see , you risk turning New Orleans into a war zone , brother .
 I won 't let that happen . The drums of war were beating long before we returned .
 I suggest you use a little less of this and a little more of these .
 Mm ...
 Uh- uh .
 No way .
 Marcel , on phone : Cami , Josh told me how bad things have gotten .
 I should be there for you . Just let me help .
 How , by getting yourself killed ?
 You have a target on your back , Marcel .
 The last thing I need is for you to get hurt because of me .
 I 'm more worried about you .
 Kieran is dangerous . I got this .
 You come here , I 'll throw you out myself , all right ?
 I mean it .
 What the hell ?
 Josh : Oh , ok . Yeah .
 Totally see how we got kind of a crime scene vibe happening here .
 Just don 't freak out , ok ? Hi .
 I 'm Dr. Sheski .

 Just gonna get your pulse .
 Aah ! Hah !

 [ Cell phone rings ]
 [ Ring ]
 [ Beep ]
 Think very carefully before you speak .
 The sound of your voice is likely to make me regret what mercy I 've shown thus far .
 Yeah , yeah . I know .
 I 'm on your " who 's been naughty " list .
 Thing is , Cami needs you .
 Whatever anger you have towards me , don 't make her suffer for it .
 She 's with Kieran .
 [ Beep ]
 I 'm gonna have to let the authorities know what the hell is going on here .
 Josh ? Oh , right .
 Dude , be cool .
 It 's just a priest hexed by a witch because of some vampires .
 Accept that these things are real , then forget them . I mean later .
 You forget them later . Crap .
 Ah ! Ok . Let me start over .
 Dr. Sheski , my uncle needs to be sedated , something strong .

 Sedation ?
 He looks like he should be in an ICU .
 Yeah . See , this other witch put this boundary spell on him .
 So he 's kind of stuck in here .
 This man is malnourished , severely dehydrated .
 Which is why you 're here , but first , doctor , what do you know about shock therapy ?
 ECT ?
 First , it 's incredibly dangerous .
 But it has been known to help treat cases of extreme psychosis .
 Answer the nice lady .
 We don 't fully understand it yet , but , yes , in some patients , using electrical current to induce seizures can subvert a psychotic episode , in effect , rebooting the brain , but only in the most extreme cases , do we even consider ...
 Like my friend said , we 're talking about a priest hexed by a witch .
 I don 't think it gets any more extreme than that .
 [ Hayley exhales ]
 That 's it .
 Inhale and release .
 I guess this means no epidural , huh ?
 You sure I can 't do this thing in , say , a hospital , the place with the doctors and the drugs ?
 Honey , the werewolves have been having babies out here since before you were born .
 Stop worrying .
 Ok .
 Then what , Eve ?
 I don 't even know what it 's like to have a mother , let alone be one .
 Trust me , when the time comes , you 'll know exactly what to do . I hope so .
 As fun as it is to image Klaus changing dirty diapers , I 'm pretty sure that I 'll be doing this alone .
 I somehow doubt that .

 Pardon the interruption .
 I wonder if I might have a quick word with the conspirators of a supposed uprising .

 You 're making a grave mistake . So you 're just worried about us .
 Is that it ?
 Look , Elijah .
 We know all about your brother 's reputation , but if there is even a chance that these rings can help us take control of our curse ...
 Our gift .
 Then , honestly , we don 't care what he 's really after .
 Won 't have to . I see .
 There are those in the quarter who will consider this a great provocation .
 Apparently , most of them see us breathing the same way .
 You signed a pledge , and you looked me in the eye as you did so . We don 't want a fight , Elijah .
 We just want a better life .
 Allegiance with my brother will guarantee you anything but that .
 [ Motorcycle approaching ]
 Jackson :
 What the hell ?

 Which one of you is in charge ? Who 's asking ?

 Waah !
 [ Tinnitus ringing ]
 [ Muffled ] Hayley , are you ok ?
 [ Ringing continues ]
 It 's ok .
 Here .
 Come here . Oh , God .
 Jackson ?
 Here .
 Get him away from here .
 Come on .
 Hayley .
 Elijah .
 [ Panting ]
 Wolfsbane .
 It must have been in the gas tank .
 You 're the fastest .
 Take him , anyone else who can 't walk in the barn .
 It 's ok , Elijah .
 I 'm fine .
 They need your help .
 Oliver : Just hang in there , ok ?
 Oliver , no .
 Aah ! Oh , God .
 Press here .
 Give me your shirt .
 Now ! It 's ok .
 Uh !
 Uh !
 Uh !
 How 'd you learn how to do that ?
 You get a hell of an education when you leave home at 13 .
 Ah ! That should slow the bleeding at least until the healing kicks in .
 Oh !
 Rraagh !
 The vampires .
 They don 't even have the guts to do their own dirty work themselves .
 I mean , why bother when you can just compel some poor son of a bitch to do it for you ?
 I say we hit them back hard .
 Stay here , Oliver .
 I need you to look after everyone until I get back .
 Where the hell are you going ?
 If this was vampires , I 'm pretty sure that I can guess who gave the order .
 I 'm gonna go find Marcel .
 [ EKG beeping ]
 [ Kieran panting ]
 There 's a special place in hell for your kind .
 Not the first time I 've heard that one .
 [ Kieran moans ]
 Well , isn 't this a gruesome , little scene ?
 Klaus , what are you doing here ?
 I received an urgent call on your behalf .
 It seems I 've been tasked with doing what your coward of a boyfriend could not , which , by the looks of things , is dissuading you from whatever madness it is you 're about to attempt .

 Are you ready ?
 Sheski : Please , I 'm begging you , don 't force me to do this .
 Fine .
 I 'll do it myself .
 [ Whirring ] Klaus : Camille , your uncle is a good man .
 He shouldn 't suffer .
 He 's been suffering for weeks .
 He 's dying , Klaus .
 This might be the only chance he 's got .
 Aah !
 Aagh !
 Aagh !
 Ah !
 [ Beep ]
 [ Cell phone rings ]
 [ Beep ] Hayley .
 Hayley , on phone : I have to take care of something .
 I 'll be back as soon as I can .
 Where are you ?
 Elijah , I 'm fine .
 Just take care of the pack while I 'm gone , please ? [ Click ]
 Is she ok ?
 Apparently , yes .
 It 's a good thing that bomb went off where it did .
 Could 've been a lot worse .
 People could 've got killed .
 Unless ...
 Get everyone out of here ...
 Now !
 [ Explosion ]
 [ People screaming ]

 [ Panting ]
 [ EKG beeping ]
 Cami ...
 What the hell did you do to me ?
 We have to do it again .
 Whoa , are you serious ?
 Cami : That was something coherent .
 It 's working .
 Doctor , see to your patient .
 You get away from me .
 [ EKG beeping rapidly ]
 Sheski :
 Heartbeat is irregular . We can 't keep this up .
 It 'll kill him .
 No .
 Cami , we need to have a word in private .
 I think you need to prepare yourself .
 This story does not have a happy ending .
 But the treatments ...
 Will kill him .
 Were you to push him over the brink ,
 I would hate for you to have to live with that , no matter how noble your aim .
 So that 's it , then ?
 You just expect me to surrender ?
 Maybe it 's time ...
 Not to give up , to let go .
 It 's not your decision to make .
 Jackson , she 's gone .
 Oliver :
 Help ! Somebody help .
 Ok . Hold on .
 Hold on , Eve .
 Gaah !
 Uh !
 Uh !
 Come on , Eve .
 Come on .
 Oliver : It 's ok . You 're gonna be ok .
 [ Rock music playing ]
 Diego : You done got some nerve coming up in here , mama .
 Raar !
 Someone attacked my pack in the bayou this morning , and since I don 't see any genius mastermind types around here ...
 Mm !
 Mm ...
 Why don 't you just tell me where Marcel is and we can both get on with our day , huh ?
 Mm ! You think I 'm playing ?
 There were families out there .
 He used to keep a place ... 1917 rampart .
 If he 's still around , he 'll be there .
 Uh !
 Um , I wouldn 't stay that close to him if I were you .
 He 's kind of unpredictable and murdery .
 This is fascinating .
 Would it be possible to speak to the witches responsible ?
 Yeah .
 You don 't want to do that .
 Raah !
 Josh :
 Holy ...
 Kieran :
 Raah !
 Aagh !
 Hey !
 Little help in here !
 [ Ship horn blows ]
 Klaus , where are you ?
 His wrath burns against you , demon .
 I 'm in a bit of a situation here , luv .
 Somebody sent a suicide bomber out to the bayou this morning .
 What ?
 Where are you ?
 Hayley , on phone : I 'm in the city now . I 'm fine .
 I figured an attack like that must have been Marcel .
 He 's hated the wolves for years , and after that stunt he pulled with the witches ...
 So I tracked him down .
 Thought you might like to help kick his ass for trying to blow us to kingdom come .
 Would you get him out of here now , please ?
 Make sure he remembers nothing .
 Hey , listen .
 I assure you , once I am finished here , you will have my undivided attention .
 In the meantime , please stay out of trouble .
 You don 't have to worry .
 Elijah is with me .
 Uh ...
 Oh , no .
 That wound should be healing by now . Oliver :
 She never killed anyone , never activated the werewolf Gene .
 So she can 't heal , not like us . My blood , it could heal her .
 Vampire blood ?
 Trust me , she 'd rather die .

 We can 't just let them get away with this .
 We don 't even know who 's to blame .
 The hell we don 't , and if we don 't fight back , they 'll just do it again .

 Come on in .
 Have a seat .
 I 'd offer you a drink , but ...
 Sweet pad .
 Oh , it 's just temporary .
 Friend hooked me up .
 Believe it or not , I still got a few of those kicking around .
 I need friends to keep me informed , to warn me when someone is coming
 looking to blame me for things that I didn 't do . For the record , you didn 't have to work Diego like that .

 You and I are long overdue for a chat .
 You want to talk , talk .
 Tough girl .
 You 're a lot like your dad in that way .
 Oh , yeah .
 I knew him .
 I knew your whole family .
 In fact , if you knew them like I did , you 'd know just how many enemies they have .
 Back in the nineties , it was the crescent wolves who took over the city .
 They lived to throw down , and they were good at it , too .
 They didn 't care who they killed as long as they got more power . So the crescent curse was your way of stopping them ?

 How heroic .
 It was either that or kill them all , and I 'm not big on indiscriminant slaughter .
 See , I have this thing about kids .
 So I 've heard . Oh ...
 You did more than hear about it ,
 Andrea Labonair .

 You 're living proof .
 [ EKG beeping rapidly ] [ Flatline beep ]
 He 's in cardiac arrest .
 You might want to look away .
 What the hell are you doing ?
 Massaging his heart .
 His body is shutting down .
 Even with my help , he doesn 't have much time .
 Your blood .
 If you fed him your blood , he 'd wake back up , right ?
 As a vampire in transition , yes .
 As for the hex , perhaps his death will be a mercy .
 [ EKG beeping rapidly ]
 Do it . Just do it .
 Please , Klaus , I can 't let him die , not like this .
 [ Flatline beep ]

 How long have you known who I am ?
 I saw how interested you were in those crescents .
 After your little family reunion out at the old plantation house ,
 I started to put two and two together .
 Tell me something , Marcel .
 Did you kill my parents ?
 There was infighting among the wolves .
 Your folks were laying low .
 Somebody turned on them . I honestly don 't know who .
 I got there afterwards , found you in your crib .
 Give me one good reason why I should believe anything that you have to say .
 Believe whatever you want , but you were the last Labonair .
 I mean , could 've been a lot of leverage for our side , but instead , I took you to father Kieran .

 What 's that ?
 Money mostly , stuff you need to start over someplace safe .
 Whatever happened in the bayou , I 'm not your guy , but the way things are going , eventually , I might have to be .
 So this is your grand plan ...
 Get me out of town , and Klaus and Elijah follow closely behind ?
 I can 't say that wouldn 't be a positive side effect .
 So why don 't you leave , follow your own advice ?
 I was born here , Hayley .
 So was I.

 Guy on the bike , the bomber , word is , he had a gambling problem , owed money to the casinos , more importantly , to the humans who run them , and , Hayley , when things get bad , remember , I tried to get you clear of it ... again .




 I 'm afraid I have to go .
 What happens next , after he wakes ?
 He 'll be in transition , craving blood , but I 'll be back before then .
 He 's gonna be furious with me .
 He 's a priest . I turned him into a vampire . What kind of desperate move is that ?
 Well , you know as well as I do , luv , he 'll never go through with it .
 Turning him wasn 't the goal .
 It was to give you a chance to say good- bye .
 Klaus , will you stay just a little longer ?
 Of course .

 Is this the peace you promised ?
 I gather my brother believes he can remove your curse .
 Klaus was offering us freedom not just from the pain that comes with turning , but from the contempt we 've faced our whole lives .
 And what about Hayley ?
 Want to make this place right for her , safe for her and the baby .
 Cami , what happened ?

 The hex ...
 I could feel it like a living thing inside of me .

 It 's gone .
 Oh ...

 Oh , my God . Yes .
 You 've had a trying day , father .
 How best to break it to you ?
 It appears the hex was broken by your death .
 Back up .
 I died ?
 For how long ?
 A few hours , give or take .
 I 'm sorry .
 I just couldn 't lose you , not like that .
 I made Klaus give you his blood . I see .
 So the devil has a deal for me , after all .
 Uncle Kieran ...
 That hunger you feel , it 'll only grow stronger .
 I know how it works .
 Then you will soon know if you do not feed , you will die .
 I know if that 's the choice that I have to make , I 'm dead already .

 Please leave me with my niece .
 I 'd like a private moment to talk with her .

 It 's ok .
 Klaus , thank you for today , for being kind .
 [ Eve moaning ]

 Hey , Ollie , how do I look ?

 You look fine , Evie .
 You look just fine .
 You always were a terrible liar .
 Damn it .
 Look .
 All you got to do is just trigger the curse .
 You 'll heal .
 It 's who we are .
 It 's who you are . Why can 't you just accept that ?
 Why can 't anyone see what needs to be done ?
 Living here like animals , fighting between tribes , scared to stand up for ourselves .
 Who 's gonna lead us , Jackson ?
 He wants to bow down to that hybrid .
 Hayley ?
 She 's not one of us .
 At least now , we have an enemy to hate .
 Oliver , no .
 Tell me you didn 't ...
 You don 't understand .
 Then explain it to me , Ollie .
 I know you .
 I know you wouldn 't hurt your own people . Look .
 It wasn 't supposed to happen like this , Evie .
 I just wanted to make a little noise , just get our people mad , but I didn 't agree to all this .


 They stabbed me in the back , and now ...
 Who ?
 Who put you up to this ?
 You stupid kid .
 Do you have any idea what the pack is gonna do to you when they find out ?

 They 're not gonna find out , Evie .
 If they did , all those people would have died in vain .
 I had to do whatever it took to make us strong .
 Ollie , no .
 I 've got to do that even now .
 Ollie , it 's all over now .
 No !
 No !
 Oh !
 Ollie !
 I 'm sorry , Eve .
 Mmph mmph !



 Everything is where you said it would be except that key you mentioned .
 That 's the one thing I couldn 't find .
 It 's the one you usually wear around your neck ?
 That key is a very important part of our family legacy .
 You have to find it .
 I will , I promise .
 [ Exhales ]
 I am so sorry .
 I never wanted to involve you in this , in any of it .
 This can 't be how it ends .
 It was the only way it was ever going to end .
 I made peace with that a long time ago .

 Listen .
 I don 't know how bad this is gonna get , and I don 't want you to see it .
 So in a moment , I 'm gonna let go , and you are gonna turn around , and you are gonna walk out of here without looking back ...

 Ok , kiddo ?
 Promise me , without looking back .




 Oliver :
 They are counting on our doubts .
 That 's right !
 Yeah !
 They are counting on our fears ! That 's right ! Right !
 You stayed .
 Oliver :
 Come morning , they will know that we are not cowards .
 What 's going on ?
 What is he doing ? We are not afraid !
 He 's making a move for power in the wake of tragedy .
 He 's not alone .
 There was another attack after you left .
 What ?


 Elijah : Your friend Jackson will need your help .
 They will want vengeance ...
 Blood for blood ...

 And , unfortunately , in troubled times , people do not look for the best ...
 [ Cheering ]
 But rather the loudest .
 Oliver :
 Hey !
 Hey !

 I 'm surprised to see you here .
 The bayou explosion , the attack on my child .
 Tell me what you know .
 I know the wolves have no shortage of enemies , Marcel for one .
 Marcel wouldn 't stoop so low .
 The witches , however ...
 I have witnessed firsthand the depths of your cruelty .
 You don 't think I did this .
 What kind of monster do you take me for ?
 How ugly I must seem next to the pure , innocent glow of your precious Camille .
 So sad about her uncle , by the way .
 Kieran is in transition .
 He has been released from the hex .


 Genevieve :
 A hex of that magnitude ?
 Kieran 's hex will return ...
 If it hasn 't already .


 No !
 Bastianna : Not yet , priest .
 There 's more work to be done , a final offering to complete your penance , that which you hold most dear .

 [ Creak ]
 That boundary spell , on the other hand , now that he 's died , I imagine it won 't be quite so confining anymore . Genevieve :
 [ Sniffles ]


 Have you changed your mind ?
 Yes .
 It appears I have .
 Oh !
 Aah !
 [ Whimpering ]
 Aah !


 Don 't fight it , Cami . Aah !
 In death , we are whole again . Ah !
 Aah !


 Bastianna :
 Bless her , father .
 Kill her .
 Rejoice in life eternal .
 [ Hiss ]
 [ Crack ]

 You deserved far better than this .
 Uh !
 [ Music playing ]
 [ Cell phone ringing ]



 [ Beep ]
 Klaus , you need to know I had nothing to do with that business out in the bayou today .
 Klaus , on phone :
 I never thought you did . I 'm calling to let you know the priest is dead .

 Your exile is suspended for the next 24 hours .
 You may return to the quarter to bury your friend .
 Why are you doing this ?
 She woke in the dark not knowing where she was ...
 Or who was watching over her .
 It was your name she called , and if you can grant her comfort , so be it .




 Oliver : Look .
 I know where I 'm going .
 If any of you want to follow , hey , that 's up to you .
 That 's up to you !
 [ Cheering ]


 Kieran is dead .
 Did you get it ?

 It was around his neck , just like you said .
 P. S ....
 I do not feel awesome about this . I know ...
 But people are gonna be coming after this .
 Cami is not ready for that , not yet .
 So what now ? Storm clouds are gathering .
 Someone bombed those wolves , and we know it wasn 't us .
 Witches , humans , vampires , wolves .
 City is at a breaking point .
 We need to be ready .
 First Marcel 's massacre , now bombs in the bayou .
 I 'll assume you 're ready to give up this doomed treaty .
 This alliance with the wolves , well , if it is to succeed , I believe you 'll want this .
 Seems I have Hayley to thank for your change of heart .
 The rifts in this city run far deeper than I even imagined , Niklaus .
 These tribes , these factions , they 're families , families who choose to fight .
 Mayhem has descended upon our home , and if I 'm to choose a side ...
 To our victory , brother .
