NETFLIX ORIGINAL SERIES TITLE: War Heroes Alright, everyone is getting their ass in the sun, get up, Streep








Are you awake?
- Of course awake, not dreaming - listen up
Something happened last night in Hovers, a small town about 5 kilometers east.
We were notified that a granary had been broken into
Locals think it 's cockroaches
Cockroaches . . . we move in 5 minutes, start
It looks like you 're taking part in an official cockroach hunt for the first time.



rookie . . .


My name is Streep and let me give you some advice in case you go head-to-head with roaches today

If you see one in front of you
Try not to scare them into peeing their pants, it will only make them more angry
- I 'll try - you don 't mind Lann
His marksmanship is bad, he 's the only one in the world
I peeed my pants and couldn 't hit
- Fuck you, peasant girl - peasant girl?
Yes, hunting is my forte
- A few of us are natural players. - Go





Okay

you can talk now


Must be a cockroach
Cockroaches, have you seen them?
Did you see?

I didn 't see it, but I heard it
a mess
must be them
Want cookies?

give you them hiding in food

must destroy their leftovers
those no one will eat

we can change a batch of food


They wrecked the refrigerator, broke in and took the parts
refrigerator? They stole parts from the refrigerator?

Where did they go?


There are footprints pointing in the direction they are headed




Is Hydeka a name?


Stop them from breaking in again please, make sure to stop them
Okay

my kids are scared
I 'll stop them, I promise



Streep


Well, our friends think cockroaches
Headed in the direction of Pine Hydeka 's house
That guy is the weirdo here, seems like a religious fanatic
Anderson and Hagrid, you two stay here to help burn the food.
Keep the people calm and appease the rest of them to follow me to Hydeka 's house

Ask a few questions, investigate by the way, and let them know how good we are when you see cockroaches, let 's go

So Mr. Hydeka isn 't a social celebrity, and he 's not gregarious.
Seems to be mentally ill
He is said to have a different opinion on cockroaches
I now feed the content into the mask system
Someone complained about him a few months ago
Resident says he let cockroaches pass by and fed them food
But maybe the locals are talking nonsense



How many cockroaches are out there?
Thousands or hundreds?
We kill a million cockroaches in our hometown, dude
But 2 years later their numbers are back
There are hillbillies out there throwing things for them to eat
No wonder we spend so much time dealing with the aftermath
But how could anyone be stupid enough to help a cockroach? Yes

house with front and rear doors
No lights in the house

Smoke from the chimney, someone at home
Rainer, you use the bomb








Okay, has the veil system confirmed that everyone has the floor plan?
confirm. . .
confirm
Akin, Vulcan, Kochi, you check out the annexes in this area
One room at a time, check slowly
Streep, Lehman, you all go with me and Lena
we go in from here
Reina and I are in charge of talking to Hydeka, and you 're in charge of checking the house.




Better not to shoot
Besides killing cockroaches . . .






Hayayasu, ancestor
I don 't need a translator, I speak your language
Okay
- What do you want to do? - just wanted to chat with you

we are talking
Would you be kind enough to let us in and talk?

Check upstairs room



Don 't be nervous, I 'm not the enemy

where are they?
who do you mean?

The village has a large number of residents who are scared and angry
Cockroaches break into their granaries and steal supplies
Do you know about this?

do not know
The point is not what they stole

But the rest of the food will be destroyed
- No one will eat - Streep
It makes everyone 's life more difficult
Over that wall, you have your rules
You think life is sacred, I understand that
I agree that life is sacred so you have to protect even cockroaches, right?
It 's not their fault for this behavior and they don 't want it


I understand, everyone understands



It 's the virus in the blood that makes them the disease they carry
But regardless of the sanctity of life or the pain that others will suffer if we don 't get rid of cockroaches in 5, 10, 20 years
Or will there be offspring like that, and they 'll keep multiplying




Found it like this, the pain keeps looping
those diseases will never be eradicated
Damn cockroach nest



You check here, I check upstairs for every cockroach you saved today
I don 't know how many people will be sentenced to despair and miserable lives tomorrow.
You can 't also consider them human
I understand your sympathy and opinion but it is misleading
Humans must be eliminated if they are to survive

It 's the cruel truth
sacrifice must be made







what happened?








Reina, come and help me





damn















bud
We have to listen to this believer all the time
Did you keep reading on the way back?
you can cover your ears
- yes, or mute forever - drop the weapon


Cockroach lovers should be able to kill them too, right?
He 's a commoner, isn 't he?
Shooting people will leave a stain on your life
Streep, can you mind your own business?
Because it 's him, not you
- Looks like I pissed off both of you at the same time? - enough
set fire here


Are you OK?
fine




- I heard you killed one - two
Wait, two?
- Another stabbed to death - stabbed to death with a knife? so brave
- Awesome, right? - That 's right, the Devil Terminator at all.
- Damn, he killed two on his first mission - lucky bastard

wish him a good dream tonight
Looks like there 's a reward tonight





I love you









marksman girl
cocky bastard

(accuracy 90%)
Ruthless, you 're a god of death
That 's right, I 'll never let the cockroaches run away next time
do you mind?
I grew up hunting deer, so never give up
I don 't like to see them run away (Round 6, Lehman Accuracy 91%)
pretty
Yes, if they run into the woods
May run to the border and disappear
you do not need to worry
you killed two
I haven 't had grades for a long time so this girl is a little nervous
Stop it, Rei
- Did you sleep well? - Yes, not bad
Are you only going to give me this answer?
not bad? If I can solve two tasks at a time, it should be an orgasm for an hour
Enough, stop talking

All right
(Koinanger accuracy 0%)
That 's it




Are you OK?
It 's alright, probably just tired
So you had a good time last night?
3 9 、 4 0 、 4 1 、 4 2 、 4 3 . . .
4 4 、 4 5 、 4 6 . . .
4 7 、 4 8 、 4 9 . . .
5 0 、 5 1 、 5 2 . . .
5 3 、 5 4 、 5 5 . . .
5 6 、 5 7 、 5 8 、 5 9 . . .



strong and clean
strong and clean



- Streep, are you all right? - fine


In fact, I do not know

Feeling a little dizzy, but I 'm not sick
- only. . .
- Report to the infirmary


start a diagnosis

- what did you see? - a block

- Are you spinning? - right

- now what? - a tree, like an apple tree
click apple


full score
- So you say you have a headache? - Yes, but for a moment
It 's not serious, just . . . everything looks fine
Your veil system didn 't malfunction or stop functioning
And you 're in excellent shape
You just saw the fight scenes sometimes have side effects I found . . . this thing
In the farmhouse, there are lights on this

- Taken from cockroaches - cockroaches?
- Kind of like a flash - a flash?
similar

- I don 't know - you 're really all right
No problem with the mask system, no problem with blood, very healthy
understood

maybe you should talk to alkert
Who is Alcatel?


- you must be koinange - it 's koinange, everyone calls me streep
Why are you called that?
I guess it won 't pronounce my name

- that 's funny - thanks
Take a break, please sit


Did you kill an enemy two cockroaches for the first time recently?
First time on a mission, it 's outstanding
Maybe


So how is the process?
How was the situation when the enemy was killed?
I was in a farmhouse
There 's a hidden room in there or something
We went in and found cockroaches
The first one was my gut reaction, I fired a few shots

- Yeah, it 's like training - yeah, it 's like that


- What about the second one? - He fell to the ground with me
he? is a male cockroach


So it 's a close fight this time?
Yes, he was on top of me and I fought hard because . . .
I couldn 't get a rifle, so I had to stab him
stab him, stab him with my knife
How do you feel?
- What 's the meaning? - In terms of emotions?

I don 't feel it, I was in self-defense when the incident happened suddenly.
I think it was just a sigh of relief

- Only to feel relaxed? - Yes, it 's not strange if you feel otherwise
Even hyperactivity is a normal response
I should, I don 't know, maybe I 'll feel . . .

do not know
- Do you have any other feelings? - yes, eg regret
Feelings of regret, but no
- So you will do it again? - Yes, of course
- Then why are you here? - I have no idea. . .
Sometimes I have a strange feeling like the hood is malfunctioning
but your implant has successfully passed all diagnoses
- No problem. - Yes, the doctor said no problem.
Don 't know, maybe just . . .


I thought there was something strange
- but not really - no

You accomplish a great thing, you should be proud of yourself
understand?
things will pass
How about a good night 's sleep for you?
relax and sleep well


get on me
















well done, asshole
It seems that Hydeka didn 't stay silent for too long

As soon as we forced a confession, he hired a location.
Where cockroaches are infested
Well
It 's a state house, not far from here uninhabited after the war broke out
So the control center wants us to investigate before we go back
Can you be faster?


We 're supposed to burn down the entire forest, right?
Let the cockroaches have nowhere to run



OK, did you see that?
This solar panel is the cleanest
And there are cables

- Must be a cockroach stealing electricity - why here?
God knows

All right
best return to headquarters




Control center, I 'm Mitina, we 've confirmed that there are traces of cockroach activity in the state house
We see a wiped solar panel and cable
understood



- Are you OK? - I 'm smelling the grass


Usually we don 't smell anything
- Did you find out? - I have absolutely no idea
request for combat plan
Can 't hear clearly, please repeat


All right
The control center wants us to retreat and wait for the order
damn

Mitina
hateful




- Asshole - Mitina

Streep, come back, she 's dead, move fast
well . . . cover me

ray . . . come back

Okay

Got a damn cockroach with a rifle, oh my god

God damn it

OK, Streep
Streep, cheer up, man
He fired six shots just now, looks like he 's using an old manual bolt
It should take ten seconds to reload
Are you going to rush in?
Rush in and kill him, do you want to come with me?
- I 'll go with you - action
Follow me




Ok? Three, two, one, cover me





Come on, man, what are you doing?


What the hell is this?
let 's go

Streep









Stop it, it 's alright... .
you calm down first . . .
never mind. . .
i won 't hurt you
I 'm not going to hurt you, okay?
let 's go, get out of here, come on
It 's not safe here, there are cockroaches
go, go in





follow me


- Lei, what have you done? - shut up and follow
What good have you done?





found it




damn


bud












- Run - what are you doing?
- You kill innocent people - they 're all cockroaches
you wanna kill them, fuck you
What 's the matter with you? you are dizzy
- cheer up - no






Are you all right?

You have to get out of here, hurry up
move fast




hateful

you better run









for you
i 'm fine


you don 't discriminate against me

It goes without saying that . . .

What you see is not a cockroach
you are not a cockroach
Cockroaches are all . . .
Weird looking?
Cockroaches can 't talk

It 's just that you can 't hear
- What nonsense are you talking about? - is the effect of your army implants
curtain system
The military put it in your brain to help fight
If the system works, you 'll see us as strange creatures
Our partner Luca is making a machine
Like a flash, he said it could affect the implant system
Are you a cockroach?

But I 've seen cockroaches
I 've seen them and they 're just...
- like . . .
- animal?
No, they 're monsters, I 've seen them
it 's the implant that affects you




Nonsense, those villagers . . .

natives and army
They don 't have an implant system at all
But afraid of cockroaches

- They hate cockroaches - Everybody hates us So what did they see?

what do they see? What did the cockroaches look like they saw?
It 's what you see now
They hate us because that 's how they were educated



Started 10 years ago . . . after the war it started with physical and DNA checks
Then register, implement contingency measures
And then people say we 're monsters
dirty monster
All media, whether TV or computer
It 's been reported that we have a disease
Our blood has a weakness
They say our blood can 't stay
we can 't go on living

I used to be Katarina
his name is alec
Now we 're all just cockroaches


but now. . .
now you see me

now you see me


bud?

Rei, stop, don 't



say i shouldn 't kill you
- It 's all fake, Rei - Are you under evil?

everything is fake

Screw you
get up and lean against the wall


stand up
- Want me in? - It does not matter
i can talk to him

Thank you, Briley



Streep
We should apologise to you for not finding out that the masking system was at fault
I bought you coffee

You told the doctor about the device found in the farmhouse

Is it this thing?
Here 's what we found in the house you and Lehman searched
Looks like it was made in reverse from our drone

This light transmits code like a virus
it will go into your system and try to shut it down from the inside
I tell you, these cockroaches are getting worse
Simply beyond our imagination

The whole thing is a lie
I can understand why you say that
cockroach
Looks just like us
Of course the same

That 's why they 're so dangerous, we humans make ourselves notorious
But we will sincerely sympathize with the same
It 's a good thing we don 't actually want to kill each other
You can 't have a future until you destroy your enemies
come on, sit down

I don 't know how much history you read in school
Years ago, I was referring to the fact that most soldiers in the early 20th century didn 't fire weapons at all
Even if they 're shooting, they 're aiming above the enemy 's head.
they did it on purpose
British Army, World War I
The brigadier general warns the soldiers with a stick and beats them, forcing them to shoot
Even in World War II, only about 15 to 20 percent of soldiers would pull the trigger in a shootout
The world is going to end but only 15% of the soldiers shoot
What did these teach you?
This thing let me know that the war will end sooner
If soldiers can fight with composure

So we adjust our approach for better training, better conditions
Wait until the outbreak of the Vietnam War to increase the firing rate to 85%
A hail of bullets, but the number of kills is still not high
Plus those who have successfully killed the enemy
Usually becomes abnormal after returning home
This situation has hardly changed since then until the introduction of the veil system
The veil system . . . is the ultimate military weapon
It can help you receive intelligence
Understand goals, directives and adapt easily
Easier to shoot when aiming at scary monsters

But it 's not just your vision that assists other senses
you can 't hear the scream
No smell of blood and stench
they are human
Do you know how much bad stuff they have in their genes?
higher chance of developing cancer
Muscular Dystrophy, Multiple Sclerosis, Stiff Man Syndrome, Low IQ
criminal, sexually perverted
They all have genetic screening results that clearly show
Do you want the next generation to be like this?
Don 't feel guilty for doing your duty
Villagers are reluctant
Hometown people are reluctant to do it
they don 't have a screen system
The veil system allows you to get hands-on

you. . .
is protecting the blood vessels

My friend, it 's a great honor
no honor at all
just kill
- cheat and kill - no one is lying to you
You know it, always know it
What nonsense are you talking about?
It is you who agreed to implant the mask system
Accept the arrangement, all soldiers do
Implants alone won 't give you a dream your brain will refuse
You have to accept it voluntarily
This is what you did




Have you read the terms and conditions?
Yes, it looks like the paper
- what is this? - Videos with your consent
is the picture you signed six months ago
Basically the terms state that you agree to turn on the masking system
- I didn 't do that - you have
act under hypnosis
no problem
and you agree to do so without your knowledge
into this hypnotic state
If you obey, you won 't remember this conversation
It 's kind of funny, man
turn off
- so you agree . . .
- turn it off, dude
I want to ask you to put a handprint, here?
yes please cover


awesome

i didn 't do it

- I don 't remember at all- as the man said

- I know you 're pissed - fuck you


- what happened? - I can control what you see, Streep
- I can 't see anything - because we are in control

give me back your eyes
Let me give you a few options
give me your eyes back, dude
I give you a few options
First, you agree to reset the mask system
Memories of the past few days including this conversation are all cleared
impossible

The second is to choose incarceration
- I suggest you think about it - Go your veil system is your friend
Without it, you 'll remember everything you 've done
I don 't need a shit masking system
I don 't want it anymore
All right

So. . .
Maybe you should see what life without a system looks like


what happened?

Where am I?
Three days ago, Hydeka 's ranch


I have records, Streep
lets you see everything you do






Do not. . .

please don 't shoot . . .



please don 't
no, stop
please
stop


Do not. . .



Do not






get off, stop

Do not
You will see, smell and feel everything
Is this what you want?
Locked in prison alone and played repeatedly?






we can make it all go away
Make this conversation disappear
all disappear
But you have to speak

Speak up, Streep
Then everything will disappear

speak up
( Welcome home)
