

 Lizzy ! Jane ! What do you think ?
 Mr Collins has made an offer of marriage to Charlotte Lucas !
 She 's accepted him ! Charlotte ?
 Engaged to Mr Collins ?
 Impossible !
 The fireplace in the great room at Rosings would be much larger than that .
 A fireplace of truly prodigious dimensions .
 But why should you be surprised , my dear Lizzy ?
 Do you think it incredible that Mr Collins could procure any woman 's good opinion , because he didn 't succeed with you ?
 Charlotte , I didn 't mean ...
 I surprised .
 Charlotte , if Mr Collins has been so fortunate as to secure your affections ,
 I 'm delighted for you both .
 I see what you are feeling .
 I 'm not romantic , you know .
 I never was .
 I ask only a comfortable home .
 And , considering Mr Collins ' character and situation in life ,
 I 'm convinced my chance of happiness with him is as fair as most who enter the marriage state .
 ( COLLlNS ) : My dear Charlotte !
 Cousin Elizabeth , you can see before you the happiest of men !
 Jane , it was such a humiliating spectacle !
 She knows she 's marrying one of the stupidest men in England .
 I never believed her capable of that .
 Lizzy , you do not make allowances for differences of situation and temper .
 Our cousin Mr Collins is not the cleverest of men , perhaps , but he is respectable .
 He is not vicious , and as far as fortune goes , it 's an eligible match .
 eligible !
 You wouldn 't think of marrying a man like that , simply to secure your own comfort .
 No , but Lizzy , not everyone is the same .
 Dear Jane !
 I doubt that you will have to make a choice between marrying for love and marrying for more material considerations .
 Though you may , perhaps ? ( THERE IS A KNOCK ON THE DOOR )
 This came just now from Netherfield , ma 'am . Thank you .
 It 's from Caroline Bingley .
 She writes ... .. that the whole party will have left Netherfield by now , for London .
 And without any intention of coming back again .

 ( MlSS BlNGLEY ) :






 Is it not clear enough ?
 Caroline Bingley believes her brother is indifferent to me , and she means to put me on my guard .
 Can there be any other opinion on the subject ?
 Yes , there can !
 Miss Bingley sees that her brother is in love with you , and she wants him to marry Miss Darcy .
 She hopes to keep him in town , and persuade you that he does not care about you .
 Indeed , Jane , you ought to believe me .
 No one who has seen you and Bingley together can doubt his affection .
 I cannot believe Caroline is capable of wilful deceit .
 All I can hope for is that she is deceived herself .
 Believe her to be deceived , by all means , but she can hardly convince a man so much in love that he 's in love with someone else instead !
 If Bingley is not back by your side and dining at Longbourn within two weeks ,
 I shall be very much surprised .
 I don 't envy Charlotte in the slightest !
 F ancy marrying a clergyman !
 He 'Il read from Fordyce 's sermons every night .
 Before they go to bed ! Look at that hideous cloth !
 It would do very well for Mary . Look !
 There 's Denny and Carter .
 And Wickham !
 I suppose you 'Il keep him all to yourself again ? Of course .
 She 's violently in love with him !
 For heaven 's sake , lower your voice .
 Good afternoon to you , Ladies ! How fortunate !
 We were going to Longbourn in search of you .
 We came into town in search of you !
 We hoped we would see you at the Netherfield ball .
 I was very sorry to lose the pleasure of dancing with you .
 But fate , it would seem ... No .
 With you I must be entirely open .
 I decided that it would be wrong for me to be there .
 I found that I had better not meet with Mr Darcy .
 Scenes might arise unpleasant to more than myself .
 I understand and admire your forbearance .
 Not that it would give me a moment 's concern to see Mr Darcy publicly set down , but in Mr Bingley 's house ...
 It would grieve me to see him embarrassed and discomfited .
 And through him , your sister .
 Yes .
 I hear Mr Collins is engaged to be married .
 Yes , to my good friend Charlotte Lucas .
 I had thought that his intentions tended in another direction .
 Perhaps they did , but they took a little turn , to everybody 's satisfaction .
 And relief .
 I hope that you will stay and take tea with us .
 I should like to introduce you to my mother and father .
 Thank you .
 Denny !
 Oh , young George Wickham is such a charming young man , is he not , my dear ?
 What ? Oh , indeed he is .
 It was very good of him to entertain us so eloquently with stories about his misfortunes .
 With such narratives to hand , who would read novels ?
 But I believe he has been treated contemptibly by Mr Darcy , father .
 I dare say he has .
 Though Darcy may be no more of a black- hearted villain than your average rich man , used to his own way .
 It behoves us all to take very careful thought before pronouncing an adverse judgement on any of our fellow men .
 Lord !
 I feel very sorry for poor Mr Wickham .
 And so becoming in his regimentals !
 I remember the time when I liked a red coat myself well enough .
 And I do still in my heart .
 And there 's no need to smile like that , Miss Lizzy !
 Though Mr Wickham has taken a fancy to you ,
 I 'm sure you 've done nothing to deserve it , after your dealings with Mr Collins !
 Well , it is all in vain , it will all come to nothing ! The poor young man !
 If only he had five or six thousand a year ,
 I ' d be happy to see him marry any of the girls !
 But nothing turns out the way it should .
 And now Mr Bingley , of whom we all had such expectations , is gone off forever !
 What ?
 I 've heard again from Caroline Bingley .
 It 's now definite that they will stay in town for the whole winter .
 I cannot believe it .
 It is true .
 Come now , Jane , take comfort .
 Next to being married , a girl likes to be crossed in love now and then .
 When is it your turn , Lizzy ?
 You can 't be long outdone by Jane , when here are officers enough in Meryton to disappoint all the young ladies in the country .
 Let Wickham be your man . He 's a pleasant fellow .
 He would jilt you creditably .
 Thank you , sir , but a less agreeable man would do . We must not all expect Jane 's good fortune .
 True , but it is a comfort to think ... that whatever of that kind may befall you , you have an affectionate mother who will always make the most of it .
 I don 't know what will become of us all , indeed I do not !
 And I cannot bear to think of Charlotte Lucas being mistress of this house !
 That I should be forced to make way for her , and see her take my place !
 My dear , don 't give way to such gloomy thoughts .
 Let us hope for better things .
 Let us flatter ourselves that I might outlive you .
 You mustn 't be anxious for me , Lizzy .
 He will be forgot , and we shall all be as we were before .
 But , I may remember him as ... .. the most amiable man of my acquaintance .
 That is all .
 I have nothing either to hope or fear ... .. and nothing to reproach him with .
 At least I have not had that pain .
 My dear Jane .
 You 're too good . Your sweetness and disinterestedness are truly angelic .
 - Don 't tease me , Lizzy . - Indeed I do tease you .
 There are few people whom I really love , and even fewer of whom I think well .
 The more I see of the world , the more I am dissatisfied with it .
 Jane , what if you were to go to town ?
 Aunt and Uncle Gardiner would gladly take you with them to Gracechurch Street after Christmas .
 Why would you have me go to London , Lizzy ?
 No reason .
 A change of scene and society ?
 Why are you so late ?
 I 'm sure I feared your coach had overset itself , or you had been attacked by robbers !
 Nonsense , we made good time . How do you do , F anny ?
 Very ill , Edward .
 No one knows what I suffer with my nerves .
 But then I never complain .
 That 's the best way , F anny . You 're very good .
 - Have you brought us some presents ?
 - I see you 've not changed , Lydia .
 - Why , have I not grown ? - Aye , in everything but good sense .
 Lizzy !
 Get yourselves in , get yourselves in , for you have barely time for a change of clothes !
 We are bidden to the Philips ' this evening .
 I have no desire to be going here and there at night .
 I should much rather sit at home and rest my poor nerves .
 # God rest ye merry gentlemen , Let nothing you dismay ,
 # Remember Christ our Saviour Was born on Christmas Day ,
 # To save us all from Satan 's pow 'r ... ( SONG CONTlNUES IN THE BACKGROUND )
 Aye , poor Jane .
 I would not have you think I blame poor Jane at all !
 Who could blame poor Jane for the matter ?
 She is the dearest girl in the world !
 I was telling our dear sister , Mrs Gardiner , she did her best .
 She would have got Bingley if she could .
 She did her best , and no one could do more .
 But , oh , sister , when I think about Lizzy !
 - It must be very hard , sister .
 - It very hard . She could have been Mr Collins ' wife by now !
 That would have given you such comfort !
 Oh , those Lucases are such artful people indeed .
 They are all for what they can get !
 However , your coming just at this time is the greatest of comforts .
 And we are very pleased to hear what you tell us about the latest fashions for long sleeves .
 May I present Mr Wickham to you , Aunt ?
 I understand you come from Derbyshire , Mr Wickham .
 Indeed I do , ma 'am .
 Do you know the country ?
 Very well .
 I spent some of the happiest years of my life at Lambton .
 Not five miles from where I grew up , at Pemberley !
 Pemberley !
 Surely it is the most handsome house in Derbyshire , and consequently in the world !
 I see you take my view of things , ma 'am .
 - Are you acquainted with the family ?
 - No .
 I had the good fortune to be the protégé of old Mr Darcy .
 He was the very best of men .
 I wish you ' d known him .
 And a four on yours , and I 'm out !
 Lord , I 've won again !
 Let 's have some dancing now . I long for a dance !
 Mary !
 Mary , play Grimstock .
 Capital ! Capital !
 - Fine girls , are they not , Mr Gardiner ?
 - Indeed they are , Sir William .
 - The two eldest in particular , perhaps ?
 - Indeed , indeed . They would grace the court of St. James itself !
 But let 's not forget the younger Miss Bennets !
 Aye , they have arms and legs enough between them , and are three of the silliest girls in England .
 When do you go into Kent ?
 We shall spend the wedding night at Lucas Lodge , and then travel to Hunsford on Friday .
 You will write to me , Lizzy ?
 I believe I am not likely to leave Kent for some time .
 I shall depend on hearing from you very often .
 That you certainly shall . My father and Maria are to come to me in March .
 Lizzy , will you promise to be one of the party ?
 Y ou will be as welcome as either of them .
 Then how could I refuse ?
 But I 'Il only come if you guarantee me a glimpse of the famous chimney piece at Rosings Park !
 That you could scarcely avoid , even if you wished to !
 ( MARlA ) : Charlotte ! Have you asked her ?
 Is she to come to Hunsford with us ?
 - Yes . - Good !
 I shan 't be half so frightened of Lady Catherine if you are with us , Lizzy !
 Who is that girl dancing with Mr Wickham ?
 Her name is Mary King .
 She 's come to stay with her uncle in Meryton .
 - She 's not very pretty , is she ?
 - Beauty is not the only virtue , Maria .
 She 's just inherited a fortune of 10, 000 pounds , I understand .
 Now that is a definite virtue !
 ( MOTHER ) : It is very hard . And I feel sorry for Lizzy , because she 's done little to deserve it .
 For Wickham to pursue Miss King all the way to Barnet , just for her 10, 000 pounds !
 ( LYDlA ) :
 ( KlTTY ) : I wish someone would die and leave me 10, 000 pounds .
 ( KlTTY ) : Then all the officers would love me !
 ( MOTHER ) : I 'm sure they would , Kitty dear . ( KlTTY ) :
 Did you think her pretty , mamma ?
 No indeed , she has nothing to any of you .
 ( LYDlA ) : A little short freckled thing ! Poor Wickham .
 How he must be suffering .
 ( JANE ) :








 Very strange indeed .

 Goodbye , Miss Bennet .







 Lizzy ! Come quick !
 Denny and Carter are here .
 And guess who else ?
 Wickham !
 I heard you were going into Kent .
 I felt I could not let you go without calling to see you once .
 I 'm very glad you did . I 've missed our conversations .
 I hear I am to congratulate you on your forthcoming betrothal to Miss King ?
 You must despise me .
 Indeed I do not !
 I understand , as my younger sisters are not yet able to , that handsome young men must have something to live on , as well as the plain ones .
 Miss Bennet ... .. I would wish you to believe me that ... had circumstances been different ...
 Had old Mr Darcy never had a son .
 Oh , yes .
 But life is full of these trials , as my sister Mary reminds us daily .
 I sincerely wish you every happiness in the world .
 - You are very forbearing .
 - I flatter myself I am !
 I think Jane would be quite proud of me .
 I hope you and I , at least , will always be good friends .
 I 'm sure we shall , Mr Wickham .
 ( FATHER ) :
 Well , Lizzy , on pleasure bent again .
 Never a thought of what your poor parents will suffer in your absence ?
 It is a pleasure I could well forego , father , as I think you know .
 But I shall be happy to see Charlotte .
 What of your cousin Mr Collins and the famous Lady Catherine de Bourgh ?
 As a connoisseur of human folly ,
 I thought you impatient to be savouring these delights .
 Of some delights , I believe , sir , a little goes a long way .
 Yes .
 Well , think of me , Lizzy .
 Until you or your sister Jane return ,
 I shall not hear two words of sense spoken together .
 You 'Il be very much missed , my dear .
 Very well , very well .
 Go along then . Get along with you .
 Aye , Maria .
 All that land to the left of us belongs to Rosings Park .
 All of it ?
 Oh , Lady Catherine must be very rich indeed !
 I believe so , I believe so !
 And she has many favours in her gift .
 Y our sister has made a fortunate alliance !
 ( SlR WlLLlAM ) :
 Yes , well , I believe the next turn takes us on to Hunsford .
 Sir William !
 Maria !
 Cousin Elizabeth .
 I am truly honoured to be able to welcome you to my humble abode !
 - My dear Sir ! - My dear Mr Collins !
 I am deeply honoured to make a humble welcome to the Parsonage ...

 - I am happy to see you , Elizabeth . - And I you .
 The staircase , I flatter myself , is eminently suitable for a clergyman in my position , being neither too shallow nor too steep .
 As serviceable a staircase as I 've ever seen , sir .
 At St. James ' Court ... Though it is nothing to the staircases you will see at Rosings .
 I say staircases , because there are several , and each in its way very fine .
 And here , if you would permit me , cousin Elizabeth .
 This will be your bedchamber , while you are with us .
 And I trust you will find it comfortable and convenient .
 - Indeed it is a very pleasant room . - Observe that closet , cousin Elizabeth .
 - What do you say to that ? - Well ...
 Is it not the very essence of practicality and convenience ?
 Lady Catherine de Bourgh herself was kind enough to suggest that these shelves be fitted .
 Shelves in the closet ...
 Happy thought indeed .
 She is kindness itself .
 Nothing is too small to be beneath her notice , is it not , my dear ?
 She is a very attentive neighbour .
 We dine at Rosings Park twice every week !
 And are never allowed to walk home .
 That is generosity itself , is it not , Maria ?
 Her ladyship 's carriage is regularly ordered for us .
 I should say one of her ladyship 's carriages , for she has several .
 And now , Sir William , you were kind enough to express a wish to see my gardens .
 Mr Collins tends the gardens himself , and spends a good part of every day in them .
 - The exercise must be beneficial . - Oh , yes .
 I encourage him to be in his garden as much as possible .
 And he has to walk to Rosings nearly every day .
 So often ?
 Is that necessary ?
 Perhaps not , but I confess I encourage him in that as well .
 - Walking is very beneficial exercise . - Oh , indeed it is .
 When he 's in the house , he is mostly in his book room , which affords a good view of the road , whenever Lady Catherine 's carriage should drive by .
 - And you prefer to sit in this parlour ? - Y es .
 So , it often happens that a whole day passes in which we haven 't spent more than a few minutes in each other 's company .
 I see .
 I find that I can bear the solitude very cheerfully .
 I find myself ... .. quite content with my situation , Lizzy .
 - ( COLLlNS ) : Charlotte , come quickly ! - ( CHARLOTTE ) :
 What is it ?
 ( MARlA ) : Lizzy ! Lizzy !
 Come into the dining room . There 's such a sight to be seen !
 Make haste !
 Look , Lizzy , look ! Is this all ?
 I expected the pigs had got into the garden !
 Here 's only Lady Catherine and her daughter .
 No , that 's old Mrs Jenkinson .
 With her is Miss Anne de Bourgh !
 She 's rude to keep Charlotte out in this wind !
 - What a little creature she is !
 - I like her appearance .
 She looks sickly and cross . Yes , she will do very well .
 She 'Il make him a proper wife .
 Who , Lizzy ?

 ( COLLlNS ) : Mark the windows . There are 64 in all .
 64 ! And I have it on good authority that the glazing alone originally cost in excess of 600 pounds !
 It 's a very handsome building , and prettily situated , sir .
 And by no means lacking in windows .
 Do not make yourself uneasy , my dear cousin , about your apparel .
 Lady Catherine is far from requiring that elegance of dress , which becomes herself and her daughter .
 She won 't think the worse of you for being simply dressed .
 She likes to preserve the distinction of rank .
 Thank you , Mr Collins , that is a great comfort .
 ( LADY CATHERlNE ) : An apothecary will serve your needs quite adequately .
 Make sure it be no one but Nicholson , Mrs Collins .
 I shall be extremely angry if I hear you have gone elsewhere .
 I have no intention to , Lady Catherine .
 No indeed . No intention at all .
 Well .
 Your friend appears to be quite a genteel pretty sort of girl , Mrs Collins .
 Her father 's estate is entailed on Mr Collins , I understand .
 Yes , ma 'am , and I am , believe me ...
 Do you have brothers and sisters , Miss Bennet ?
 Y es , ma 'am , I am the second of five sisters .
 Are any of your younger sisters out ?
 - Y es , ma 'am , all of them . - All ?
 What ? All five out at once ?
 The younger ones out before the older are married ?
 Your youngest sisters must be very young ?
 Yes , ma 'am , my youngest is not sixteen .
 Well !
 She is full young to be out much in company .
 But really , ma 'am , I think it would be hard upon younger sisters , that they not have their share of society and amusement , simply because their elder sisters have not the means or inclination to marry early .
 Sir William , wouldn 't you agree ?
 - Well ...
 - ( LADY CATHERlNE ) : Upon my word !
 You give your opinion very decidedly for so young a person !
 Pray , what is your age ?
 With three younger sisters grown up , your ladyship can hardly expect me to own it .
 Miss Bennet , you cannot be more than twenty , I am sure .
 Therefore there is no need to conceal your age !
 I am not one and twenty .
 Mrs Collins , did I tell you of Lady Metcalf 's calling on me yesterday to thank me for sending her Miss Pope ? " Lady Catherine , " said she ,
 " you have given me a treasure . " Yes !
 Yes .
 It is beautiful .
 I could grow almost as fond of these woods and hills as you have .
 Lizzy ?
 We have been here three weeks , and already we have dined at Rosings Park six times !
 I would never have expected it to be so many !
 No , nor I. ( COLLlNS ) :
 My dear !
 Maria ! Cousin Elizabeth !
 Mr Darcy is arrived at Rosings !
 And with him his cousin , Colonel Fitzwilliam !
 The younger son of the Earl of Matlock !
 They have vouchsafed us the greatest honour .
 They are coming to call upon us !
 - When , my dear ? - Even now , Mrs Collins !
 They 're hard upon my heels ! Make haste !
 This must be due to you .
 Mr Darcy wouldn 't come so soon to wait upon me .
 Y ou 're mistaken , for he dislikes me as much as I do him .
 Make haste ! Make haste !
 Delighted to make your acquaintance at last !
 At last , sir ?
 I 've heard much of you , and the praise hasn 't been exaggerated .
 I can well believe that . Mr Darcy is my severest critic .
 I hope we shall see you frequently at Rosings .
 - I 'm fond of lively conversation .
 - This you do not find at Rosings Park ?
 My aunt does talk a great deal , but seldom requires a response .
 My friend speaks hardly a word when he comes into Kent , though he 's lively in other places .
 Nobody plays , nobody sings .
 - I believe you play and sing ?
 - A little , and very ill . I wouldn 't wish to excite your anticipation .
 I 'm sure you 're too modest .
 Any relief would be profoundly welcome .
 Can you tell me why Mr Darcy keeps staring at me ?
 What do you think offends him ?
 - I hope your family is in good health . - I thank you , yes .
 My sister has been in town these three months . Have you not seen her ?
 No .
 No , I have not had that pleasure .
 Mr Darcy and I are not the best of friends .
 I 'm surprised .
 Why should you be ?
 I always believe in first impressions , and his good opinion once lost , is lost forever .
 So you see , it is a hopeless case , is it not , Colonel Fitzwilliam ?
 You will never play really well , Miss Bennet , unless you practise more .
 You may come to Rosings as often as you like , and play on the pianoforte in Mrs Jenkinson 's room .
 ( LADY CATHERlNE ) :
 She would be in nobody 's way in that part of the house .
 Thank you , ma 'am .
 There are few people in England ,
 I suppose , who have more true enjoyment in music than myself .
 ( LADY CATHERlNE ) : Or a better taste .
 And if I had ever learnt , I should be a true proficient .
 ( LADY CATHERlNE ) : And so would Anne .
 Do you mean to frighten me , Mr Darcy , by coming in all this state to hear me ?
 I won 't be alarmed . My courage always rises with every attempt to intimidate me .
 I know you find great enjoyment in professing opinions which are not your own .
 Your cousin would teach you not to believe a word I say , Colonel Fitzwilliam .
 - That is ungenerous of him , is it not ? - It is indeed , Darcy !
 Impolitic too , for it provokes me to retaliate and say somewhat of his behaviour in Hertfordshire , which may shock his relations .
 - I 'm not afraid of you .
 - What can you accuse him of ?
 I should like to know how he behaves among strangers !
 The first time I ever saw Mr Darcy was at a ball , where he danced only four dances , though gentlemen were scarce , and more than one lady was in want of a partner .
 - I 'm sorry , but so it was .
 - I can well believe it ! I fear I am ill qualified to recommend myself to strangers .
 Shall we ask him why ?
 Why a man of sense and education , who has lived in the world , should be ill qualified to recommend himself to strangers ?
 I ...
 I have not that talent which some possess , of conversing easily with strangers .
 I do not play this instrument so well as I should wish to , but I have supposed that to be my own fault , because I would not take the trouble of practising !
 You are perfectly right .
 You have employed your time much better .
 No one privileged of hearing you could think anything wanting .
 We neither of us perform to strangers .
 ( LADY CATHERlNE ) : What are you talking of ?
 What are you telling Miss Bennet ? I must have my share in the conversation !



 ( THE DOORBELL RlNGS )
 Mr Darcy .
 Mrs Collins and Maria are just now gone into Hunsford village with my cousin .
 You find me all alone this morning , Mr Darcy .
 I beg your pardon . I would not wish to intrude upon your privacy .
 I was just writing a letter to my sister Jane in London .

 Mr Bingley and his sisters were well , I hope , when you left London ?
 Perfectly so , I thank you .
 I understand Mr Bingley has not much idea for ever returning to Netherfield ?
 It is probable that he may spend little time there in the future .
 If so , it would be better for the neighbourhood that he give up the place .
 I should not be surprised if he were to give it up , as soon as any eligible purchase offers .
 This seems a very comfortable house .
 Lady Catherine , I believe , did much to it when Mr Collins came .
 I believe she did .
 And she couldn 't have bestowed her kindness on a more grateful recipient .
 Mr Collins appears extremely fortunate in his choice of wife .
 Yes , indeed he is .
 Though seen in a prudential light , it is a good match for her as well .
 It must be agreeable to her to live within easy distance of her family .
 Easy distance ? It 's nearly fifty miles !
 What is fifty miles of good road ? Yes , an easy distance .
 Near and far are relative terms .
 It is possible for a woman to be settled too near her family .
 Yes , exactly .
 You would not wish to be always near Longbourn , I think .
 I shall trespass on your time no longer .
 Please convey my regards to Mrs Collins and her sister .
 No , no , please don 't trouble yourself .
 - Miss Bennet !
 - Colonel Fitzwilliam .
 I 've been making the yearly tour of the Park .
 Shall we take this way together ? With pleasure .
 Do you know Mr Bingley and his sisters ? A little .
 Bingley is a pleasant , gentleman- like man .
 He 's a great friend of Darcy 's .
 Yes .
 Mr Darcy is uncommonly kind to Mr Bingley , and takes a prodigious deal of care of him .
 Yes , I believe Darcy does take care of him . I ...
 I understand that he congratulates himself on having saved Mr Bingley the inconvenience of a most imprudent marriage .
 Did Mr Darcy give his reasons for this interference ?
 I understand there were some very strong objections to the lady .
 And why was he to be the judge ?
 You 're disposed to think his interference officious ?
 I don 't see what right Mr Darcy had to determine and direct in what way his friend was to be happy .
 But , as you say , we know none of the particulars .
 - Perhaps there was not much affection .
 - Perhaps not .
 But if that were the case , it lessens the honour of my cousin 's triumph very sadly , don 't you think ?
 - Miss Bennet , are you unwell ? - A sudden headache .
 Perhaps I have walked too far today .
 Let us take the shorter way back .
 Y ou 're sure ?
 I would willingly stay at home with you , and brave all Lady Catherine 's displeasure .
 My dear Charlotte , I beg you to consider ...
 I shall be quite all right .
 It 's only a headache .
 It will pass , and more speedily in quiet and solitude .
 I am quite sure , when all the circumstances are explained to Lady Catherine , she will not be angry , for she has indeed such Christian generosity of spirit ...
 - My dear , the time !
 - My dear ! Why did you not say before ?
 I cannot begin to count the occasions on which her ladyship has impressed upon me the importance of punctuality ...
 ( DOORBELL RlNGS )
 Forgive me . I hope you are feeling better .
 I am , thank you .
 Will you not sit down ?
 In vain I have struggled . It will not do !
 My feelings will not be repressed .
 You must allow me to tell you how ardently I admire and love you .
 In declaring myself thus I 'm aware that I will be going expressly against the wishes of my family , my friends , and , I hardly need add , my own better judgement .
 The relative situation of our families makes any alliance between us a reprehensible connection .
 As a rational man I cannot but regard it as such myself , but it cannot be helped .
 Almost from the earliest moments , I have come to feel for you ... .. a passionate admiration and regard , which despite my struggles , has overcome every rational objection .
 I beg you , most fervently , to relieve my suffering and consent to be my wife .
 In such cases as these , I believe the established mode is to express a sense of obligation .
 But I cannot .
 I have never desired your good opinion , and you have certainly bestowed it most unwillingly .
 I 'm sorry to cause pain to anyone , but it was unconsciously done , and I hope will be of short duration .
 And this is all the reply I am to expect ?
 I might wonder why , with so little effort at civility , I am rejected .
 I might wonder why , with so evident a desire to offend me , you chose to tell me that you like me against your will , your reason , and even against your character !
 Was this not some excuse for incivility if I was uncivil ?
 I have every reason in the world to think ill of you .
 What could tempt me to accept the man who has ruined the happiness of a most beloved sister ?
 Can you deny that you have done it ?
 I have no wish to deny it .
 I did everything in my power to separate my friend from your sister , and I rejoice in my success .
 Towards him I have been kinder than towards myself .
 It 's not merely that on which my dislike of you is founded .
 Long before , my dislike was decided when I heard Mr Wickham 's story of your dealings with him .
 How can you defend yourself on that subject ?
 Such interest in that gentleman 's concerns !
 Who that knows of his misfortunes , can help feeling an interest ?
 His misfortunes ! Yes , his misfortunes have been great indeed !
 And of your infliction !
 You have reduced him to his present state of poverty , and yet you can treat his misfortunes with contempt and ridicule !
 And this is your opinion of me ?
 My faults by this calculation are heavy indeed .
 Perhaps these offences might have been overlooked , had not your pride been hurt by the confession of the scruples
 long prevented my forming serious design on you .
 Had I concealed my struggles and flattered you .
 But disguise of every sort is my abhorrence .
 Nor am I ashamed of the feelings I related . They were natural .
 Did you expect me to rejoice in the inferiority of your connections ?
 To congratulate myself on the hope of relations whose condition in life is so below my own ?
 You are mistaken , Mr Darcy .
 Your declaration merely spared me any concern for refusing you , had you been more gentleman- like .
 You could not make me the offer of your hand in any way that would tempt me to accept it .
 From the beginning , your manners convinced me of your arrogance , your conceit , and your selfish disdain for the feelings of others .
 Within a month , I felt you were the last man whom I could ever marry !
 You 've said quite enough , madam .
 I perfectly comprehend your feelings ... .. and now have only to be ashamed of what my own have been .
 Please forgive me for having taken up your time ... .. and accept my best wishes for your health and happiness .

