0 0 : 0 0 : 0 1 , 6 0 0 - - &gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 0 3 , 6 0 0 Direct the photon to a flat plate with double slits on it and observe any slit
it won 't go through those two slits
If it is not observed then it will anyway if it is observed before it leaves the plate and hits the target
it won 't go through those two slits
I agree with what you want to say
I didn 't mean to say anything
I just thought it would be nice for a t-shirt
excuse me
Wait a minute
Uh, fill in 'A egean' in the first line
Fill in 'Nabokov' in the eighth column and 'MCM' in the 26th row
Column 14 is . . . your finger is in the way . . .
It 's 'Phylum' so line 14 is 'Port-au-Prince' (Port-au-Prince), behold, the cue is the center of Papa D oc (the nickname of Haitian President François Duvalier) that It is ' Port - au - Prince ' ( Port au Prince )
in Haiti
- do you need any help? - yes
Uh . . . is this a high-IQ sperm bank?
If you still need to ask this question maybe you shouldn 't come
I think it 's here
- fill out this form - thank you
we 'll be fine soon
Take your time I 'm going to finish this crossword
oh wait
L eonard I don 't think I can do this
what are you kidding
you 're half an expert

No we will be involved in genetic fraud
We cannot guarantee that our sperm will produce highly intelligent offspring
think about it
My sister has the same genetics as me and now works as a waitress at F uddruckers (American fast food chain)
S heldon it 's your idea
For a little extra money we can fit split T-1 bandwidth in our apartment
I know I also expect faster download speeds
But if there was a poor woman who put her hope in my sperm
What to do with a child who doesn 't know whether to use differentiation or integration to calculate the area under the curve
I 'm sure she 'll still love him
I will not
what do you want
I want to leave okay
Is it alright to go like this?
I don 't know . . . I 've never had to go back on a sperm donation before . .
Let 's try it out
OK

goodbye
- goodbye - nice to meet you
Are you still mad about the sperm bank?
no
Do you want to hear a funny thing about stairs?
In no mood
If the height of the step has a deviation of two millimeters
Most people will trip over and I don 't care about that
Two cents . . sounds unlikely . .
Not really I did a series of experiments when I was 12
My dad also broke his collarbone
Is that why you were sent to boarding school?
Being sent to boarding school was the result of several experiments I did with a laser
new neighbors ?
obviously
An extremely significant improvement over its previous neighbours
You mean the 200 pound transvestite with leather problems?
Yeah she 's better than that
Hi
- hi- hi
- hi- hi
- Hi ?
we didn 't mean to disturb you
we live opposite
not bad
No uh we don 't 'live together' (referring to homosexuality)
I mean we live together but in different heterosexual rooms

oh well i guess i 'm your new neighbor my name is penny

- I 'm Leonard this is S heldon - Hi
- hi- hi- hi
- Hi

Well uh . . . um. . you 're welcome to this building
thanks
Maybe sometime we can have a coffee together
- good idea - very good
- very good
- goodbye then - goodbye
- Goodbye
- Should we invite her over for lunch - no
Didn 't we say it 's good to watch Battlestar Galactica season 2?
We 've already seen the DVD of the second season
But that version doesn 't explain
I think we should be nice neighbors to invite her over for dinner and make her feel welcome
We never invited Louise, who was neither male nor female, over
That . . . so we 're not doing it right
We need to expand our circle of friends
My circle of friends is already very wide
I have 2 1 2 friends on my Myspace (msn 's blog)
yes but you never saw any of them
That 's the beauty of it
I 'm going to invite her over
Let 's have a good meal together and chat
Chat? We never chat
At least never chatted outside the internet
That 's not difficult
You just have to listen to her and give a little answer
What 's the point of doing this?

- Hi
it 's me again - hi- hi- hi
- Hi
That.. uh.. we brought back some Indian food
Well. . .
It 's very tiring and I think food and the company of friends have a soothing effect when I 'm tired
And.. curry is a natural bowel promoting food I don 't necessarily have to tell you this you know clean bowels
One less thing to worry about
L eonard I 'm not an expert on this but I think inviting people to lunch is best skipping the part about bowel movements
Oh you want to invite me over for dinner?
um, yes. .
you are so nice
I 'd be very happy
So what kind of entertainment do you usually have?
Today we try to make money by masturbating
Honored by the Lingfeng Soft Film and Television Forum
Timeline: A lan Shu Translator: Phil Tanner

please feel free
Okay thank you
You 're welcome
This looks like some deep question
Did you do it Leonard ? Actually that was 'my' job
Wow
Yes, it 's just some quantum mechanics, and some string theory (quantum field theory) that is randomly written around
That part was just a joke
The 'Born-Oppenheimer approximation' (also known as the adiabatic approximation is a common method in quantum chemistry and condensed matter physics)
You are like a genius in 'Beautiful Mind'
Roughly the same
- Impressive - I have a board too
If you like the board this is mine
God
If 'God' meant those derivative retellings scribbled on the walls of any boys ' dorm room at MIT
Then of course it is

- what did you say - forget it
Who hasn 't seen the differential under the sentence 'I sit here sadly'
At least I don 't have to solve math problems
to invent the 26th dimension
- I didn 't invent it, it was there - in which universe
all that 's the point
uh . . . do you mind if I start eating
Uh . . . Penny . . . that 's 'my' seat
Then you sit next to me

no . . . i 'm going to sit there . . .
is there any difference
Again
In winter, the location is closer to the heater to keep you warm, but not so close that you will sweat. In summer, the location is at that window and that window.
on the ventilation channel created between
its angle towards the tv
not so positive that it interferes with the conversation
It 's not too slanted to distort the color of the image. I can go on and on, but I think you get what I mean.
do you want me to get out of the way
- That . . . - sit anywhere
All right
S heldon sit down !
so good
we don 't have people visiting often
Not to K oothrappali and Wolowitz
frequented - yes i know but
- yes I remember - I hate when you say we don 't get visited very often
- I 'm sorry - that 's kind of a socially negative innuendo
I said sorry
So . . . K lingon Scrabble ?

It 's very similar to normal Scrabble.. but in Klingon (the weird language of the alien warrior race in Star Trek)
Pretty much has been said about us
say something about you
Uh . . . about me? Okay
I 'm a Sagittarius, so you can probably understand my personality

Yes, it shows that you have mass culture paranoia right when you were born
Visible position of the sun
Some arbitrarily defined constellations are involved
Somehow it has an effect on your character
have what ?
I think what Sheldon meant to say was 'Sagittarius' is an unexpected answer

Well, many of my friends also think that I should be a fire sign
ok let me think what else
oh i 'm vegan
In addition to fish, occasionally eat steak
I love steak
really interesting
Leonard does not eat corn
So . . . uh . . . what are you doing?
Some I work as a waiter at Cheesecake Factory (a famous chain restaurant in America)

i like cheesecake
You can 't eat lactose so I don 't-- I just think it 's a good thing

And I 'm currently writing a screenplay for a movie
The content is about a sensual girl who travels from Lincoln, Nebraska to Los Angeles to become an actress but ends up in the
The story of being a waiter at Cheesecake Factory
Well this is based on your real life
No, I 'm from Omaha (a city in eastern Nebraska, USA)
I 'll watch it if it 's made into a movie
I know it
Well let me think what else uh . . . that 's about it
This is Penny 's story
sounds good
used to be
Until I fell in love with a jerk!
- what happened- ( i don 't know )
God, you know what I lived with him for four years
Four years -- as long as high school
It took you four years to finish high school ?
just... i can 't believe i trust him so much
what should i say
I think I should say something
you? no you will only make it worse
Do you know what the saddest thing is?
Even though I hate his deceit and infidelity
i still love him
crazy
Yes
Not crazy
It 's just . . . just a little bit contradictory
Paradox is part of nature
Think about light if viewed from the perspective of Huygens (Dutch physicist astronomer) light is a wave which has been proved by Young 's double slit experiment at this time
But later Einstein
He also discovered that light behaves like particles
I didn 't make it worse
I 'm sorry I 'm such a mess
The most important thing right now is that I just moved and I 'm tired and uncomfortable
And the stupid shower in my bathroom doesn 't work, ours does.

Really? Will it be inconvenient if I take a shower here?
- yes - no
- No? - No
Will not
right over the living room
thanks
You are so kind
It 's a really interesting development
How to say
It 's been a while since a woman undressed in our apartment
no
Remember the last Thanksgiving episode of my grandmother with Alzheimer 's?

Agree should be about the last time a woman stripped naked in our apartment and didn 't make us want to gouge our eyes out
It 's been a while
The worst part is watching her cut turkey
So now what is your exact purpose
what does this mean
That woman in the bathroom won 't have sex with you
I don 't want to sleep with her
That 's good so you won 't be disappointed
why do you think she won 't have sex with me
I am a man she is a woman
True but not of the same species
Okay, I don 't want to discuss this hypothetical topic
I just want to be a nice neighbor, of course
But that doesn 't mean I wouldn 't get involved if there was a chance to develop that kind of physical relationship.
Anyway, probably
Do you think it 's possible that she finds out that your Luke Skywalker ('Star Wars' Jedi Knight) Tearless Shampoo will help or hinder the development of your relationship?
It 's a Darth Vader shampoo (another 'Star Wars' Jedi)
Luke Skywalker 's conditioner
Look at this first
It 's amazing unbelievable
what to see
was Stephen Hawking 's MIT lecture in 1974 ('A Brief History of Time' by the most prominent physicist since Einstein)
Probably not now this is his voice becoming
The speech before the scary computer sound

very good
But you have to leave
- why- it 's just not very convenient now
Leonard has a lady visiting
Yeah that 's right -- your grandma 's back in town again?

no
She 's not a lady just our new neighbor
Wait, there 's really a woman here?
And then we gotta go because you want to fuck her
I didn 't want to have sex with her
So she can have sex with someone else? Can we just stop using the word 'sex'
Strictly speaking it is 'intercourse interruption'
hey is there some way to get the water out of the shower head
oh hi sorry
hello
nice to meet you ( french )
I 'm Howard Wolowitz Caltech Department of Applied Physics
You may be familiar with some of my research
It 's currently orbiting Jupiter 's largest moon to take high-resolution digital photos

I 'm P enny working at Cheesecake Factory
Come over and I 'll show you how to open a shower head

What . . I don 't get it?
it means 'have a nice bath' in french
It 's an emotion I can express in six languages
Save it for your blog Howard
Take a nice bath ( Chinese )
Okay so that 's it
sorry it got stuck
- thank you - you 're welcome
You just go right in. . . ok I 'm . . .
Hey Leonard . . .
Shampoo products are from Sheldon
All right
uh . . can i ask you to do me a favor
do me a favor ?
Of course you can ask me for help
i would like to help you
It 's okay if you don 't want to
I 'd be happy to help you
It 's not like asking someone for the first time

I think we really need to
Check the causal chain
Does it have to be Event A - - A Beautiful Woman
Naked in our bathroom Incident B - - We drove halfway across town from the aforementioned woman 's ex-boyfriend
Take the TV back and ask -- on what level
These two things are half plausible
- she begged me to do her a favor S heldon - ah yeah that 's probably the closest reason to our trip but we both know

It is distinct from the more advanced terminal causes
- What is it? - You think with your 'little brother'

This is biologically impossible
And you don 't have to come along, yes yes I can sit there and watch Wolowitz in Russian Arabic
And the Iranian speech bubble P enny
Why can 't she get the TV by herself?
Come on, you know what a breakup is all about
I don 't know . . . neither do you
i also broke up with joyce kim
you didn 't break up with joyce kim
She defected and went to North Korea to heal her wounds
Now it 's not that complicated
Between Penny and her ex over who owns the TV
some disputes
She just doesn 't want to fight with him
So we have to argue with him?
No S heldon there will be no quarrel
Now it 's a two-to-one situation
L eonard we both have difficulty lifting the TV
You and S heldon and Leonard
Do you work together in college?

uh . . . sorry
can you speak english
he speaks english he just doesn 't talk to women

really why?
He 's a bit socially awkward
Do you drink juice?


I am in charge of negotiation
Who
uh hello my name is Leonar this is S heldon
hello let me come . . . uh we 're here to help Penny get the tv

gone
good to bother
We can 't just forget about it
Leonard TV is in this building and we have been denied entry
So call it a day
Sorry if I give up the first time I get frustrated I 'll never be able to
After the Big Bang Theory was proposed
Find clues about string theory

I apologize
do you have any plans
It 's an honor to see you so focused on your work
Come on, we have a combined IQ of 3 6 0
We must be able to come up with
How can I get into this building

What do you think their combined IQ is?
Go and hold the door!
That 's it

I am in charge of negotiation
Good idea, I 'm responsible for deterrence by force

Who
I 'm Leonard, this is the two guys on the S heldon walkie-talkie

How the hell did you get in here uh . . . we 're scientists
tell him our IQ

L e o n a r d . . .
what
I 'm sorry my mom bought those pants for me

you have to call her
S heldon I 'm so sorry for dragging you into the water too
It 's okay, it 's not my first pair of pants
won 't be my last
You 're right about my motives, I want a relationship with Penny
Maybe one day it can develop into bed
You at least take 'my' pants off

No matter how you eat, you will grow wiser
I can 't get her, I decided to give up, I have to work hard and one day I will win the Nobel Prize
And then die alone
don 't think like that
you won 't die alone
thank you S heldon
you are my best friend
And there 's absolutely no way you can win a Nobel Prize
This is my favorite resting place to teleport back after completing the task (in 'World of Warcraft' game characters can use 'Hearthstone' to teleport back to the set resting place)
They have great home brewed ales
wow cool tiger
Well I got it when I got to level 10. Her name is 'Koukou'
Anyway, if you also have your own game characters
We can play together and do quests together
sounds interesting
So would you think about it? I think I will
been thinking about it

nice

we are back
oh my god what happened uh your ex-boyfriend said hello to you i guess the rest is self-explanatory

I 'm so sorry, I thought you stood up for me
He wouldn 't be such a jerk
No it 's a reasonable assumption
Is this a reasonable . . . ? what the hell is wrong with you
real. . .
Thank you so much for going
you guys are really nice
or you put on clothes
I 'm going to get my wallet tonight I 'm treating
really great thanks
You didn 't give up on her, did you?
Our little ones will be pretty and smart
Not to mention super imaginative

- Can P enny eat Thai food? - Of course
- we can 't eat thai food and ate Indian food for lunch - so what?
- They 're all cooked in curry - so what?
That would cause 'unbearable diarrhea' and I found we had to explain everything to this girl
Any suggestions Raj?
Turn left on Lake Street
Go straight to Colorado I know there is a very good Japanese restaurant there
can also sing
Seems like a lot of fun* baby baby don 't get me hooked* * baby baby don 't get me hooked . . . *
I don 't know what the odds are of you chasing her in terms of the whole world, but you 're a real heartthrob just compared to the people in this car
- = = h t t p : / / w w w . 1 0 0 0 f r . c o m = = -
