(Belarus, Minsk)

Tell me from the beginning what happened
We went to a great place in a bar, and then I was chatting with one of the waitresses and Karen was starting to lose her temper, so...
We had a big fight when we got back to the hotel.
She always loves sour and I say I 'm not 'vegetarian' a real man
not 'is' a real man
- what? - not 'prime', is 'is'
Oh
continue
And then . . . I don 't know what the fuse was but suddenly I had a knife in my hand . . . my dad is a butcher so I know the knives well
- He 'scrambles' how we cut our beasts into pieces - 'teachs'
- what? - 'teach' you how to chop
Yes, anyway, that 's how I 'played' later
- so 'do' - do this! I stabbed her with a knife!
I stabbed her repeatedly, and then I looked on the ground to see that she was 'killed' . . . 'already' . . .
'No' moved
God, I don 't know how this happened but it was an accident, I swear
You have to help me, Mr. Holmes!
Everyone says you are the best
If you don 't help me . . .
I 'll be 'dick' to death
Absolutely not, Mr Bewick
you will be 'hanged' to death
(New Century Holmes)
(great game)




What the hell are you doing? !
- Bored - what? !
- I am bored! - stop . . .
bored to death!
bored to death!
I don 't know what cases can be played recently
- Too bad I can 't be one of them - so you vent on the wall?
The wall 's lifespan is almost over.
How 's the Russian case going?
The Belarusian piece that clearly shows that a couple committed a crime after a quarrel doesn 't need me to intervene.
Oh, what a pity!
Are there restocks? i 'm hungry
oh mama . . .
has a head in it
- Severed head! - Pour me a cup of tea, thanks
- I said, there 's a head in the fridge - so what?
There 's a goddamn head!
Otherwise, where should it be placed? You don 't mind, right?
- I. . .
- Taken from the morgue at Barts Hospital
I 'm going to measure how long it takes for saliva to clot after a person dies
I see you start writing about the taxi driver case
uh . . . yeah
pink research
Thank you for thinking
Or else, pink lady, pink suitcase
Pink phone, all pink Do you like my work?
- uh . . . don 't like - why? i thought you would like
like? ! 'Sherlock sees through everything in an instant'
'But what 's incredible is that he 's very interested in some things'
- 'how ignorant' - wait, I don 't mean . . .
Oh, you mean 'how ignorant' as a compliment!
Listen, I don 't care - who 's prime minister or . . .
- I know who is hanging out with whom . . .
- or if the earth revolves around the sun - stop talking! that 's not important!
not heavy. . . ? !
How could you not know the elementary school students?
If I had known, I would have forgotten
forgotten?
Listen, my brain is a hard drive that only holds useful knowledge
Real practical knowledge only makes sense when it comes in
Ordinary people always have a bunch of garbage in their heads
So when something important happens, you don 't have a clue, you know?
Just talking about the solar system!
Oh please! What 's the point of this? !
We orbit the sun and it 's fine if we orbit the moon or repeat the garden like a teddy bear!
The most important thing for me is work! Without work, my brain will rust
Write these on your blog now!
Or stop feeding your personal opinion on the world

- Where are you going? - go out! I 'm going to breathe
Oh, sorry, dear!
Ouch! Are you two arguing?
Oh, it 's a little cold outside
He should wear more clothes
Look, Mrs. Hudson
silent
calm
peace
Don 't you find it annoying?
Oh, there must be a Sherlock with a case
A big case can cheer you up
Well, I can 't wait
hey what did you do to my wall? !
I put the repairs in your rent boy!



- early- oh . . . early
I just said you should sleep on the air bed
It 's okay, it 's okay, I slept well
thank you for letting me spend the night
Maybe next time I 'll let you sleep at the foot of my bed
When I found it, it had slowly collapsed. . . What about the next time?
18 months ago, experts found
Excited at the discovery of Century Art, no one . . .
- Do you want some breakfast? - OK
Yeah, you gotta get it and eat it, I gotta take a shower
Sold for over £20 million
Artifact expected to sell for higher price returns to headlines
Massive bombing in central London
No casualties have been reported so far and the police can 't be sure
Is the case related to a terrorist attack?
Sarah!
The police are now on urgent notice . . . - Sarah! . . . Sorry to friends and family! I have to go!

sorry, borrowed, sorry, borrowed
I am a resident
Sherlock!
Sherlock!
John
I saw the news, how are you?
I? What? oh it 's ok
Apparently a gas leak
- I refuse - refuse?
I 've been dealing with a big case lately and I don 't have time to deal with you
Don 't worry about your little cases, mine is at the national security level
How is the weight loss?
very smooth
It 's up to you to persuade him, John
- what? - I 'm afraid my brother
Just insist on not giving in. If you are in such a hurry, why don 't you investigate it yourself?
no i can 't
Been away from work too long to ignore the Korean election . . .
Anyway, that 's not a detail you should know either, is it?
Plus, this case requires you to... run away from time to time.

How is Sarah doing, John? Is the air bed still comfortable?
It 's the couch, Sherlock, he 's the couch
- Oh, of course - how could you... ? Oh, forget it
Sherlock 's job seems to be booming since you two became partners
How is his roommate?
- It 's gotta be hard, I think- I 'm always running out
Good, that 's good, isn 't it?
Andrew West, friends call him Serena, he 's a civil servant
His body was found on the tracks at Battersea Station this morning, stabbed to the head
Did he commit suicide by jumping off the rails?
This inference is reasonable
- but? - but?
After all, you 're not here because of an accident, are you?
Ah!
The Department of Defense is currently developing a new missile defense system called Project Bruce Pattington
The details of the plan are stored on the memory card
not being cautious
- more than one copy - oh
But it 's classified
and gone
Top secret?
Yes, we think West stole the memory card
We must not allow memory cards to fall into enemy hands
You gotta find the memory card, Sherlock
- Don 't make me order you - I 'd rather see how you 'll move me
think about it
- goodbye, john- uh
we will meet again soon


Why are you lying?

you have nothing to do
Not half the case, no wonder the wall becomes your punching bag
Why are you lying to your brother that you are busy?
this is my freedom
Oh
I understand
Brothers, the sense of competition is at work, now I finally understand

I am Sherlock Holmes
Of course, how could I refuse?
Leschu called, he told me to come over
Will you come?
- if you insist - of course
My blogger is not here but I will get lost
You like strange cases, right?
- Surprise case - Of course
- You 're gonna love this one, it 's a bombing - gas leak?

- No- No?
- That 's just a disguise - what?
The scene was almost blown up except for a safe
The cabinet is sturdy, and it holds this stuff in it
- You haven 't taken it apart yet? - It says it 's for you, doesn 't it?
We scanned the inside with an X-ray machine, no tricks
so sweet
Letter paper is exquisite
bohemian paper
What?
Does paper from the Czech Republic have no fingerprints?
right
She is writing in a fountain pen. It 's a top nib from Parkerdorf.
- Is it a woman? - Of course
Really

That . . . that 's the phone, the pink phone
The one in 'Pink Research'?
Certainly not the one in the case it should look like . . .
Pink Research Have you read his blog?
Of course, we 've all seen it
You don 't really know that the earth revolves around the sun, right?

This phone is different it 's brand new
Someone goes to great lengths to make the two look the same which means your blog has a large readership
you have a new message


- that 's it? - No, it 's not over yet

How are we to interpret this picture?
What do you mean by pictures of rental apartments and the bells ringing in Greenwich?
- this is a warning - a warning?
Some mysterious groups used to make five seeds from things like dried melon seeds and orange seeds
He 's warning us that something will happen
- I 've seen this place - wait a minute
- What will happen again? - explode!
Mrs Hudson?
You 've seen this room, right Sherlock?
- On your first visit to the apartment - this door has the nearest
- Signs of being opened - Impossible, this is the only key
I can 't get a house hunter interested in this one
It should be related to the humidity, the basement will be like this
When I was newly married, the whole wall was moldy.

Oh my God
have a pair of shoes
Don 't forget he 's a bomber

(secret number)
Hello

you, hello . . . handsome
Who are you?
I just... sent you... a puzzle
as a greeting
who is it? why are you crying?

I . . . I didn 't cry
i 'm typing
And this . . . stupid woman is responsible for reading it out
A good show is coming
- what? - fine
- No, what did that just mean? - This is the case I 've been waiting for so long
I 'll give you 1 2 hours to unpack . . .
My puzzle, Sherlock . . .
Otherwise I will... .
become . . . very bad
- So, who do you think is calling? - Um?
The woman who called the woman who cried
Oh, her business doesn 't matter, she 's just a hostage, no clue
please i 'm not asking you for clues
you can 't help her
Do the police have counter-detection? About that call
＃ N A M E ？
- get me the phone - where is it?
in my coat
Take it easy!
Your brother texts you
- delete it - delete?
Missile program has flowed out, we have nothing to do
(Reply: How did Bruce Pattington plan the Andrew West case? - McKulough)
But Mycroft thinks it 's possible. He sent you eight text messages.
must be urgent
So why didn 't he just cancel the trip to the dentist?
what to see?
Mykolov has to send text messages
Listen, Andrew West 's missile-stealing program was meant to be resold, but got smashed in the head.
The only puzzling thing is why my brother insists on bothering me with this, when there are other more interesting cases that I can investigate.
Don 't forget that a woman might die right now
Why? There 's a lot of dying patients in the hospital, doctor
Why don 't you go to their bed and shed tears to see how it 's good for them?
what!
- Is it going well? - Oh, of course!
- Oh, sorry, I didn 't know . . .
- Jim, hi! come in! come in!
- Jim, this is Sherlock Holmes - ah
- And this is, uh. . . sorry- hello John Watson

hi so you are sherlock holmes
Jasmine often talks to me about you Are you working on a case?
Jim works in the information department upstairs
That 's how we met an office romance
Volunteer
- Sorry, what did you say? - nothing, i mean, hi
Hi
sorry, sorry
Well, I 'll go first
see you at the cinema
- see you at six - ok
- break- break
Nice to meet you
Me too

How do you say he 's gay? We are dating!
This relationship must be sweet, Jasmine
You are 1.3 kg fatter than the last time we met
- is 1 kg - no, it is 1.3 kg
- Sherlock - he 's not gay!
- Why do you have to wreak havoc? He is not! - Dressed like that, isn 't it?
Just because he uses hair products? I will use it too
It makes a difference if you only use it to wash your hair
He has tattooed eyelashes and there is obvious wrinkle cream on the wrinkles. At first glance, he looks like a nightclub
- And his panties - panties?
The big thorn is very conspicuous above the waist, and it is a specific brand
The other more conclusive evidence is that he just put the phone under the plate
I advise you to break up with him now so that you don 't have too many dreams
Great, you did a great job!
I 'm just saving her some time. I 'm fine, right?
very good? Not Sherlock, that would be cruel
This time it 's you
What?
You know I love analysis, this time it 's your turn
- oh . . . i don 't want - hurry up
I don 't want to stand here and let you while I try to analyze
- Take the opportunity to humiliate me . . . - I want objective bystander opinion
- Works well for my analysis - well, well!
real!
All right
uh, it 's a pair of shoes, a pair of sneakers is fine

Um. . .
The shoes are in good condition like new
But the sole wears badly, so the owner must have worn it for a while
uh, very 80s design maybe retro design
You 're doing well, what else?
The shoes are full size, should be men 's shoes
but. . .
Use a pen to leave your name in the shoe
Adults don 't write names in shoes so this shoe is for kids
Good, what else?
Well. . .
- no more - all right
- how did i behave - fine, john
great performance
Although you missed almost all the important parts, you did your best . . .
The owner loves these shoes and try to brush them clean
When the color changed, I tried to bleach it three times in total. . .
No, it 's the four times the shoelaces are on. He still has marks on the skin of his fingers when he wears his shoes. He has eczema.
This pair of shoes is very worn and the inner side is obviously a sign that the main arch of the shoe does not have strong grip
Made in England, 20 years ago
- 20 years? - This is not a retro design, but an original design
Limited edition, two blue stripes, 1989
There 's still mud on it, but it 's still new
someone did it on purpose
The sole has some sludge cakes
I judged from this layer of London sludge that he was from Sussex
How would you know?
Judging by the pollen, they are as accurate as a map from the south of the river
So the shoe owner came to London from Sussex 20 years ago
- Leave the shoes here - what happened to him?
unfortunate incident
He cherishes these shoes and never lets them get dirty
He won 't lose his shoes if he has to
So, kids with big shoe sizes . . .
Oh!
What 's wrong?
karpoworth
- What, who? - Karl Poworth, John
Who is he?
people from my childhood memories
In 1989, a child with superb swimming skills came from Brixton for a sports championship and drowned in the pool
Unfortunate accident, but you must not remember
- Can 't remember? - but you remember
- yes - what 's suspicious?
no one thinks so
Except me
I was just a kid at the time and I saw this in the newspaper
- Are you curious at such a young age? - That boy, Karl Poworth
Had a seizure in the pool with some sort of illness but it was too late by the time adults dragged him out of the pool
There 's something strange about it so I can 't forget it
- it? - his shoes
- What happened to his shoes? - The shoes are not at the pool so I made a commotion
Trying to get the police 's attention but no one thinks it 's a big deal if the shoes are missing
He keeps all his clothes in the closet but just can 't find the shoes
It didn 't appear until now


Do you need help?
i want to help
only five hours left
(Is the investigation progressing? - Mycroft) It 's your brother
He 's texting me now
- How does he know my number? - Must have a nerve pump at the dentist.
- Listen, he said it was a national security-level case - Hmm!
- How strange! - what?
You, the Queen, and this country are
- You can 't leave the case. - I didn 't.
I 'll send my best men to meet
Is it, that 's great!
Who are your staff?
John, see you again! Hope it doesn 't take too much time, okay?
thanks
Well, I 'm here to... .
Your brother sent me to find out some details about that theft case, the missile program case.
- Yes? - right
He 's investigating now uh, I mean . . . out there.
Well, I want to know about the dead man
27 years old, he works at Waxaw Crossing
is an intelligence officer
He played a minor role in the Bruce Pattington project
There is no abnormality in the security check and there is no connection with terrorists
The last time the fiancée saw him was last night at 10:30
Lucy, I have to go out
have to meet someone
Serena!
Then he died in Battersea so he took the train?
- there is nothing?
He has a subway card . . . - but he didn 't use it that day - then he must have bought a ticket

- Well, there 's no ticket stub to be found on the body either - so...
So why was he slapped to the head next to the tracks at Battersea Station?
That 's the problem. I was expecting Sherlock to solve the puzzle.
What is his progress?
very good
And the investigation was very... very smooth
He . . is fully engaged in his work

- It 's poison! - what are you busy with?
is botox
This is one of the deadliest poisons in the world
karpoworth
You mean he was killed?
- Remember shoelaces? - Um
He has eczema to take poison
Mixing it in his medicine couldn 't be easier
It took him two hours to come to London for the poison to start, paralyze his muscles and cause him to drown
Why doesn 't the autopsy report mention this at all?
No one will find out who would have thought it was poison to kill
He smeared ointment on his feet so he could find traces of traces on the inside of the shoe
- No wonder the shoes are missing - so how do we inform the bomber?
Get his attention, stop the timer
Murderer hid shoes for years
That 's right
- means . . . - the killer is the bomber


you, well done
come save me
where are you?
tell us where you are

she lives in cornwall
Two masked thugs broke into her home and forced her to drive to the parking lot, loaded her with bombs and planned to blow up the house
he told her to call you
He 's calling from a pager
If she misses a word, the gangster will detonate the bomb on her
- If you don 't solve the case - oh . . . that 's wonderful
wonderful?
Why did he do this? Who would do such a thing?
Oh . . . I 'm not the only one who gets bored easily
you have a new message

knocked four times
Passed the first pass
Now it 's the second level
This is an abandoned car, do you see it?
I 'll see if there 's any notification
geek, your phone
Hey?
It 's okay if you go to the police
Who are you?
Is that you again?
but don 't count on them
You are very smart
Guess Karl Poworth
I 've always hated him
Carl loves to make fun of me so I told him to shut up
You 've taken another hostage, right?
This is a duel between me and you
Who are you? Why is it so noisy?
It 's the hustle and bustle of the city, Sherlock
Don 't worry, I 'll be quiet soon
You solved the first puzzle in 9 hours
This time you only have 8 hours
Got it!
we found
The car was rented by a banker, Ian Monkford, yesterday morning.
City man, he pays in cash
He told his wife he was going on a business trip but he never got there
- you 're still fooling around with him - yeah . . .
- It 's called opposites attract - we 're not . . .
You have to develop some hobbies like stamp collecting, play with model cars, be safe

Let me just tell you it 's Monkford 's blood, DNA tested.
- no body - not found
send the blood sample to the lab
Oh!
Mrs. Monkford . . .
I 'm sorry, I 've spoken to both officers
We are not the police, I am . . .
sherlock holmes your husband 's old friend
We, uh . . . are childhood playmates
sorry, are you?
I never heard him mention you
Oh, he must have mentioned it. Really...
It 's so scary it 's unbelievable
I just met him the other day
Ian is still indifferent to the world
Sorry . . . my husband has been depressed for months, who are you?
It 's weird that he 's renting a car
Why would he do this? Very suspicious, right?
Nope, he forgot to declare the tax on the car and that 's all
what! It 's Ian
- That 's what Ian was like when he was alive. - He 's not that kind of person.
isn 't it? interesting
- who 's that person? - Why did you lie to her?
People don 't talk easily unless they want to refute
She speaks in the past tense, notice?
- Sorry, what did you say? - I just used the past tense
Talking about her husband, she 's hooked, but the body hasn 't been found
- The police just found the car - are you saying she killed her husband?
Impossible, the murderer wouldn 't have made such an obvious mistake
- I get it, no, I don 't understand what does that mean? - fishing


- Try fishing and see - where are you going now?
Janus car rental
Business card just found in the small cabinet in the car

I don 't know how I can help you
Mr. Monkford rented a car from you yesterday.
Yes, it 's a good car, Mazda RX 8 I want to drive one myself
Is that the one?
No, those are Jaguar
You must know nothing about cars, right?
You can buy a Mazda yourself, right?
yes, almost you know
like working in a candy store
Can 't stop after one bite of licorice gummies
- You don 't know Mr. Monkford - yes, he 's just a client
He came in yesterday and rented a car with me
I have absolutely no idea what 's wrong with him poor fellow!
- Did you enjoy your vacation, Mr. Ywart? - what?
- You just finished your vacation, right? - Oh no, it 's just a little sunbathing
I 've never had time to go on vacation thinking that my wife would like my energy
Do you have any change on you for me to buy a pack of cigarettes? What?
I saw a vending machine before I came in but I had no change, I was addicted to smoking again
Um. . . oh!
I don 't have change, sorry
Oh alright! Thank you for your cooperation Mr. Ivort
You 've done us a great job. Let 's go, John.
I have change, if you want it . . .
I have a nicotine patch, remember? I 'm doing well
- What was that just now? - I just want to see his wallet
- why? - Mr. Ywart is lying


Hi
The clue is in the name of Janus Car Rental
Why are you giving me the clue?
Why would anyone do bad things?
because i 'm bored
We are destined opponents, Sherlock
- then speak in your own voice - don 't worry

How much blood do you think is left on the seat?
How many? Probably a pint
Not probably, it 's only a pint and it 's their first blunder
The blood was definitely Ian Monkford 's but it was frozen
- Frozen? - There are obvious signs
I think Ian Monkford himself offered a pint of blood - they spilled that blood on the seats - who did that?
Janus Car Rental, the clue is in the name
- The two-faced god Janus? - Exactly
They offer a very special service
If you have some difficulties like financial difficulties and unhappy marriage, no matter what the Janus car rental agency will help you to fly away
Ian Monkford is exhausted by something I 'm guessing financial difficulties because he 's working in a bank and can 't get out of the mess
But if he 's going to disappear if the car he rents is found with his blood all over the seat . . .
- Where is he now? - Colombia
- Colombia? ! - Mr. Ywart from the rental car has 20,000 pesos in his wallet
also some change
He said he hadn 't been out of the country recently but when I asked about the car I could clearly see he had a tan
No one sunbathes in a shirt
- And his arm - his arm?
He 's been scratching his arm, obviously he can 't bear the tickling, and he 's bleeding
Why? because he was recently vaccinated
It should be the hepatitis B vaccine that can 't be seen from that distance.
In conclusion, he went to Columbia to help Ian Monkford build a new life.
Mrs. Monkford took the life insurance claim and split it with Janus Car Rental
- Mrs. Monkford? - Oh, of course, she has a share too
Go arrest them now, Inspector, this is the best you can do
We gotta tell the good bomber that we solved the puzzle
I am getting more and more excited!

He said. . .
you can come pick me up
help me!
Help me, please!
Are you full?
Seriously, we haven 't had a break since we started investigating this.
- don 't you think . . .
- maybe
No, don 't you think the bomber is just trying to fight you?
That envelope broke into another apartment and the sneakers of the dead kid are all for you
yes i know
Did he do it? Moriarty?
maybe

- It 's like looking for a passerby - maybe
Lucky for you, I 'm no different from the unemployed
- What 's the meaning? - you 're lucky
Mrs Hudson and I are very fond of watching TV
Thank you, Tyra! She 's so beautiful, don 't you think?

Anyway . . . speaking of silk bags . . .
- Hey? - The hostages this time . . .
a little . . . flaw
Feel sorry
she is blind
This time the puzzle is . . . trickier
I will give you. . .
1 2 hours to resolve
Why are you doing this?
I like . . . watching you . . . jumping

I can see you 're back to your old bad habits
Then came the news of the sudden death of well-known TV host Connie Price
Ms. Price famous for her big makeover show two days ago
Found dead at home by brother in Hampshire . . .
Connie Price, 54, she hosts the big makeover show on TV
- Have you seen? - no
- she 's popular and has a successful career - stop there
died two days ago
According to her employee Roldi Santo, she was cut by a rusty nail in the garden
The wound is very serious after the tetanus bacteria enter the blood vessels
just say goodbye
should be
There must be something mysterious about this photo?

It can 't be that simple or the bomber wouldn 't have directed our attention to this case
There must be some mystery
- John? - Um
The wound on her hand is deep and must be bleeding a lot, right?
- Yes - but the wound is clean
very clean and new
How long did it take for the bacteria to spread in her body?
uh, 8 to 10 days
Cuts are inflicted after death
- After her death? - Probably
The question is, how does the tetanus bacterium get into the body of a dead person?
- You want to help, right? - Of course
I want Connie Price 's background kinship, check them all

One more thing we didn 't expect
- Have it? - Yeah, why would the bomber do this?
If her death is suspicious, why emphasize it?
- He 's a good guy - who would make someone a suicide bomber?
- He 's the bad guy - I . . . I 'm serious, Sherlock
Listen, I gave you the freedom to investigate, trust you but right now there 's a poor guy out there with a plastic bomb on his body waiting for you to solve the mystery, so tell me  …
What exactly are we facing?
different from the past

association, association, association must have something to do
Karl Poworth, killed 20 years ago
The bomber knew him and admitted to knowing him
The bomber 's phone was sent from the Czech Republic in an envelope
The first hostage is in Cornwall, the second is in London, and the third is in London. She sounds Yorkshire by her accent.
What does he want? Traveling all over the world just to show off?

(secret number)
You enjoy solving puzzles, right?
find out . . . the connections
you have 3 hours left

touch . . . touch




We 're torn apart, right?
Do you need something to drink, sir?
uh no, thanks
Rolle helped me a lot or I don 't know what to do with it
we fight a lot . . . but i still love my sister
The audience, uh, also liked him Mr. Price
oh, she 's likable
I 've seen her transform an ordinary looking girl into a princess
Maybe a consolation after all she has benefited so many people
Of course
Great
thank you, i appreciate it
What a pity, I like her so much
She will teach you how to match colors
- colour? - It is the color matching of the clothes
like i shouldn 't wear bright red
- Too fancy. - Who called?
- Ministry of the Interior - Ministry of the Interior?
Yes, it 's the Home Secretary who owes me a favor.
She 's a pretty lady, but she 's had plastic surgery
Now people are like this, and their faces are frozen in the end.
Stupid, isn 't it?
- Have you watched her show? - now watching
You 're not looking very well, dear
Ah, every day it rains is better than...
That 's her brother, a very cold person
- If you believe what the newspaper says - so I 'm gathering intelligence
I chatted a lot with fans of this show
- Fan sites love gossip - there 's only one thing we can do with this dress, can 't we, girls?
Take it off, take it off, take it off, take it off!
Yes, the cause of death is simpler than people think
Bacillus vulgaris in the soil, people getting mowed by moldy rose bushes, garden rakes, etc. If not immediately . . . deal with . . .
- I don 't know what I 'm going to do next- oh
I mean, she left me this house . . . that 's fine . . . but it wouldn 't be the same without her so . . .
I hope my coverage will be . . . true to your situation
Are you sure you 're all right?
- it 's alright - ok
just ask


John
hey listen, coming here soon i think i have a clue
You have to prepare something first. Do you have a pen?
I know

- He 's here - what?
- Ah, Mr. Price, huh? - right
- nice to meet you - thank you
- I 'm sorry for your . . .
- thank you, you are so kind
So let 's get started . . ?
You 're right, the bacteria got into her from somewhere else
- Oh, is it? - right
- Okay, are you ready? - Uh, alright, let 's get started. . . ?
uh, so close, i just cried
oh, who is this?
Sekme, the name of an Egyptian goddess
That 's a nice name, is it Connie 's cat?
Yes, from a fan
Sherlock, how are the lights?
Oh uh . . .

- Please, what are you doing? - Feel sorry
You are like silent film actors! What the hell are you doing?
I think we 're done, bye
- what? - Sherlock

- what? - We 're going to the deadline
But you haven 't asked anything yet!
Great! Great
You don 't think so if the cat has a problem
What? Yeah, that 's right

It must be, that 's how he infects her with germs
- The cat 's paws smell of disinfectant - great reasoning
He smeared bacteria on cat paws
That 's a new cat. It must be unstable.
Inevitably she will be scratched and she will not . . .
I thought about that too when I saw the scratches on her arm, but it was too casual and too high for her brother
He killed his sister for money
- Yes? - isn 't it?
No, it 's all about revenge
- Report . . . ? Who wants revenge? - Rolle, the servant
Kenny Price is the laughing stock of his sister 's show every week
It 's just public bullying. Finally he 's had enough and has a big fight with her.
It 's written on the fan site
She threatened Kenny not to get a cent of the fortune Roll was used to - this way of life . . .
- Etc., etc!

Wait a minute, what about the disinfectant on the cat 's paw?
Rolle keeps the house clean. You pass the kitchen.
Look at the floor, he brushed it very clean
You all smell a bit of disinfectant, that 's nothing to do with cats
It should have something to do with Rolle 's web log. I really hope there 's a taxi here.

Roldi Santo is the murderer you 're looking for
He 's Kenny Price 's servant
Second autopsy report says it wasn 't tetanus that killed Connie, but botulinum toxin
This cause of death is familiar to us. We saw it in the Karpoworth case, tsk.
- The bomber uses the same technique - how did he do it?
- When giving Botox - Botox?
That 's diluted Botox
In addition, Roldi Santo was hired to give Connie 's face regular Botox
My acquaintance in the Home Office gave me the full record of online shopping at Rolle
He 's been buying a lot of Botox over the last few months
He waited for an opportunity to increase the dose to lethal levels
- Are you sure? - I confirm
ok come to my office
- Hey, Sherlock, how long has it been? - what?
- How long have you known the answer? - This time the puzzle is simple
Like I said the bomber used the same technique and it was his fault
But Sherlock, the hostage, the old lady, she 's been waiting all this time
I know I saved her and the bomber gave us 12 hours
I 'll have the case resolved soon so I have time to investigate other things
Don 't you understand? We now have the upper hand

Hey?
help me!
tell us where you are
- address is? - He is very. . .
his voice . . .
No, don 't say anything else! don 't tell me about him
he sounds so gentle

Hey?
Sherlock?
What 's wrong?

the bombing
12 people were killed when several floors were blown up . . .
- Old apartment - detonated due to defective gas pipe
A public utility spokesman said . . .
- He must have gotten the news. - Yeah, I lost this time.
Although in detail, I did solve the mystery.
He killed the old lady because she started recounting his idiosyncrasies
That 's the first time he kissed the line of fire
What 's the meaning?
That 's . . . he 's basically relegated to the background
In charge of planning the whole thing but no one has direct access to him
So Connie Price 's case was also planned by him?
People came to him for advice on criminal plans, like booking vacation time?
very creative
Really

He slowed down this time

What did the Carl Boworth case reveal?
no
All classmates are innocent and have nothing to do with the case
- Maybe the killer is older than Carl? - I think so too
So why would he do this?
Why should I fight with you? Do you think he wants to be arrested too?
- I think he just wanted to pass the time - oh . . .
I wish you both happiness
- Sorry, what did you say? - There are many lives at stake, Sherlock
A living person! as far as I know
- Have you ever cared about them? - Will caring save them?
can not
Then I 'll avoid making that mistake next time
- You have no guilt, do you? - Yes, that 's right
- Did you meet me on the first day? - no, no
I upset you
good you did good reasoning
Don 't think of me as a hero, John
Heroes don 't exist at all, if they do, it doesn 't matter to me
marvelous
Pictures of the River Thames
On the south bank between Sasak Bridge and Huatillo
You look for the newspaper, I check the Internet
Oh, you 're angry so you won 't help me
People who are full of concern are now very indifferent

- Arch bridge suicide case . . .
- no reference value
Two children stabbed in Stoke Newington
Ah, the Andrew West who died on the rails the other day
never mind!

It 's me, you 're on the south bank of the Thames between Huatielu and Sasak Bridge
Did you find anything?

Do you think this case has anything to do with the bomber?
There must be, but it 's strange that he hasn 't contacted me yet
So suppose there 's a poor guy with a bomb on him now?
That 's right
- Have a clue? - Currently, there are 7 points
7 o 'clock?
He 's been dead for about a day
Maybe longer, did he drown?
Apparently not, he suffocated without the river water in his lungs
hmm i agree
some bruising around the nose and mouth
Here and here . . . there are more bruises
at your fingertips
He was about 40 years old and the body was in poor condition
He 's been in the river too long, the water has destroyed a lot of evidence
But I 'm pretty sure the missing Vermeer painting is a knockoff
- what? - The identity of the deceased must be confirmed first
Find out his friends and . . .
Wait, wait, where did the painting come from? what are you saying?
There are propaganda all over the street, haven 't you seen the poster?
The Dutch artist 's painting book was ruined centuries ago
And now it 's here, and it 's worth £30 million
OK, so what does this have to do with this corpse?
it all matters
- Have you ever heard of Golem? - Golem?
Is that the horror story? what are you referring to?
The giant clay figurine in Jewish folklore is also the name of the killer
His real name is Oscar Zunza, one of the world 's most inhumane killers.
That 's his standard killing mode
- So this is murder? - Exactly
Golem always strangles the dead with his own hands
But what does this have to do with painting? I can 't see it . . .
You can see, you just don 't want to observe!
Alright, alright, girls! calm down
Sherlock, do you want to explain?
What 's so suspicious about this body?
The deceased did not leave much relics, at most a shirt and trousers
Dressed formally, maybe he 's going out for an appointment tonight
The trousers are heavy, polyester, not of good quality, and the shirts are a bargain
Both are too big for him maybe a standard uniform
What kind of work do you wear for work?
He has a cradle on his belt . . . for hanging a radio
Subway driving?
- Guards? - very likely
- Can prove from his back - behind? !
Unsturdy behind his work may be sedentary
But his soles and incipient varicose veins suggest otherwise.
So, work that requires walking and sedentary
The guard is a good guess and the watch can prove it too
The alarm setting indicates that he does a regular night shift
fixed? Maybe he just happened to set it up the day before he died
No, no, the buttons are fixed and never touched
He set the alarm a long time ago to work at a fixed time
Another thing is that the murderer must have been disturbed
Otherwise he would have stripped the dead of their clothes
There were signs of badges or clothing on the front of his shirt, which was torn off by the murderer, indicating that the deceased was working in a formal place like some kind of institution.
I found this in his trousers pocket
Wet from the river but still recognized it was . . .
- Tickets? - ticket stub
He is working in a museum or art gallery and wants to check tickets quickly
The Hickman Gallery notified them that one of their guards was missing, Alex Woodbridge.
Tonight they are exhibiting this unpublished masterpiece
Now, why would anyone want to pay Gollum to kill an ordinary museum librarian?
The conclusion is that the deceased knew something that would prevent the owner of the painting from getting the £30 million from the sale
- In other words, the painting is a counterfeit. - That 's amazing
- Too hypocritical - happy new year then

poor guy
I have to step up to find this golem
It 's useless, you can 't find him but I know someone can
- Who? - it is me
Why didn 't he call? He changed the pattern, why?
- To Hua Tie Lu Bridge - where to go, the Art Museum?
will go in a while
The Hickman Museum is a show of contemporary work, right?
Why do they collect Old Master paintings?
I don 't know that jumping to conclusions is dangerous
Still need some clues . . .
stop!
Can you wait here?
I 'll be back in a while
Sherlock?
I want change? Do you have change?
- What do you want change for? - buy a cup of tea and drink
Here, $50
thank you
- what are you doing? - Put on eyeliner
Going to the museum now
Do you still have cash?
No, I want you to look up clues about that guard
- Leschu will give you the address - ok
We shared a house for about a year
- Just a roommate relationship- Hmmm

- Can you open it and see? - Okay
Feel sorry
Stargazers, right?
yeah, he likes it
He spends his free time stargazing
Alex is a good guy
I like him
He 's not the kind of . . . that cleans up the environment
What about art? Does he understand art?
It 's just a job, you know?
Um
Has anyone been here to ask about Alex?
no
But someone broke in
- When did this happen? - last night
nothing was stolen
Oh, there 's a message on the phone for Alex.
- Who stayed? - I can play it to you if you want to hear it
- I 'm going to get the phone . . .
- thanks

Oh, have you started recording yet? Alex?
Dear, I 'm Professor Keynes
listen, you 're right, what you say is true
Call me back when you get back . . .
Professor Keynes?
- I don 't know who it is, sorry - uh
Can I replay it back?
No, I 've received a lot of phone calls these days, mostly for condolences.

(Bruce Pattington Project)
(Have you spoken to West 's fiancée? - Michael Lough)
Do you have nothing else to do?
I 'm just admiring the paintings
I can tell
Great, now back to work for the unveiling tonight
- Don 't you feel uneasy? - what?
That painting is a counterfeit
- what? - That 's a knockoff, it must be
can only explain
You 're in charge here, aren 't you Ms. Wenceslas?
Who are you?
Alex Woodbridge knew the painting was a knockoff so someone told Golem to kill him, is that you?

Golem? What the hell are you talking about now?
Are you someone 's subordinate? Are you ordered to copy this painting?
That 's not a knockoff
That 's a counterfeit
I don 't know why but there must be something wrong with that painting
What exactly are you trying to check? you know i can
- I 'll fry you right away - whatever you want

- Whatever I want? - Yes, because I don 't work here at all
I 'm just coming in to give you some friendly advice
How did you get in?
- Please! - I would like to know
The art of camouflage is that no one can see that you are pretending
- Who are you? - Sherlock Holmes
Should I be impressed by this name?
Of course
goodbye

He wouldn 't do it, impossible
- But weird things happened - Serena is not a traitor
This is too much to say!
Sorry but you have to understand . . .
That 's what they think, right, his bosses?
He 's a young man getting married and in debt
Everyone has debts. Serena can 't be a traitor just to pay off her debts.
Can you... ? Can you tell me what happened that night?
we stayed at home that day
Going to . . . watch DVDs together
He usually sees dozing off but he didn 't that day
he is quiet
Suddenly he said he had to meet someone
You don 't know who he wants to see?
Hi Liz, are you all right, honey?
- It 's okay - who is this?
- I 'm John Watson, hello- this is my brother, Joe
John 's here to ask about Serena, Joe
- Are you from the police? - It 's like
Tell them to get away, understand? we 've had enough
I will try my best
Well then, uh, thank you very much for your help. Also, my condolences

he didn 't steal mr watson
I know Serena, he 's a good guy
he is my good man
- Do you have any change? - no
Have change?
Alex Woodbridge knows nothing about art
- so what? - so. . .
that 's it? No interests, hobbies, personalities?
And one more thing he 's an amateur astronomer
- Call a cab, etc. - Any change, sir?
- I 'll give it to you if you have one - can you wait here?
(Vauxhall Arch) Luckily, I 've been busy for a while. Let 's go

beautiful, right?
- I thought you didn 't like it . . .
- doesn 't mean I won 't appreciate it
Listen, there 's a phone message in Alex Bridge 's apartment.
- A professor named Keynes called - this way

What a beautiful, rare city view
- Do you want to explain why you are here? - Homeless Network
- Absolutely not without them - Homeless Network?
My eyeliner is distributed all over the city
Ah, that 's really... clever
- So you give them a favor and they just... . .
- Yes, I can get away with it
Sherlock! Come over here!
Why is he sleeping here?
Because he is so special that he has to hide somewhere.
Somewhere where not many people . . .
- oh goddamn . . .
- what?
- I knew I would have... . .
- You 're welcome


Do not! Do not! Do not! Do not!

It will take a long time to find him
Maybe not, I may know where he 's going
- what? - I said that
Someone left a note on Alex 's phone There aren 't that many people named Professor Keynes in the phone book, let 's go

Jupiter, the fifth and largest planet in the solar system
Jupiter is a giant gas planet with 1 1 times the content of Earth
Well, we know that

- Titan is Jupiter 's largest moon . . . - Coming soon, Neptune
Many satellites have long since ceased to be active . . .
- Tom, is that you? - After the explosion becomes a supernova
Discovered by Auburn Le Verrier in 1846 . . .

The entire planet is made of only hydrogen
It will be a long time before their light reaches Earth . . . - Golem! - Many satellites have long since been inactive after the explosion became . . .

i can 't see him
- I 'm going to pinch him - Who do you work for, Zunsa?
Stars are formed from disintegrating globules - mostly composed of . . .
- Golem!

let him go . . . or I 'll kill you

The fourth planet in the solar system is named after the Roman god of war
She 's a giant gas . . .

It will take a long time to reach Earth . . .

Be a supernova . . .

The explosion became a supernova . . .
- That 's a knockoff, it must be- That painting was passed through.
- All science and technology tested - said imitation is perfect
You know that, right? Because you did it, right?
Inspector, you are wasting my time
May I ask you and your friends to get out of here?
This painting is a counterfeit
Alex and Cairns were killed because they were knockoffs
Oh please, sooner or later I 'll prove this painting is a knockoff
I solved it, I solved the puzzle
Counterfeits are the answer so they get killed
Okay, I 'll prove it, give me a little more time, okay?
-   1 0 . . .
- is the voice of a child
- Omg, grabbing a kid - what is he talking about?
-   1 0   -   9
he is giving me time
- oh my god . . .
- It 's a counterfeit, but how do you prove it?
- how to prove? ! How to do it? ! - 8
This kid is going to die and tell me why the painting is a knockoff, tell me!
- 7 - No, you shut up
Don 't waste your words, only I know why
There must be a reason, the reason must be very obvious
- 6 - where?
Alex knows it 's counterfeit why? !
- 5 - Time is up! Sherlock!
- 4 - At the planetarium, you heard it too
Oh, I 'm so awesome! It 's amazing!
- 3 - What 's so awesome? what exactly is it? !
it was wonderful


- Sherlock! - is a Van Buren superstar

please, is anyone there? Who can help me
It 's over to you, go find the kid and save him
The so-called Van Buren superstar
Exploded stars only appeared in 1858
So how could . . . appear in a 1640s painting?
oh my god . . .
Oh
(My patience is limited - Mycroft) Oh, Charlotte . . .
Interesting that it uses bohemian letter paper
The killer 's name has something to do with Prague legends and you, Ms. Wenceslas
The whole case is full of Czech flair
Is the Czech Republic the key?
How many counts are there in this case, Detective?
Well, criminal accomplice, fraud can also be counted as an after-the-fact accomplice
The killing of the old lady and the bombing of the apartment . . .
none of this has anything to do with me
It 's none of my business, please, trust me
I just want a piece of the pie
The £30 million

i found an old gentleman in argentina
He 's a genius, a real genius
His brushwork is perfect
- can fool everyone- uh
I mean, almost everyone
But I don 't know how to prove to the world that this painting is real
This is just my personal opinion
But he put the idea into practice
who?
I have no idea
What I 'm saying is true!
It took me a long time to finally get a chance to . . . to be in touch with those people
Those are his men . . .
But I 've never had real contact with them
only messages . . . and messages
Does the messenger have a name?
Moriarty
- Is this West 's morgue? - right
- Will you stay here long? - Maybe
- Are you a policeman? - It 's like
- I hate them - the police?
No, it 's the one who jumps off the rails
Suicide people just jump in front of the train selfish bastard
That 's a good interpretation
Seriously, that 's their freedom
They were relieved in an instant, but their brains were all over the place
What about driving?
They can only get used to it, can 't they?
Speaking of brains, there 's no blood here.
- Has it all been cleaned up? - No, there wasn 't much blood.
But you said he was hit in the head
Yes, but not much blood
- Well - then you can do it here
- Just give us a call before you go. - Okay
Okay, so Andrew West . . . took the train somewhere, or didn 't?
Couldn 't find the ticket on him
Why are you dying here?

- The focus is on the track change - that 's right!
I knew you 'd find out
West didn 't die here so there wasn 't much blood.
- How long have you been following me? - From the beginning
Don 't you think I left this case just to annoy my brother?
Come on, we 're breaking into the house
Missile defense plans haven 't been leaked abroad, otherwise Mykolov 's people would have received the news long ago.
We still have an intelligence system anyway
Yes, I know, I 've seen them
Indicates that whoever stole the memory card either couldn 't sell it or didn 't know what to do with it
I bet the latter
arrive
where is this?
Sherlock! What if someone is in there?
no one
oh my god . . .
- Where is this place? - Oh, sorry, didn 't I say that?
Joe Harrison 's Apartment
Joe . . . ?
West 's fiancée 's brother who stole the memory card
kill future brother-in-law
Why did he do this?

ask him
stop! stop!
I did not mean it. . .
What will Lucy think? gosh
Why did you want to kill him?
It was an accident, I swear
But stealing the missile defense plan shouldn 't be an accident, right?
I 'm doing drugs
Cycling is a good cover, right?
I don 't know since when
I 'm down to the point of nowhere
I owe a lot of people tens of thousands of dollars, but I can 't afford to offend them.
On West 's engagement day, he talked about his job
Usually, he doesn 't talk much about work
But he said nothing after a little drunk that night
He told me about the missile program
more secret than top secret
He showed me the memory card and waved it in front of me
Some things are easy to lose and end up turning into garbage or something like that
That 's how it was at the time, I thought to myself . . .
This thing might be worth a fortune
I took things from him easily and he was very drunk
When I see him again in a few days
I could tell from the look on his face that he noticed
- what are you doing here? - Where did you take the memory card?
and then?
I wanted to call an ambulance but it was too late
I do not know what to do
So I drag him back here
Sitting in the dark thinking about the next step
Suddenly an idea pops into your head
So Andrew West went a long way
If the unextended track of the train touches his body, his whereabouts may be unknown.
- And the bends - that 's right
Is the thing still with you? that memory card
If you don 't mind please bring it to me
The foreign affairs are over, back to the game
Maybe yours is over too
The bell struck five times, remember, John
That 's the countdown, but now there are only four puzzles

No, no, no! Of course he 's not the kid 's father
Just look at the hem of his jeans!
- I know it 's dangerous - what?
make you watch junk tv
Connie Price 's show is much stronger
Did you return the memory card to Mycroft?
Well, he 's very happy
Started threatening to install a knighthood for me again
- You know what, I 'm waiting for you to admit - what?
Wait until you admit that if you had a little common sense about the solar system, you might be able to solve the fake painting case faster.
Even if you understand, you can 't figure it out, can you?
Yes, but I 'm not the only detective consultant in the world after all
- That 's right - I don 't drink tea anymore
I 'm going to find Sarah and there 's some chicken rice in the fridge
- Milk, we have to restock - I 'll buy it
- real or fake? - real
- Buy some beans by the way, will you? - Okay

(I have Bruce Pattington 's plan on hand and I have the seed to get it)
(See you at the pool at midnight)

I brought you a meet and greet
This is what you want, right?
Those puzzles that make me jump
It 's all about telling me to leave this shit
Good night
Didn 't even think about it, right, Sherlock?
- John, how could you... ? - I guess you never dreamed of this step
You . . . want me to tell him what to say next?
get a beer, get a beer- get a beer- shut up

Nice place, this pool
It 's where Carl died
I killed him I could have killed John Watson
- make his heart stop - who are you

i gave you the number
I thought you would call
Is that a British Army L 9 A 1 pistol in your pocket? Or you can 't wait to meet me?
have
I 'm Jim Moriarty, hi
Jim?
Is that Jim from the hospital?
Oh, am I so unimpressive?
But I guess that 's the point
Don 't be stupid. Someone is pointing a rifle at you.
I don 't want to get my hands dirty
I hinted at you Sherlock, a little hint of what I 'm going to do to this corrupt world
I 'm an expert, you know
just like you
Jim . . . can you please help me get rid of my lover 's annoying sister?
Dear Jim, can you help me run to South America?
That 's it
you are a crime consultant
- Awesome - isn 't it?
no one can catch me
no one can
I can do it
You almost did it, now you 're blocking me
- Thanks - I 'm not complimenting you
- you 're complimenting me - well, yes, I 'm complimenting you
It 's time for the flirting to end, Sherlock.
I 'm running out of patience
I 've proven to you that I have two brushes
I let those people have 30 million pounds for those little things just to lure you out to me
So let me give you a piece of advice . . . dear
don 't meddle
Although I do enjoy the process of fighting with you
Like Jim from the Information Department
Pretending to be gay, do you like my trick of showing my panties?
- You killed a lot of people - people should be like me!
- I 'll stop you - no, you can 't
are you OK?
you can talk, little john
Say it now
- take it - eh? Oh. . .
This is the missile program
How boring!
I got it from somewhere else
- Sherlock, run! - good!
superb
If your men pull the trigger, Mr. Moriarty, we 'll all die together
He 's so sweet, I understand why you take him with you wherever you go
After all, people always have too much affection for their pets
They are so unexpectedly loyal
but!
You 'd better take your hands away, Dr. Watson.
I won
It 's a brand name, what will happen to you if you go on like this, Sherlock?
Oh, let me guess, I 'll be killed
kill you?
No, the answer isn 't that simple but I 'll kill you someday
But I don 't want to be in a hurry now
I 'll save the highlights until the last minute
No, no, no, no If you keep asking questions, I 'll tear you to pieces
make your heart unbearable
Based on reliable reviews I have no heart at all
But we all know that 's not true
ok i have to go
nice to chat with you
What if I kill you now?
It 's now?
Then you can appreciate my frightened expression
 'Cause I 'd be terrified, Sherlock
really i will
And there will be a little . . . disappointment
Of course, you won 't be able to appreciate this expression for long.
A later date, Sherlock Holmes
I 'll catch you later . . .
Don 't even think about it!
Are you all right? Are you OK?
Yes, I 'm fine, I 'm fine, Sherlock . . .
Sherlock!

oh shit
- Are you alright? - I? yes, i 'm fine, i 'm fine


That, uh . . . you just . . . did just now . . . you came forward . . . really . . . brave
- It 's safe that no one saw what happened - what?
You strip my clothes by the dark pool
people gossip
They never do serious things
- Oh. . .
- Sorry, kids, I 'm fickle!
It 's my weakness, but it 's not my only weakness
I won 't let you pull me back
you 're not singing anymore
I was going to try to convince you, but you know what I 'm about to say
maybe we are each other


