 00 : 00 : 00, 660 -- > 00 : 00 : 02, 000 Previously on " The originals " This town was my home once .
 I want it back .
 I want you to help me take new orleans from under all of their noses , and I have someone on the inside .
 I need something from you
 So that the witches can complete the harvest .
 I need to consecrate the remains of a powerful witch .
 Her name is Celeste Dubois . You and she have a friend in common .
 Elijah .
 The harvest is incomplete , and if they don 't finish it , it 's over .
 All our power will drain away .
 Our magic fades .
 Accept this offering as a sign of our faith .
 Every girl who died released her power onto the next .
 When I was the last one ,
 I suddenly had all of it . An artist , huh ? That 's cool .
 These drawings , what are they ?
 She called them evil .
 Oh , my god .

 Hello , Celeste .

 The italians call them strega .
 The Yoruba of west Africa call them aje , meaning mother .
 Where my mother as from , they called them hexa , and here we call them witch .
 Over the centuries , vampires have fought them and fought beside them , bedded them and burned them .
 Whether adversary or ally , and they have been a force to be reckoned with .
 Their ancestral magic anchors this city .
 There 's never been one all- powerful witch until Davina .
 Who is now tucked in safe and sound down the hall under my protection .
 Your Celeste was quite beautiful and a portent of evil according to our volatile artist in residence .
 Perhaps Davina 's mistaken what she calls evil for power . Yes .

 Celeste was certainly very powerful in her day , but she 's been dead for over 200 years .
 I don 't understand why all these sketches now .
 Why does any witch do anything ?
 Go away !

 Come on .
 You got to be starving .
 You haven 't eaten since -- since your best friend killed my best friend ?
 Davina , I 'm sorry about what happened to this kid Tim .
 I 'm sorry you don 't hate Klaus for what he did or want to make him pay .
 He 'll pay for what he did one way or the other , but right now , I just want to make peace with you .
 Why ?
 So we can be one big happy frankenstein family ?
 Well , that 's going well .
 If you were trying to win the girl 's trust , perhaps poisoning her one true love was not the most splendid idea .
 Are there any more inopportune deaths you 'd like to wave in my face ? Oh . Give me a month .
 I 'll get you list .

 Young , old , dead , or alive , witches are a pain in the ass .
 Davina , Davina !
 What 's with all the racket ?
 Bloody hell .

 Elijah ?
 There 's something you need to know .

 What the hell is going on ?
 Davina .



 Hey .
 What kind of game do you think you 're playing ?
 I said disrupt the household , not destroy the whole city .
 I didn 't do it .
 Not on purpose .
 I -- I don 't know what 's wrong with me .

 This is madness .
 How can a 16- year- old girl shake the entire French quarter ?
 I seen her rock the church , but I 've never seen anything like this .
 How did you control her when she was in the attic ?
 I didn 't have to , but then I never killed her boyfriend .
 Yes , yes .
 We 've been over this part already .
 The point is in her present state she 's useless as a tool against the witches .
 She 's not a tool .
 Something 's wrong with her .
 She has too much power that she cannot control . that much we already knew .
 But why is it manifesting itself in such an aggressive manner ?
 Where are you going ? This is witch business .
 Let 's ask a witch .

 You 're going to see Sophie . You don 't have to eavesdrop .
 I keep nothing from you .
 Well , I don 't want to keep anything from you either , and if you 're going out to see Sophie , then there 's something that you should know . Yeah .


 She called me and asked me for a favor .
 She promised me that she would help break the curse that Marcel put on my people in exchange for some information .
 And I didn 't think anything of it , but then Davina started doing those pictures of Celeste --
 Whatever this is , you have to tell me .

 Sophie wanted to find Celeste 's remains , so I ... went through your journals , and I found out where you buried her , and then I told her .



 I know it was stupid and it was snoopy ,
 And I -- I should have just asked you .
 Please say something . Please .

 She wanted to be left in peace .
 When a witch 's remains are consecrated , that power fuels the rest of their community .
 Celeste did not want her remains to be found .
 She made me promise to bury her where she would not be found . You not only violated my privacy ,
 You have broken my promise to her .
 I thought they were just bones , Elijah .
 If you truly believed that , why didn 't you ask me where to find her ?

 If that 's dinner , I pass .
 Sophie , where have you been ?
 Short answer -- grave robbing .
 Stop whatever you 're doing .
 We need to find Davina .
 I figured out a way to complete the harvest .
 What ?
 How ?
 We need an elder to do it , right ?
 I figured out a way how to become one .
 Soph , you can 't just become an elder .
 That power has to be bestowed upon you by the other elders , all of whom are dead .
 Following my logic ?
 How about follow your history ?
 I did research .
 In 1742 , there was a witch massacre that wiped out all the elders , so they decided whoever consecrated the most powerful dead witch in the community became an elder .
 It worked for them .
 Teeny flaw .
 What powerful witch is even left for you to bury ?

 Meet Celeste Marie- Heline dubois , Elijah Mikaelson 's old lover .
 She was drowned in 1821 for being a witch .
 He buried her , never told anyone where .
 So how the hell did you find her ?
 I bribed Hayley to read his journals , and then I dug her ass up
 So I could consecrate her bones and absorb her power .
 That 's not disrespectful . Yeah ?
 Well , we only have a couple more weeks to complete the harvest . Soph , I 'm aware of our deadline , but --
 And if we fail , the witches are done for in this town .
 Our power will fade for good .
 Those girls sacrificed will never resurrect .
 My niece will never come back .
 If digging up some creepy old bones means i get Monique back , I don 't care about anything else .
 I happen to care .


 You 're coming with me .
 So you have stolen the remains of the very person that Davina 's been drawing for months .
 Would you care to explain this startling coincidence ?
 I can 't .
 I didn 't even know who Celeste Dubois was until I --

 Was that Davina ?
 Charming little habit she 's developed .
 And the earthquake I felt today ?
 Also Davina , and she 's taken to vomiting dirt .
 Oh .
 We have a huge problem . I thought that we had more time , but we need to complete the harvest now .

 Said the desperate witch conveniently .
 I 'm serious .
 That earthquake you just felt a preview of the disaster movie that is about to hit us .
 Why should we believe you ? You 've met Davina , you know her story ,
 For months now , she 's been holding all the power of the 3 girls sacrificed in the harvest ritual ,
 A force that was meant to flow through her and back into the earth .
 One person was never meant to hold that much power .
 It 's tearing her apart , and it will take us down with it .
 We need to prepare .
 According to Sophie Deveraux , as Davina self- destructs , she 'll cycle through 4 stages that represent the 4 elements that bound together the harvest .

 - The earthquake ?
 - Yes . Earth stage comes first .

 Then comes wind , and since each stage is more intense than the last ,
 Let 's just say you 'll blow the roof off this place . The after the wind is water .
 Rain , flood .
 How bad ?
 Quite bad actually , but that 's not the worst of it .
 The last stage is fire , and since it 's the last ...
 It will be by far the worst .
 But I didn 't take over this town to watch it burn to the ground . You can stop this , right ?
 Yes , but you 're not gonna like how .
 They want to complete the harvest .
 - No ! - The witches say you 'll be resurrected .

 They 're liars !
 They 'll say anything to get what they want
 Just like Marcel , just like you .
 Davina , you may think that I don 't care about you , but you 're wrong .
 I know what it 's like to have your life stripped away from you because of other people 's bad decisions .
 How do you think I became a vampire ?
 You 've convinced my siblings .
 You have yet to convince us .
 We don 't have time to waste .
 The first sign 's already come and gone .
 So fix her .
 She can 't be fixed .

 What -- what is that ?
 The more upset you become , the faster you deteriorate . I compelled up some sedative .
 No , no , no !
 We keep you calm , we keep you alive Davina .
 - Stop !
 - She can 't be saved .
 This will not stop at the earth sign , and if you wait it out , you immortals will be the only ones left to argue about it .


 No !
 Please ! No ! Please !

 Nooo !
 Convinced now ?

 We sedated her too heavily .
 Well , if this is her sedated ,
 I 'd hate to see her otherwise .
 We all agreed that Davina must be sacrificed .
 There 's no need to let her blow the roof off our heads in the meantime .
 No way !
 You 're not touching her !
 Ok . I 'll let you have that one .
 Marcel , no one wishes to see Davina come to harm
 less than I , but there is no scenario here in which we simply wait this out .
 She 's going to die .
 According to Sophie , the witch who screwed over everybody here .
 The harvest was working before it was stopped .
 If a nonbeliever like Sophie Deveraux can come to have faith that these girls will be resurrected , then I , also , am a believer .
 I saved Davina from the harvest , and now you want me to just hand her over ?
 Do you think that I 'm happy about this ?
 If the witches complete the harvest , not only do they regain their power .
 We lose our weapon against them .
 The earthquake I was willing to chalk up to hideous coincidence , but these winds ?
 If Davina is not sacrificed , then every inch of earth that shook , everything blowing about now will soon be drenched in water and consumed by fire .
 Oh ! Now you care about the city .
 We ought to .
 We built it .
 And we all saw it burnt to the ground twice .
 I will not let that happen again .
 Do I make myself clear ?
 Yeah .
 Yeah .
 Not a people person , are you , Niklaus ?
 Nonsense .
 I love people .
 Just on my way to warn a couple of prominent ones in case the weather gets out of hand .
 If you fancy yourself as plus diplomatique , perhaps you 'd like to come along .
 No .
 Soon Sophie Deveraux shall be consecrating Celeste 's remains , and though her actions are reprehensible , still I should pay my respects .
 Hey .
 Do you have a minute ?
 Just on my way out .
 Which one of us is the people person again ?
 Fat lot of good that will do .
 I don 't really have time to socialize .
 Good .
 Neither do I.
 When you 're done burying your witchy bits on sacred ground , are you prepared to perform the harvest ?
 You do realize you have to slit a girl 's throat , a very sweet girl as it turns out .
 If it means I get my niece Monique back , I can handle anything .
 Why are you really here ?
 When all this is done , after Davina is resurrected and the witches get their power back ,
 You 'll have a decision to make .
 Enlighten me .
 A witch at her full power can trade body blows with a vampire punch for punch .
 Believe me , I know .
 So do I.
 Be nice to have a fair fight for a change .
 Well , fair only gets you so far , luv .
 Clever gets you further .
 After this , Marcel will still be here , and so will Klaus , and you know better than anyone that those two don 't fight fair .
 You are going to need an original on your side , and I 'm gonna need a witch on mine if we 're gonna stop those two from running things .
 Am I missing something ?
 Why would you side with me ?
 Sometimes , what 's more important is not who you 're siding with but who you 're siding against .
 No , no !

 Let go of me !
 Stop it !
 I got you .
 I got you right here .
 Hey . Klaus said not to .
 I 'm done caring what Klaus says .
 You don 't have to be here for this .
 It 's gonna take some time for Sophie to prepare for her consecration .
 I have time .
 I owe her this .
 Care to elaborate why ?
 Have you ever experienced something so ... profound and wonderful that when it was taken from you your life felt unbearable ?
 Yes , I have felt that , and I 've got the scars to prove it .
 I believe that when you love someone and that person loves you in return you 're uniquely vulnerable .
 They have a power to hurt you that 's like nothing else .


 Rebekah .
 He 's taken the girl . Who has ?
 Bloody , bloody Marcel !
 And you wanted to run off and start a life with this back stabber .
 Says the man who was shacking up with him not two seconds before all this went down .
 Ok .
 We need to divide and conquer if we 're gonna stand a chance .
 He could have gone anywhere .
 Well , I 'm here with Sabine .
 Perhaps we could try a locator spell ?
 I 'll talk to the priest .
 They might even be at the church .
 It 's the last place we 'd think to look for them , right ? Ok . You check the church ,
 I 'll check ... everywhere else .
 What are you doing ?
 I was gonna take these to the ...
 If you say , " Bayou , "
 I will find a nice comfy dungeon and throw you in it .
 This is not the night to be out there .
 For anyone .
 But some people don 't have a choice .

 Right .
 Grab that lot and come with me .
 I consecrate these bones to the earth .
 Ancestors , hear me .
 I consecrate these bones to the earth .
 Ancestors , hear me .

 This isn 't working .
 She 's nowhere to be found .
 No .
 It 's more like she 's everywhere . She 's hemorrhaging magic .

 That means we have less time than we thought .
 We have got to find her . I have no clue where she is .
 Please concentrate .
 Try again .

 I 'm not gonna hurt you .
 I don 't believe you !
 You want to kill me just like everyone else .
 I 'm the one who put a protection spell on you , D.
 That 's why Tim 's dead and you 're not .
 And before you throw me again , if I had know anything was gonna happen to your friend ,
 I would have protected him , too .
 You 're the one who saved me ?
 Yeah , but now the witch who did the spell is in league with the rest of them , so I had to take you away .
 So you could use me as a weapon ?
 I 'm trying to keep you safe .
 Davina , look at me . I messed up .
 All this power that you have , it gave me an advantage .
 It helped me punish the witches , and it let me run the city , and I let that mean too much .
 All right , but that 's over with now .
 One survivor to another , all I want to do is keep you alive , I swear .

 I 'm scared .
 I don 't know what 's wrong with me .
 You 're not alone .
 We 'll fix this .
 You won 't let them hurt me ?
 No .
 Nobody 's gonna touch you .
 We still haven 't gone through all that you 've already provided , Klaus .
 Well , this newest bit isn 't from me .
 That 's very kind of you .
 Hayley .
 And these people are ?
 I asked Father Kieran to give them shelter . He suffers from an incessant desire to do good .
 But now I need you to be useful .
 Marcel and Davina have disappeared .
 I assume from the stupefied look on your face they haven 't sought refuge in your attic .
 No .
 Those days are gone .
 Then energize your resources .
 I don 't need to remind you how important it is they be found .
 Yes .
 These people , they 're werewolves , and the priest , he said that you donated the food .
 You 're helping them ? They 're not your werewolves .
 They 're my clan .
 From very far back .
 They 've fallen upon hard times , and their plight has brought out the philanthropist in me .
 What can I say ?
 Must be Elijah 's influence .
 What do you mean your clan ?
 The blood that runs in their veins runs in mine .
 And in our child 's .
 This family gets more complicated by the second .
 Listen , Hayley , word of advice when dealing with Elijah .
 Don 't do as I do .
 Just apologize .
 He 's accomplished in many things , but he is a master of forgiveness .

 Ok .

 Oh , ok .
 She 's somewhere near the river .
 I can 't be more specific .
 It 's something . It 's a start .
 It didn 't work .
 I tried to consecrate her and absorb her magic , but there 's nothing there .
 I don 't understand .
 A witch 's magic is infused in her bones until consecrated .
 Well , then someone 's already taken it because there 's nothing there .
 Has to be another way .
 There is no other way .
 Unless you know of some superpowerful dead which whose bones were never consecrated , it 's over .
 There is someone else actually .

 My mother .

 It 's taken 1, 000 years , but you 've finally gone mad .
 Our own mother ?
 Yes , our beloved mother , who Niklaus has affectionately placed in a coffin in his basement , not daggered but quite dead .
 Well , she did try to kill us all . Well , I say we put her to use and put her to rest once and for all .
 Now if we bury our mother on land owned by one of her descendents , she becomes a New Orleans witch , and we as her family share in that ancestral magic .
 We 're vampires , Elijah .
 We can 't practice magic or own property for that matter .
 Yes . With regard to practicing magic ... That 's where I come in .
 After they bury their mother , They can channel all her power to me .
 Only hitch is as conduits of Esther 's magic , they need to participate in the harvest .
 And as for owning property ...
 Not all of our mother 's descendents are dead .
 The baby . The baby .
 The parish tax assessor 's office is just steps outside of the quarter .
 Hayley now holds the title to the plantation .
 So if we bury our mother there and we consecrate those grounds , we can finish the harvest ritual .
 You 're a bit of a mad genius , Elijah .
 Count me in .
 Am I the only one thinking ?
 Our mother was the most powerful witch in history .
 If we bury her , we hand that power to our enemies to use against us .
 Given our circumstances ,
 I hardly see that we have a choice , Rebekah .
 I don 't know why I bother .
 You two will just do what you want anyway . No .
 Our decision must be unanimous .
 This is not a democracy .
 You 're quite right .
 This is family .

 Water .
 The next sign 's begun .
 Rebekah ?
 Kill a demon today , face the devil tomorrow .
 Count me in .
 Well , this is no family reunion without our mother .
 I 'll fetch her .

 So much for your grand schemes of using Davina for revenge .
 Survival first , plots to overthrow my brother second .
 Where would Marcel hide something precious to him ?
 You think I 'm just gonna offer that up so you can leave me here to rot ?
 Water runs downhill .
 You think I have to have drowned before to know how much that will suck . Fire kills vampires , Thierry .
 You think burning to ash will be pleasant ?
 Look .
 I am not forsaking you .
 I promise to live up to my end of the deal .
 I 'll get you out of here when all of this is done .
 Just tell me where Marcel would go .
 There 's a place by the docks .

 If I can just wait it out a few more weeks ...

 Help me , please .
 I will , and when it 's over ,
 I 'll do what I should have done -- get you out of town . I had a dream that Tim wasn 't dead .

 He played a song that he wrote for me , and he kissed me , and we were just normal .
 That sounds like a beautiful dream .
 What are you doing here ?
 But it was just a dream .
 Get out !


 This is killing her .
 Your stubbornness will mean her death .
 I promised her I 'd fight for her .
 I 'm not breaking that promise . No one is asking you not to fight .
 You 're the only family that this girl has .
 You owe it to her to fight for her to live .


 Did you find them ?
 Will he bring her ?
 He 'll bring her .
 Are you ready to do this ?

 Always and forever .

 It 's done .



 Marcel , it 's ok .
 No . I failed you .
 I 'll die whether I do this or not .
 I mean , now the only option is -- is whether I take everyone with me .
 If you look at it that way , it 's kind of selfish not to do it .
 There has to be another way .
 This is not how it ends . And if it is ...
 If this is all I have ,
 I 've had a lot .
 I had Monique , and I had Tim ...

 And I had someone who fought for me from the moment you met me . Ah , Davina .
 Most people don 't get that even if they live to be 100 .
 Marcel , I 'm ready .

 Fire .


 Do you believe in the harvest ?
 I believe .


 After the harvest comes the reaping .
 Their sacrifices made and accepted , we call upon our elders to resurrect your chosen ones .

 We call upon our elders to resurrect your chosen ones .
 Resurrect your chosen ones .

 Please .
 I beg .





 That won 't bring her back , you know ?
 This is your fault .
 I should have never let you anywhere near her .
 Marcel -- This city was fine before you came .
 We were fine ! Davina was safe !
 She was in control !
 If you hadn 't gotten her worked up , if you hadn 't killed that boy !
 My condolences the girl is gone , but don 't lose perspective .
 We still have our community .
 The vampires of this town --
 I don 't care about the vampires !
 She is dead !
 Do you hear me ?



 I 'm sorry .
 You may think I know nothing of your grief , but you are wrong .
 In the days after I fled this city ,
 I thought you were dead .
 It was years before I could speak your name so keenly did I feel that loss .
 I 'm sorry .
 I 'm -- I 'm sorry .



 Are you ready to forgive me yet ? It 's not that easy , Hayley .
 Elijah , I was wrong to go through your journals ,
 I was wrong to tell Sophie about Celeste , but after everything that happened today ,
 I don 't know why we can 't see past this . And you of all people should know why .

 During my fever in the bayou , you were inside my mind .
 You know what Celeste means to me . Don 't you mean meant to you ? No .
 Do you have any idea how rare love is ?
 In a thousand years , I have found it but twice , and when I have , I have honored it .
 I know what a promise means to you , Elijah , but you made it 200 years ago .
 I live in the now . If I feel something ,
 I act .
 If I want something , I take it .
 I won 't choose the dead over the living , so why are you ?
 I 'm sorry , Elijah .



 This whole thing was doomed from the start , you know ?
 Yes , we saved the city , and I 'm not complaining about the witches
 losing their power , but this did not go down the way I thought it would .


 You surprised me , though . You were quite resourceful today .
 How did you find them down at the docks ?
 You 're not the only one with clever little spies in the quarter , Nik .
 Sometimes I think I don 't give you your due , little sister .
 I knew Elijah 's plan was mad , but I really thought it would work .
 So did I.
 I was sure Davina would survive .
 There was so much life in her .

 What about the power ?
 4 were supposed to rise , and none did .
 Where did all that power go ?





 Why are we here ?
 Someone brought us forth . Who ?
 I did .

 Sabine !
 What 's the meaning of this ? Bastiana , I 've had to endure people calling me " Sabine " for almost a year now .

 I 'd appreciate it if you 'd call me by my real name --
 Celeste .

