Sherlock Holmes
Season 2 Episode 2
Is that Mr. Christis?

- . . . Paul Critis- My name is Latimer and I 'm here to pick you up, Mr. Critis

here please mr christis
There 's a chariot waiting for us

The Greek Translator Case
In this long intimacy I had with Sherlock Holmes
I have never heard him mention his relatives in the years we have known each other
Even his early life because of his tight-lipped sometimes I think it 's his extraordinary
make him high and low
I 'm going to be alone, I 'm starting to believe he 's an orphan
There are no relatives in this world until one day I am surprised that
He started talking to me about his family, my grandmother who may have inherited my gifted ability to observe and reason.
Is the sister of French artist Benes, this blood-soluble art cell
easily inherited in the most peculiar ways
Like my brother Mycroft
your brother ?
I didn 't know you had a brother
Oh I have the observation and reasoning skills I can tell you that
far beyond me
Sherlock Holmes I know you are the most humble man in the world
haha my dear watson
You call humility a virtue, I don 't agree
To the logician everything should be as it is
To underestimate one 's abilities is to deviate from the facts and to exaggerate one 's abilities
I just told you about my brother
It 's true, I don 't doubt your words, but if there is another British
such an extraordinary person
Why the police and the public
Never heard of him? Let alone me . . .
He is famous in his own circle
Where? In the Diogenes Club
This is the quirkiest club in London
And my brother is the weirdest of them all

I guess . . . you probably want to meet him?
Of course I thought
Even if it 's just to prove that someone is there
I 'll see you this afternoon
He came across a peculiar incident he never thought might interest me, so why didn 't Mycroft take advantage of himself?
How about being a famous detective with such great skills? If only the art of reasoning could be done from start to finish in an armchair
Then my brother is the best case solver today.
I use it for a living
But for him it 's just entertainment
He has neither the ambition nor the drive
So what does he do?
He is particularly keen on numbers for some government agencies
Audit ledger
So what qualifications do you need to join the Diogenes Club?
My brother is one of the founders
The least sociable
Gathered together and kept silent
The one who avoids even a glance from others
Now let 's go in
ok but... .
keep quiet

Holmes, have you ever... .


can say now
ah thank goodness






Look at those two Sherlock


Do you see anything famous?
There is one characteristic
Yeah what can you infer? I 'm guessing it 's a veteran
recently retired
Inscription
It 's a non-commissioned officer. It 's an artilleryman.
a widower with a child
more than one my dear brother more than one
Ha ha
Mycroft Holmes, nice to meet you, Dr. Watson
Sherlock 's name has become a household name thanks to you writing his biography . . . oh thanks
For anyone who wants to study humans
This is the best place but are you a little obsessed?
Watson is actually not difficult to judge. His demeanor reveals a special sense of majesty.
rougher than normal
The skin type of a soldier
And he just came back from India and said he will retire soon
because he 's still wearing military boots
That 's what they call him, but he doesn 't walk like an infantryman
And the hat is worn on one side
Makes one side of his forehead paler than the other
His weight is not suitable for sappers so he is in artillery
From the heartbroken look on his face, he just lost a close relative since he was shopping alone
It must have been her wife who passed away. He was buying things for children.
As you can see there is a rattle stating one of them
still very small
And in his hand was a comic book
that he has another child
Oh, it 's Mr. Morais
come in sir

they are my friends
This is Dr. Watson
This is my brother Sherlock
You are Sherlock Holmes
I think his story will interest you
That 's why I came to you today
Mr. Morais
He came to ask me for help . . . um. . .
But I think it 's time for Mr. Morais
Tell me about that amazing experience yourself, thank you Mr. Holmes
I was London 's chief Greek translator for years and the police wouldn 't believe my story
Not by my family 's word
Because they 've never had anything like this before
So it feels like this can 't happen
But I know to make myself feel at ease
Just let me know that poor
What 's up with the guy with plaster all over his face? plaster . . .
Mr. Morais, please take a seat
Thanks Sherlock Holmes I 'd rather stand
Watson, I am all ears
It happened two days ago
a sunday night
Introduce myself I 'm Greek
living by translation
People often come to me at strange times
foreigner in trouble
or late arrivals
come to my service









Mr. Morais? I am
sorry to bother you
but i need a translator right away
my name is latimo
Now ?
I wouldn 't insist on this unless it was an emergency
But a friend of mine from Greece because of business
just got here
Unfortunately he only speaks his native language
Me too
Mr. Morais, please
My carriage is waiting outside
How far is the road? Right in Kensington




I had to block your view Mr. Morais
But actually I don 't want you
See our route
That 's what bothers me. It 's a very strange act, Mr. Latimer.
You must be aware of doing this
It 's grossly illegal. It 's a bit rude, no doubt, but we 'll make it up to you.


We drove for 2 hours
I don 't even know where
Did you pay attention to the underside of the wheel
Any sound changes?
I listened to Sherlock Holmes
Sometimes we run on a gravel road
sometimes on the asphalt
But can 't tell me where
there is no other sound . . .
What about the whistle of a ship or a church bell?
sorry for no voice like that
What time did you reach your destination?
It 's ten to ten to be exact.







Is this Maurice Harold? Yes
well done haha
Well done
We have no malice, Mr. Morais, I promise
But we can 't get there without you If you work with us in good faith you won 't regret it But if you play tricks God bless you
What do you want me to do?
Just ask our Greek guest a few questions and let us know his answer
But you can say whatever we ask you to say
Otherwise you will live rather than die
Mr. Morais please continue
Then this man this evil man
took me to a room
The decor inside is weird
But only a small light
And it 's half screwed


take the tablet harold
Have you released his hand?
hold it
you asked a question mr. morais
he writes the answer
ask him first
is he ready to sign the document




' no way '
Does not consider the following conditions?



'Only let me see her wedding,' he wrote.
Completed under the auspices of a Greek priest I know' Haha so do you know what 's waiting for you?


He said 'I don 't care about myself' and it went on and on
I was asked to keep asking him if he was willing to compromise
sign the document
Time and time again I get the same angry answer
But soon I had an idea
I decided to add some words of my own after each sentence that were inconsequential at first
to test the people around
Can you notice
However, I found out that they did not understand me at all, and I was even more daring
Stubbornness is not good for you





He said 'I don 't care'

Actually he told me
he has no family in london
Been here for three weeks
also fasted
fasting ?
Did you ask his name?
Critis
he is from athens
It 's a pity that 's the only thing I can ask and it 's been five minutes before I 'm under their noses
To get to the bottom of the whole thing
Ask him again, Mr. Morais, but just then the door opened and a lady came in.
He said 'Never'
Then ask him again! Harold, I can 't stay here any longer
Sophia Sophia Sophia! Just here Mr. Morais
as you noticed
you got involved with us
in a very secret
Here are five pounds of gold I hope
It 's more than enough but remember if yours is mentioned to anyone
no matter who
Just ask God to have mercy on your soul


As before, I was taken into a closed carriage
almost 2 hours later
I was thrown out of the car and found myself
near Wentworth
I don 't know where I 've been
don 't know who or what
Except what I already told you


But I know a crime is going on
I want to help that unfortunate man I can swear to God











Mycroft Mycroft !
Did you take any action?
Have put this on all the dailies today :
'If anyone knows a
whereabouts of the greek gentleman named paul christis
There will be a reward for this person who does not speak English
Also anyone who knows the whereabouts of a Greek lady
will also be rewarded
Her name is Sophia'
but haven 't heard back yet
What about the Greek embassy?
I 've looked and they don 't know anything
Then go to the head of the Athens police station!
Sherlock is the most energetic person in the family
Waiting for you to start investigating please no matter what
Let me know when you have news!
Of course Mr. Morais

If I were you
I 'll be extra careful of course
through these ads
They 'll know you 've betrayed them








Oops !
Go for it!
It seems obvious to me that this Greek girl was taken away by a young English man that Harold Latimer
Where did you take it from? Was it Athens?
no no no . . . this Harold Latimer
I don 't know any Greek at all but the girl speaks English fluently
It means she 's been in the UK for a while
And he has never been to Greece
Thank you Miss Jackson
So let 's assume this girl
is visiting the UK and this Harold
I want to convince her to go away with me
It 's possible and then the brother must be some kind of relative of hers anyway.
Came from Greece to stop them
they saw him
trying to force him to sign some documents by force
So that I can transfer the wealth of the girl to my own name
He is probably the custodian of the estate
And we know he refuses to do it, at least for now, but these guys won 't let it go
No matter what happens Watson we have to find them how? If our reasoning is correct
The girl 's name is . . . or was . . . Sophia. Cretis
It 's not hard for us to find her whereabouts
We can only hope to find him first and know nothing about her brother for now.






Come on in Sherlock
come in sir
You didn 't expect me to be so positive, Sherlock . . . eh?
How did you get here?
I passed you when you went to the post office
My notice has an echo
What happened shortly after you left? The letter was written with a flat-tip pen on light yellow printing paper
The writer is a middle-aged and frail man
' Mr. today learned that Mr. 's missing notice is hereby replied as follows
For this woman
know in detail
If you drive in vain
When the details are told to his daughter
unfortunate past
she is currently at bekinan in mamek
your loyal jay davenport
The letter was sent from Low Stone Bridge
Do you think we should go right away
Listen to that special past?
my dear mycroft
Her brother 's life is bigger than her story
more important
We have to go to Scotland Yard first
Find Sheriff Gleason
Then go straight to Beijinnan, it 's life-threatening
without delay
Then it 's better to take Mr. Morais on the road.
why ?
Because maybe we need a Greek translator
Well said Watson
From what we know so far
we face
is a very dangerous person
Mr Morris?
Yes
A gentleman is looking for you downstairs
which gentleman ?
He said he saw you today at the Diogenes Club


Mr. Holmes? Thank you!






good evening mr. morais










good evening mrs stelder please tell mr morace i have an urgent matter
but Mr. Morais is not here, Mr.
A gentleman just found him and he just left
Do you know where he went?
oh then i don 't know sir
I only know
He left with a gentleman who came in a carriage
Did that gentleman have a name?
no sir
Is he a tall, handsome, dark-haired young man?
ah no sir
He was not tall and had a thin face with pair of eyes, but he was very kind
keep laughing while talking
thanks
Scotland Yard fast!
You can 't do that without a license!
This is not a bargain sir even if they are criminals
That 's a private home law requirement . . .
The law requires us to act quickly
can 't you get an administrator
Sign us a permit? At times like this?

It 's now
Our kidnapping could turn into murder I can try
then please
Tell him I 'm out of my mind
if he doesn 't sign right away
I 'll kill him
tell him i 'm impatient
Do not
Do not


Do not
Do not
please sheriff . . .
Can 't it be without a permit?
sorry gentlemen . . .
we 've wasted almost an hour
The law can 't rush Mr. Holmes
Morais ' life or death is in your hands, Sheriff.
tell him . . . tell him that if i kill him . . . then her sister . . .

. . . would be useless and she would die. . .
But you won 't . . .
tell him !

Got it gentlemen . . . signed
Now find someone to send us to
London Bridge Railway Station
I pray it 's not too late!




A carriage with luggage
Just left half an hour ago
wait for us here










The building is already empty


It 's Brimstone Mycroft with the lamp!
Come and help me move them!


quick !
This poor man must be Paul Critis
Too bad he died
Sheriff we should have arrived sooner!
He 's been dead for 4 hours
poisoned by sulphur gas
I was right. Dr. Watson was beaten to death.
But Mr. Morais is alive! Let 's get him out of here ASAP!
Sheriff, bring brandy!
Relax, Mr. Morais, you 're safe
untie him

I roughly glanced at her room and the lady left in a hurry without any sign of struggle.
That man named Latimer must still be holding her hand
Strangely enough
For abandoning his brother to Harold Latimer
How much will she blame herself?
Are you still prejudiced against women?
I may not be biased in this case
Sherlock Holmes, they checked the train timetable
see this page

Shipping trains (trains that match the ship 's timetable)
The perpetrator has not gone far
If necessary, send someone to defend each domestic port
This train will make one stop between London and Dover
The exact time is within 2 3 minutes and the Emhyr station
That 's right
Stay with your key witness, sheriff
You may need his confession
He needs your help too. Give him brandy and ammonia every once in a while.









- Mycroft! - I 'm not in shape for running!





Please show your ticket!
Would you please have your ticket ready?
i am sherlock holmes
Is that Mr. Sherlock Holmes?
I 've seen a lot of your cases. Are we the last passenger you checked?
yes sir i have been starting from the front locomotive all the way to the end then you can help me
There were three passengers, two male and one female
are together
Not a companion on the surface
but alone in a cubicle
older man wearing thick glasses
young one very handsome
They were carrying a lot of luggage to continental Europe
Have you met this group of people?
yes i think i can help you mr holmes
I have no doubt
there are two people
matches your description Mr. Holmes
two guys ?
Please show your ticket
In Box B 4 . . .
B 4
. . . and D 8
Thank you, conductor, how do you know which two are the killers?
It couldn 't be easier. Don 't wake him up.
It 's enough for the two of us to take the risk.


One is a left-handed printer from Detford
His brother drank too much
So have liver pain
I don 't want this
Casual
What about the girl?
she doesn 't know them
She 's a mechanic from Bradford on vacation and looking for a romance
That is to say without a doubt
The murderer is not in box B 4










Thank you Miss Christies
Sit there, Mr. Latimer, come in, Watson






Who exactly are you?
The third person here is not
But I believe he will come back










Miss Christis, I want to ask
Are you a prisoner or an accomplice of this man?
don 't say anything
They have no right to ask you anything
If they 're the police they 'll be face-to-face
Why the police Mr. Latimer?
Did you expect them to come? Look I don 't know who you are
I don 't know how you know my name
But I 'm traveling with my fiancée to continental Europe to get married
So please don 't bother us again, okay?
Otherwise I 'll call security
then please
I 'm sure Dr. Watson will call someone for you
ah i think you know who i am
Then can I ask your fiancée again?
What about the same problem?
he was right
we are getting married
Where ?
Masanori
I 'm afraid not
Who can stop us?
If the police can 't do it, it 's me
Miss Christis, you really want me to believe
Did you leave the UK voluntarily?
Yes to marry the murderer of your brother? It 's not true
No! Murder?
That 's not true, is it? He 's going to join us in Greece
that 's what you told me
he will sofia he will
your brother is dead miss christis don 't listen to him i saw his body in bekinan
He 's been murdered and tortured to death
no it 's not true
Harold tell me what happened! Tell you Mr. Latimer
Mr. Morais is alive as a witness and he will watch you be executed.






Help me Sophia help me!
Help me! Help me!






. . . things are going very well very well
my friend died
yes but i don 't have to say more
You already know everything on the contrary . . .
i never left england
Yes ?
yes sir if you have to choose a country
That must be Greece . . .
A country where the gods gather olives and conspiracy
this is my destination greece
do you speak greek sir ?
No, but finding a translator is not difficult
thanks
what a delicacy
then bye sir
nice to see you bye
It was an interesting conversation and I have to apologize
Sometimes I forget I 'm fat

See you later

Is Paul really dead?
I 'm afraid yes
i hate harold latimo
I hate him and love him
I will do whatever he says
I will follow him wherever he goes
Even if he kills your brother ?
yes even so
Mr. Khanna
we are waiting for you
I think this is your revolver ?
my brother . . .
Looks like we cracked the case along the way
The only way I want to go
It 's the one that leads to the Diogenes Club.
then lock yourself in
What will happen to her in the future?
You 'll be fine after hearing the news
In her cold heart it wasn 't a crime
no mercy
