0 0 : 0 0 : 0 2 , 1 6 8 - -&gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 0 3 , 2 6 9 Who are you? Jim Moriarty
goodbye
Consultant criminal
I 've always liked our little game
Someone will die, someone will die
i will stop you
If you keep asking around like this
I 'll set you on fire
I will burn your heart to ashes
catch you one day
don 't even think about it
sorry, both of you
I am a fickle person
It 's my weakness, but to be fair it 's my only weakness
I won 't let you go on
Absolutely not I 'll try to convince you but you already know what I 'm gonna say
You probably know how I would answer
Do you mind if I answer the phone?
don 't mind, please feel free
you can talk till you die
Hey?
Of course, what do you want?
It does not matter
Say it again
Again, know if you lie to me
I will find you to peel your skin
Wait a moment
Feel sorry
can 't die today
Got better business coming to your door?
I 'll find you again, Sherlock
I 'll make you rich if you have what you say
If not, I 'll peel your leather for shoes

That is how the matter?
someone made him change his mind
The question is . . . who is it?
Well, are you being naughty, Her Royal Highness?
Yes, Miss Adler

love rivals
Love and rivalry - what are you writing about? - Blogs
- say what? - US
- You mean me - how do you say this?
you write a lot
OK, what 's the situation?
My wife always seems to be in the office
boring
I think my husband may be having an affair
That 's right
That 's not my aunt herself
She 's been transferred, I know she 's been transferred
I recognize human ashes
go fast
As long as we can get these files back - we 'll pay whatever you want - boring
we have a website
Dedicated to explaining the true meaning of comic books because many themes readers can 't see
But comic book plots come true
interesting
'Freak Interpreter', what is it?
- It 's a title - why do you want a title?
Does anyone actually read your blog?
Where do you think our customers came from?
i have a website
You list 240 different tobacco ashes on your website
No one sees your website at all
Good blond, no apparent cause of death but these spots, whatever it is
what the hell
how?
Spotted blonde?
when grandpa died they won 't let us see him
Is it because he went to heaven?
People don 't actually go to heaven when they die, they are taken to a special room to be burned
Sherlock
There was an air crash in Dusseldorf yesterday
All on board were killed
Suspected terrorist attack
We were watching the news, you said 'boring' and changed the channel
According to the flight details this person is checked in
There 's a stub for his boarding pass in his coat pocket, a napkin on the plane, and even one of those special cookies.
This is his passport stamped at the Berlin airport
The man who should have died in the German air crash yesterday was found dead in the Southwark trunk
Escaped
Any ideas?
There are currently eight
ok four
about two
no . . . don 't mention unsolved cases
Readers want to know you 're mortal too
- why? - because they are interested
No, why are they interested?
- Look, 1 8 9 5 - Excuse me, what did you say?
I reset the counter last night
Nearly 2,000 people have viewed this blog in the past eight hours
This is your life support, Sherlock doesn 't depend on 240 tobacco ashes
Yes 2 4 3 kinds
What 's the title this time?
Belly button killer?
Belly button therapy
A lot of reporters came outside, two
Journalists will not be interested in us
Yeah, that was before your internet hit
Several reporters specified that they wanted to take pictures of the two of you.
My goodness
John
cover your face
Go faster, but exposure of a big case like this is good for creating a public image
I 'm a private investigator and the last thing I need is a public image
(Hatman and Robin: Internet Detective)
(Sherlock Internet Detective)
(Sherlock and John: Blogger Detective)
(Sherlock Holmes: Internet Bubble)
Hey
I think the time has come, right?
Dying, thumb?
door. . .
You two, another client is coming.
Start from the beginning, don 't say boring things
(1 4 hours ago)
Are you OK?
Excuse me, are you all right?
sir, your phone
I am Carter
Have you heard of Sherlock Holmes?
- Who? - you 'll see him soon
It 's your case, it 's up to you, I 'm just giving you friendly advice, but . . .
Let Sherlock watch your crime scene for five minutes
listen to everything he says
as far as possible
don 't beat him
Sir, this gentleman said he has something to tell you
Got it, Sherlock Holmes
John Watson, do you have a wireless network?
You know that 's a little humiliating, right?
it 's okay, i don 't care
Now . . . show me that creek
I didn 't say you were humiliated
You see, this is a sixth-level case.
I don 't need to go out for cases under level 7, we agreed
Now step back and show me the grass
When did we say goodbye?
We said yes yesterday, stop
Come closer, I wasn 't home at all yesterday
I went to Dublin
You can 't blame me for not hearing
To shut up
I 'm not at home you say the same?
I don 't know, are you often away from home?
Now
Show me that tempered car
there
It 's the car that makes the noise, isn 't it?
Yes, if you think someone shot
That 's not
he wasn 't shot
He was killed by a blunt blow to the back of the head
Then the murder weapon miraculously disappeared, and the murderer was also gone.
This case is at least level 8
You have two minutes for the police to investigate the driving of the car
Leave him alone, he 's an idiot
Why else would you consider yourself a suspect?
I think he 's suspect
Let me talk to him, but the computer has a mute button that I 'll turn on when necessary

Be taller, I don 't want to talk down there
OK, take it, take it
Drive to an unmanned place and successfully commit a crime without any witnesses. Why did he go to the police and find a private detective?
For fair play?
He 's being smart and overconfident
Have you seen him?
A morbidly fat mouth with bad breath means he 's a bachelor living alone
Right sleeve shows that he is addicted to Internet pornography
No self-esteem, low IQ is destined to be a short-lived ghost and you think he is a daring criminal master? Don 't worry, this inference is stupid
What did you say? Heart what?
to the creek
What 's in the creek?
look in the past
Sherlock, you didn 't answer the door
Entering from the back is his room to get him some clothes
who are you?
I 'm sorry, Mr. Holmes
- Sherlock, what 's the matter? - you want to come with us
I got disconnected, I don 't know how. . .
- Dr. Watson? - Yes
- looking for you - ok, thanks
no sir, it 's a helicopter
Excuse me, Mr. Holmes better dress neatly where you 're going
(suit: £700)
(unarmed)
(manicured)
(working in an office)
(Right-handed)
(Works indoors)
(to raise a puppy)
(two puppies)
(three puppies)
I know where to go
Are you wearing pants?
- no- ok
at Buckingham Palace

I 'm trying to suppress the urge to steal the ashtray
What are we doing here? Sherlock, seriously, what are you doing here?
do not know
Come to meet the Queen?
Apparently so
Can you two be a little more mature just once?
We solve the case, I write about it on the blog
He 'll forget to wear pants, better not get your hopes up
I 'm working on a case, Mycroft
What, the hiker and the backfire case?
I took a look at the police report and the case is a bit obvious, right?
see through
Then you should look forward
Here is Buckingham Palace, the heart of Britain
Sherlock Holmes, put your pants on
What are you wearing pants for?
see customers
Who is my client?
Extraordinary status
And, I have to tell you about complete anonymity
- Mycroft - Harry
Please allow me to apologize for my brother 's disheveled clothes
Apologizing for him is probably your day job.
This must be Dr. John Watson.
From the Royal Northumberland Rifles?
Hello yes
My employer is a passionate fan of your blog
your employer?
- I especially like the part about the aluminum crutches - thank you
And Mr. Holmes Jr.
You look taller in the photo
I put on my coat and make short friends just in case
Mykloff, I don 't accept anonymous clients.
I 'm used to doing a mystery on the one hand when I 'm handling a case. It 's too tiring to do both.
Good morning
It 's a national matter. Be mature.
loosen my sheets
How about otherwise? Otherwise I 'll just leave
you go
You two, please, don 't fight here
Who is my client?
Look what this place is, act it out
You will be appointed to the highest level in the country now please
put clothes on
I 'll pour the tea (pronounced 'to be a mother')
Childhood in one word
my employer is in trouble
An extremely sensitive and possibly illegal matter has been exposed at this critical time, dear brother
someone mentioned your name
Why? Why are you guys looking for me with barely a police force or even not-so-secret secret agents?

Surely someone is asking for your help, isn 't it, Mr. Holmes?
So far no navy chief has come to the door
This is the highest security specification event is a matter of trust
You can 't trust your secret agent?
Of course I can 't believe it
They all make money by spying on others
Closer to home
Yes, of course
How much do you know about this woman?
know nothing
Then you should pay more attention
She was at the center of two political scandals last year, most recently ending a well-known novelist 's divorce and an affair.
You know I 'm not interested in trivial things
Who is she?
Erin Adler
The title in the industry is 'Perfect Woman'
Inside?
There are many occupational titles in her line
She likes to be called 'Queen'
(download image)
Queen
Don 't be scared, it 's about sex
sex doesn 't scare me
Where do you know?
What she offers is . . . so to speak, entertaining reprimands, good service, and people who are willing to pay
This is all from her website
I think this woman surnamed Adler has a shady picture
You 're thinking fast, Mr. Holmes.
Not a difficult rendition
whose photo is it?
someone who is important to my employer
Best to stop here today
You can 't say anything?
All I can say is a young man
a young woman
How many photos are there?
Apparently a considerable amount
Miss Adler and this young woman are both in these pictures? Yes
I think it 's to show some shady scenes
As far as we know there are quite a few such episodes
John, better put the cup back on the plate
Can you help, Mr. Holmes?
How to help?
- Will you take this case? - What case?
Pay now, give as much as she wants
Miss Adler says on her masthead to know when to give in
she wants nothing
She reached out and told us that these pictures existed
said she had no intention of using the photos to get money or favors
Game of Thrones
Play Game of Thrones with Britain 's Most Powerful Family
worthy of being the queen
Things are getting interesting, aren 't they?
- Sherlock - where is she?
Currently in London, she lives in . . .
Text me the details and I 'll be in touch with you tonight
Do you really think you have news then?
No, I think I 'll get the pictures when I get there
You seem to be a self-proclaimed master hope this is true (dog lover) (horse riding, public school)
(Get used to getting up early and sleeping on the left side of the double bed)
(no smoker, half Welsh father, loves to read, drinks tea) Of course I need some gear
As long as you speak, I will send someone
Can I have a box of matches?
- What did you say? - or your lighter, either
- I don 't smoke - I know you don 't
but your employer smokes
We managed to hide this from a lot of people, Mr. Holmes.
I 'm not a British citizen
He 's already very humble, it 's a pleasure to meet him
see you later
Well, how did you know about smoking?
The evidence is right in front of you, John, you have only one pair of eyes, but you can 't see
- Observe what? - ashtray
Kate?
A guest came to the door today
i need a little time to prepare
Will it take a long time?
a long time
what are you doing?
I 'm going out, John
need to be properly armed
no
no
i think it looks nice
you look good in anything
What are you planning to do?
We know her home address
Go directly to her house and ring the doorbell?
Exactly, please stop here
You didn 't even change your clothes
So now it 's time to add a little color
- Reached? - Two more streets
But here it is
- What are you going to do? - hit me in the face
what shade?
Blood red
Beat you
Yes, hit me, hit me in the face, didn 't you hear?
I often hear 'slap me in the face' when you 're talking, but it 's usually under the hood
gosh
Thank you, you now... . .
Well, I think this will do, John
You better remember, Sherlock, I 've been a soldier, I 've killed people
you are a doctor
i missed
What are you going to wear?
my battle suit
This boy is lucky
Hey?
sorry to bother you i was hit i think they took my wallet and phone
Could you please help?
I can call the police if needed
Thank you, thank you, please, please?
Would you mind letting me in and waiting for the police to come and I 'll leave?
Thank you, thank you so much
thanks
I witnessed what happened
It 's okay, I 'm a doctor
Do you have a first aid kit here?
in the kitchen, please
thanks
I 'm sorry you got hurt
I think Kate didn 't ask your name?
I 'm so sorry, I . . .
People often fail to remember pseudonyms when frightened
isn 't it?
All right
You and I both disguised Mr. Sherlock Holmes
I think your Excellency is Miss Adler
Look at your angular cheekbones
Slap you might scratch my hand
Want me to try it out?
OK, this should work
I 'm missing something, huh?
Please sit down or if you want tea I can call a maid
- I drank in the palace - I know
Apparently so
I also had tea in the palace
if anyone wants to know
(The shirt was worn for two days)
( electric razor )
(Have an appointment tonight)
(haven 't called my sister yet) (new toothbrush)
(hang out last night, with stanford)
Know where is the flaw in the disguise, Mr. Holmes?
No matter how hard you try to pretend it 's always a self-portrait
You think I 'm a priest with blood on my face?
No, I think you 're spoiled for being delusional and believing in higher powers
Your so-called higher power is yourself
And someone hurts you
If you have to hit that face
I 'll also avoid your nose and teeth, please cover it with something
whatever
- Napkins? - why?
Do you feel stripped down? I think John doesn 't know where to look.
No, I think he knows exactly where to look
What about you, I don 't know
If I want to see naked girls, I 'll borrow John 's laptop
- you borrowed my laptop - I confiscated it
It 's okay, we can change the subject
Tell me, how do I have to know?
What?
How did the hiker whose head exploded die?
i didn 't come for this
no . . . you 're here to get the photos but you never get them since we 're just chatting anyway
How did you know it wasn 't on the news yet?
I know a cop who handles cases should say I know his fetishes

And you like the police?
I like detective novels, and detectives
Brains are the new sex symbol
The position of the car The relative position of the car and the hiker when the car was backfired, plus the fatal blow was hit on the back of the head
That 's enough to know, tell me, how did he get killed?
he wasn 't killed
You don 't think it 's a murder?
- I know not - how did you know that?
Like I knew the dead were outstanding athletes
Just got back from a recent trip abroad and the photo I 'm looking for is in this room
OK, but how did you know?
So the photo is indeed in this room thanks
John, guard the door and don 't let anyone in
Two men alone in the country yards apart plus a car
I thought you were looking for pictures just now . . .

It 's taking too much time to look around, I 'll just get the photos, but you 're a bit smart, and now that you 're free, you might as well pass the time
Two men, one car, no third party
The driver wants to fix the engine
in vain
Hiker is looking up at the sky
Award bird?
One thing can happen at any time, what?
Hikers die
No, that 's the result. What happens?
- I don 't understand - think about it
Why?
Because you cater to the whims of those poor bastards
It 's also eye-opening to undress
Stop talking nonsense, use your brain
This is the new sex symbol
car will backfire
will make a loud noise
- so what? - Sound is important
Voice can reveal everything, eg . . .
thank you
A mother who hears a smoke alarm looks at her child
Unexpectedly, the fire revealed what we care about most
I hope you didn 't hide the baby inside
All right, John, it 's time to turn off the flames
I said you can turn it off
Wait a moment
Thanks
Be sure to wear gloves when opening the safe
As usual, the most accumulated oil is that the first key pressed is obviously 3, but then it is almost impossible to decipher the number sequence. From the style point of view, the password has six numbers
It can 't be your birthday, I don 't mean to offend
But you 're obviously an 80 's born 8 barely pressed, so . . .
I can tell you the password right away
But you know what? I have already said
Use your brains, put your hands on the back of your head, kneel on the ground and don 't move
Sorry, Sherlock
Miss Adler, on your knees
I don 't have to kneel on the ground together? no, i want you to open the safe
American
Interesting, what 's your business?
Sir, the safe, please open it now
I don 't know the code We overheard for a while and she said she told you
If you 're eavesdropping, you 'll know she didn 't say it
I think I didn 't hear it somewhere since your Excellency is so famous
I think you can hear Mr. Holmes
God, it was she who knew the password who asked her
Yes, sir, she also knows what code will automatically call the police and set off the burglar alarm. I learned early not to trust this woman.
- Mr. Holmes doesn 't know . . .
- Shut up and say one more word, just one word and I 'll decorate that wall with your brains
It 's not difficult for me
Mr. Archer, I 'll shoot Dr. Watson on the count of three.
- what? - I don 't know the password
- 1 - I don 't know the password
- 2 - She didn 't tell me, I don 't know
I 'm always ready to trust you
- 3 - No, stop
（ 3 2 ）
（ 2 4 ）
（ 3 4 ）
Thank you, Mr. Holmes, please open
Vatican relief gems

- do you mind? - don 't mind at all
he died
Thank you, you are very observant
- Very observant? - I 'm flattered
no need
Flattered?
The other party is not only these few people, they will monitor this house
- we should call the police - yes
- Coming soon - what the hell?
Shut up, it 's fast
Check the rest of the house to see how they got in
I got my knighthood
That 'smine
(I 'm locked) I think the pictures are all here?
I have a copy of course
you have not
You will permanently rescind any kind of upload link or link
You can 't sell the phone unless you can prove that the content of the phone never leaked
Who said I was going to sell it?
Otherwise how could they be interested? Apparently it 's not just photos on the phone
That camera phone is my life Mr. Holmes
I 'd rather die than let you take it
This is my life saver
Sherlock
Not anymore
- must have come in from here - apparently so
It doesn 't matter, she just passed out
God knows, she 's used to it
There is a back door in the house
Better check it out, Dr. Watson.
no problem
you are calm
Your mischievous trap just killed someone
Or he 'll kill me this is self-defense
What?
what is that?

give it to me
Give me
Do not
bring it
Do not
Enough is enough, let it go
i tell you to let go
thanks dear
Tell that pretty little cutie photo is safe on my hands
The photos are not for extortion, just to buy insurance
Besides, I might want to see her again
don 't move
Nice to meet you, don 't spoil it
I just want you to remember the woman I made you submit
Good night, Mr. Holmes
gosh, what are you doing?
he sleeps for hours
Don 't let him choke on his own vomit, the corpse will be ugly
what is this? What did you call him, Sherlock?
he 'll be fine
I have used it against many friends
Sherlock, hear me?
I got him wrong
He does know where to look
what to see? what are you saying?
password for my safe
what is it?
Should I tell him?
my measurements
I know
Don 't get up, let me speak
So the car was about to backfire and the hiker looked up at the sky
No, you said he might be bird watching but it wasn 't, right?
He was looking at another flying object
The car backfired, and the hiker turned his head to see that it was his big mistake
Waiting for the driver of the car to look up the hiker is dead
He didn 't see what was killing him because he had been swept downstream
An elite athlete recently returned from a trip abroad with a boomerang
You know it at a glance?
definitely the new sex symbol
I. . .
I. . .
keep quiet
never mind
I just give you the coat back
John?
John
- Are you OK? - How did I get here?
I don 't think you can remember that you 've been babbling
I should have warned you that I think Leschu filmed you on her phone - where is she? - Who is where?
that woman, that woman
- What woman? - that woman
- 'The Perfect Woman' The Woman - Erin Adler
she ran away, no one saw her
she 's not here, sherlock
you want. . . ? what? no. . .

back in bed
You 'll be fine tomorrow morning, go to sleep
Of course I 'll be fine, I 'll be fine
i have nothing
yes you are fine
If you need something, I 'm in the next room
- Why am I looking for you? - totally unnecessary

(See you next time, Mr. Holmes)
Photos are safe
In the hands of a fugitive sex worker?
She 's not interested in blackmailing
For some reason, she 's trying to save her life
I think you 've suppressed the police investigation into the shooting at her house.
The photo is in her hands, what can we do?
hand tied
She 'll applaud your words
you understand what 's going on
That camera phone was her trump card from jail
You can only go with her
Treat him with royal courtesy, Mycroft
Although she doesn 't treat the royal family that way
what is that? Newsletter

But how can there be that sound?
Mycroft, did you know anyone else was looking for her before you sent me and John to the door?
CIA-trained killer, I think I guessed it right
Yeah, thank you so much, Mycroft
Shame on your brother to take that kind of risk
Family is our last reliance on Michael Lough Holmes
Shut up, Mrs. Hudson
Mycroft
- sorry- thank you
But shut up
That voice is a little rude, isn 't it?
(Is it better?) It seems to me that you can 't do what she can 't do
I can spy on her with the highest specs
Why bother? you can follow her on twitter
Believe her username is 'Hand of the Whip'
Yes
Very interesting, excuse me
Hey?
Why is your phone making that noise? what sound?

that sound that sounded just now
Yes SMS alert means I have received an SMS
Your text messages usually don 't make that sound
Someone got the phone obviously joking to personalize their SMS alert ringtone
So every time someone texts you...
seems like it
Can you turn the phone down a bit?
my age . . .
I 'm curious who will get your phone
Because the phone is supposed to be in your coat isn 't it?
I let you do it yourself
I 'm not stupid, you know
Why do you think so?
Pound Air takes off, already decided
Get in touch with someone from Coventry and talk about it later
What else does she have on hand?
Erin Adler
Americans won 't be interested in her just for a few shady photos
and others
More than just a photo
Something big is going to happen, right?
Erin Adler 's business is none of your business.
From now on, don 't get involved in this matter, will you?
yes sherlock

you can 't meddle
Now, both of you, please forgive me
I 'm going to go to great lengths to apologize to an old friend
greet her for me
(God Save the Queen)
That sounds great, Sherlock, that sounds great
Pulled too well
- Yeah, great, great - if only you could wear antlers
Some things remain in the imagination, Mrs. Hudson, Mrs. Ha

No thanks, Sarah
no . . . he 's not good at remembering names
No, I remember this
No, Sarah is the doctor and then the freckled one and the big nose and then, who is that behind the boring teacher?
there is no one
Janet, Elimination

gosh
Hi everyone, sorry, hello
The door says 'Go straight upstairs'
Hello, Jasmine . . . everyone greets each other, so warm
let me. . .
Oh my God
Are we going to drink Christmas wine?
Obviously can 't stop
There 's only one day a year these two boys have to be nice to me so it 's a drink worth it

John? counter on your blog . . .
It still says 1 8 9 5
No, Christmas is gone and you have a picture of me wearing that hat
- A lot of people like that hat - no? who?
How is the rheumatism of the hip?
That sucks, but thanks for caring
I 've seen worse
But I 'm doing an autopsy
omg, sorry no kidding, jasmine
- I 'm sorry - come on
Thank you, didn 't expect to see you
I thought you were going to Dorset for Christmas
My wife and I leave early tomorrow morning to get back together and everything is resolved
No, she slept with the gym teacher and John
I heard that you are going to my sister 's house, right?
- Yes - Sherlock complains
- Say. . .
- For the first time in her life, she changed her mind
- quit drinking - no
Shut up, Sherlock
Looks like you 've got a new boyfriend, Molly and you 're serious about him
What? I 'm sorry, what did you say?
In fact, you 're going to meet him tonight - and give him a present - take a day off
- shut your mouth and have a drink - come on
You must have seen the gift at the top of the bag
Packed flawlessly with a bow
The other few are at most sloppy to say that they are going to give a special person a red shade similar to her lipstick
If it wasn 't for an unconscious association or she deliberately aroused it, Miss Hooper was on purpose anyway.
She 'll give gifts, obviously she 's serious
As usual, it shows that she has long-term hope, no matter how remote
Just look at her make-up and clothes, you know she 's going to meet him tonight
obviously wants to make up for her big mouth and small boobs
(Dearest Sherlock loves you, Jasmine . . . )
You keep saying such vicious things
every time
Always like this. . .
I am sorry
forgive me
Merry Christmas, Jasmine Hooper
No, that 's not . . .
- I do not. . .
- No, it 's me - God, really? - what?
my phone
- 5 7? - Excuse me, what did you say?
57 text messages only count as I hear
It 's impressive that you have the
excuse me
What 's the matter, Sherlock?
I said 'excuse me'
Did you go back?
Oh my gosh, aren 't we on a Christmas phone call?
Has Congress passed a new law?
I think you 'll find Erin Adler tonight
We already knew where she was
You were kind enough to point out that it was irrelevant
no, i mean you 'll find her body
- Are you OK? - fine
This is the only corpse that matches
I asked someone to send her here to your second home
You don 't have to come, Jasmine
It 's okay, everyone else is busy...
spend Christmas
The face was hit a little hard so it might be a little hard to recognize
- Is that her? - show me the rest of her
it 's her
- Thank you, Miss Huber - who is she?
How could Sherlock recognize her without looking at her face?
just one
Why? Merry Christmas
Smoking indoors . . . is not against any law?
here is the mortuary
It won 't kill anyone anyway
How do you know she 's dead?
She has something she says is her life saver
she decided not to
Where is this thing now?
you see them
they all care
Have you ever wondered if we have a problem
Life always ends, heart always breaks
It 's no good to care too much
Sherlock
This is low tar
You just met by chance
Merry Christmas, Mycroft
and congratulate the new year
He hit the road, did he find anything?
No, did he take the cigarette?
―― 對 ―― The death
He 's coming back soon, there 's nothing in the bedroom for ten minutes
It looks like there 's no possible place in his hands. We 've all looked for it.
Are you sure he 'll do it again tonight?
Not sure, but I 've never been able to tell
you want to stay with him, john
I have a show tonight
no
Mycroft
I 'm really sorry
all my friends are wrong about you
you are a great boyfriend
ok, that 's a good thing
I mean I 've always thought of myself as great . . .
And Sherlock Holmes was really lucky
Janet, please
no i mean it
really touching
You 'll do anything for him and he can 't even tell your girlfriend
No, I 'll do anything for you Just say what I 'm missing, say?
Don 't make me compete with Sherlock Holmes
I 'll walk the dog for you
Look, I said I 'd even walk the dog for you
- I don 't have a dog- no
Because that was the previous one, okay
gosh
- I 'll call you again - no need.

It 's not very good, is it?

Are you OK?
Hope you didn 't mess up my socks index this time
What a beautiful song, Sherlock
I haven 't heard this one you 're composing?
help me think about things
What are you thinking?
The counter on your blog is still stuck at 1 8 9 5
Yeah, it 's broken, it seems like it can 't be fixed
glitches or you 're hacked it 's the other party 's message
(I 'm locked by 1 8 9 5)
(The password is wrong, you can only enter it three more times)
pure glitch
right
Yes
I 'm going out for a walk
I ask you if he has had any kind of . . . girlfriend, boyfriend, lover or something?
I have no idea
How could we not know?
he is sherlock
How do we know what that eccentric head is thinking?

Yes
goodbye
- John - yes?
Hello
Hello?
Is there any New Year 's Eve program tonight?
Not sure yet
Nothing . . . a show that can 't be abandoned
Do you have any ideas?
there is one
Mykolov could have called me directly if he hadn 't had this fucking boring power complex
Can 't find a coffee shop?
Sherlock won 't follow me around
go in from there
he passed
You 're right. He thought it was Mycroft looking for him.
He 's writing sad music
Don 't eat, hardly talk unless it 's to correct a TV show
I think his heart is broken, but . . . he 's Sherlock
Anyway, he 's that virtue
Hello, Dr. Watson
tell him you 're alive
He will come to me if you don 't say anything, I will come to you I believe
You 're dead, lying on the dissecting table
you 're right
The authenticity of the DNA test depends on the archives kept
I dare say you know the archivist
I know his fetish
And I have to disappear
Then how can I see you? i don 't want to see you at all
i made a mistake
I sent something to Sherlock for safekeeping and now I have to get it back so I need your help
no
I 'm thinking of his own safety
Me too, tell him you 're alive
I can 't say that 's fine, I 'll tell him
And still not helping you, what should I say?
What do you usually say? you text him often
it 's normal words
Nothing is normal now
Good morning
I like your weird hat
I 'm so sad tonight, let 's have dinner together.
I 'm not hungry
let 's eat together? You flirted with Sherlock Holmes
I flirted with him and he never answered
No, Sherlock will answer anything big or small
He likes to hit the nail on the head. He 'll wait until God is dead.
just to draw a final conclusion
Does this mean I 'm different?
I don 't know, maybe
are you jealous?
- we are not a couple - you are
All right
I 'm not dead, let 's eat together
Who knows what kind of person Sherlock Holmes is?
But I 'm just saying I 'm not gay if anyone wants to know
I 'm
look at us two
I don 't think you 're chasing
what do you say?
stop
Sherlock
Sherlock
Sherlock don 't cry, Mrs Hudson can 't keep the bullets from flying
How gentle would the world be otherwise
please, sorry, sherlock
I believe you have what we want Mr. Holmes
Then why don 't you ask for it?
I keep asking this guy for her as if she doesn 't know anything
But you know what I want, don 't you, Mr. Holmes?
(carotid artery, skull, eyes)
(arteries, lungs, ribs) I think I know
please help me
- Get your men out first - why?
I don 't like being outnumbered and outnumbered, there are too many idiots in the room
You two, get to the car and get in the car and drive away
Don 't try to play with me, you know who I am, you can 't fool me
Then, stop pointing that gun at me
So you can point a gun at me?
i don 't have a weapon
- Mind if I check it out? - must be checked
idiot
- Thanks, yeah...
- It 's alright now, it 's alright
(crime in progress, please excuse me)
What happened? God, what 's going on here?
Mrs Hudson attacked by an American
And I 'm rebuilding the balance of the universe
Mrs. Hudson, God, are you all right?
My God, what did they do to you?
i 'm so stupid
Go downstairs and take her downstairs to take care of her
It 's alright, it 's alright now, let me help you
i 'm fine, i 'm fine
Will you tell me what 's going on?
It should be, let 's go
Les Chu?
There 's a break-in here on Baker Street
Send your least annoying cop and an ambulance
no . . . we 're fine
It 's the break-in burglar. He 's seriously injured.
Broken several ribs, fractured skull
Suspected of a perforated lung, he fell through the window
it hurts
Just fell on my trash can
How many times did he fall out of the window?
The whole thing is a little fuzzy, Detective Inspector
I didn 't count
She has to sleep upstairs in our apartment tonight - we have to take care of her - no

- she 's fine - no, she 's not, look at her
She has to leave Baker Street for a while
She can stay at her sister 's house temporarily. This is what the doctor told her
- Stop it. - She 's frightened, oh my god
Just for a damn boring camera phone where the hell is that?
in the safest place I know
You 're stuck in your second dressing gown pocket, fool
I managed to sneak it out before they thought I was crying
Thank you
What a shame, John Watson
- I 'm ashamed? - Tell Mrs Hudson to leave Baker Street
Britain will perish
Where is the stuff now?
a place no one will go to
The content of the phone is not just photos
That 's right
then she 's still alive
how do you feel?
happy new year, john
Do you think you will meet her again?
(Happy New Year on Sherlock Holmes)
Is that a cell phone?
It 's a camera phone - and you X-ray it? - Yes

- Whose phone number? - a woman 's
your girlfriend? I X-ray her stuff and you think she 's my girlfriend?
- we all do stupid things- yeah
is not that right?
stupid
She sent this to my address
she likes to play games
Yeah?
(The password is wrong, you can only enter it twice)
hey sherlock
A client arrives
in your room?
Who is chasing you?
- The guy who tried to kill me - who is it?
Killer, it would be better if you were more specific
So you cheat to death, so you can strike first
They 've been on for a while
It 's just that you let John know you 're alive so I know
I know you 'll keep it a secret for me
you never know
But you kept it a secret for me, didn 't you?
Where is my camera phone?
not here
we are not stupid
So what did you do with it?
If they guess you took it, they 'll spy on you
If they were watching me, I would have known that I rented a safe at the bank on Strand a few months ago.
i will use it now
We can 't just go and get it, can we?
Jasmine Hooper, she can go get it, bring things to Buzz
Then you can ask your homeless informant to bring it here, leave it in the cafe and be brought up by the waiter downstairs through the back door
Very well, John, the plan is well-planned and clever defenses are planned throughout.
Thanks
Why don 't I call . . .
So . . . what have you saved here?
I mean roughly what?
photos, info anything that might be useful to me
- For blackmail? - take self insurance
I roamed the rivers and lakes, and lost my morals
I want to be sure that someone will be on my side when I need it
- How did you get this information? - I said it before
I lose my morals
But you get one thing and you get killed
Know what it is? knowledge
but i don 't understand
I think too
show me
password
- No - because this is a replica I made
You just entered the numbers 1 0 5 8 here
I thought you 'd pick a more special number but thanks anyway
(I 'm locked by 1 0 5 8)
(wrong password, have to enter it again) I said that camera phone was my life saver
I can tell the truth
You are good, you are not bad
Hamish
John Hamish Watson if you . . . are going to name your child
There 's a man a Defense Department officer I know his fetishes
One of his hobbies is showing off
He told me this email would save the world
He didn 't notice it at the time, but I filmed it
At that time he was a little tied up. Can you tell that the display on the screen was a little small?
Can
I know it 's a password at a glance. I asked the top password experts in China to read it, although I remember that he was upside down most of the time.
can 't figure out what it means
Is there anything you can do, Mr. Holmes?
come on
Let the lady open her eyes
There may be errors but I 'm pretty sure there 's a 7 4 7
Tomorrow night at 6:30 to fly to Baltimore
Obviously will save the world I don 't know how this can happen but give me a moment I just got into this case for eight seconds
Come on, it 's not a code, it 's the cabin configuration of a jetliner
Look, there is no letter I because it could be mistaken for a 1
Letters up to K limited by the width of the aircraft
Numbers are always random and out of order but letters are always in short order Family and couple sitting together
Only the width of a Big Mac is needed for the letter K or more than 55 rows of seats so as usual there is upstairs
Here 's a thirteenth row seat to eliminate the more superstitious airlines
There is also a pattern of flight numbers, 0 0 7 has eliminated a few more
Given the original source it is reasonable to assume the departure location is in the UK based on your recent increased pressure to assume a crisis is imminent
The only flight that meets the above criteria and departs this week
It 's a 6:30 flight from Heathrow to Baltimore tomorrow night.
Please don 't feel compelled to say something amazing or incredible to me John has used every possible way of saying it in English
expressed the idea
I 'm going to have you right here at this table until you ask for mercy twice
John, please check the flight schedule to see if I 'm right
ok leave it to me, ok
- I never asked for mercy in my life- Twice
Yes, you are right, flight 007

- What did you say? - you 're right
No, what did you say after the last sentence?
Flight 0 0 7
0 0 7 . . . what? What 0 0 7 ?
what is it then? 0 0 7 . . .
(747, 6:30 tomorrow night, Heathrow)
0 0 7 What?
What, what exactly?
Pound Air takes off
Pound Air takes off . . .
(Big Mac Jet oops, Sherlock Holmes, oops)
(Big Mac Jet oops, Sherlock Holmes, oops)
Pound Air takes off, already decided
Connect with someone at Coventry
- Coventry - I haven 't been there
Is it fun?
What about John?
He 's been out for hours
I just talked to him
He said you would
What about Coventry?
It 's a story, I 'm afraid it 's not a fact
During World War II the Allies learned that Coventry would be bombed because they cracked the German code but didn 't want the Germans to know they had cracked the code
So the Allies did nothing
Have you ever possessed anyone?
What did you say?
I say 'possessed', that 's the inelegant kind
I do not understand
I 'll be polite
- let 's eat together? - why?
- you may be hungry - i 'm not hungry
very good
Why would I want to eat if I 'm not hungry?
Mr. Holmes If the end of the world comes, if tonight is the last night, would you like to dine with me?
Sherlock?
it is too late
It 's not the end of the world, it 's Mrs. Hudson
Sherlock, is this man standing at the door and the doorbell hasn 't been fixed yet?
he broke
Are you coming to take me away again?
- Yes, Mr. Holmes - I refuse
I don 't think you will refuse
A jetliner will be bombed
Both UK and US governments knew about it, but they would rather sit back and watch the plane explode than reveal their intelligence source
Coventry 's old story repeats itself
Again and again, there is nothing new under the sun
you look better
how do you feel?
Want to shoot you in the head, sir
If I do, I 'll get a Mr. Medal
Coventry 's Dilemma
What do you think of my solution?
Dead plane?
Plane explodes in mid-air, terrorists complete mission, hundreds killed, but no loss of life
Very clever, don 't you think?
You 've brushed past this case again and again
Or do you think it 's too boring to pay attention to the mode?
when grandpa died they won 't let us see him
It 's not my aunt herself
I recognize people 's ashes a while ago, we dealt with similar cases with the Germans except I believe one of the passengers was too late to get on the plane
But that 's how dead people are
It 's all gone, it 's too late
How is this plane going to fly? Of course, drones, old trick.
The plane doesn 't fly, never fly
The whole project is cancelled
The terrorist cell has learned that we know there is a bomb on the plane
Can 't fool them now
We all lose
A small e-mail plan over the years . . .
That 's it, your DoD officer
That 's enough
A lonely naive man desperate to show off plus a woman who knows how to make him think he 's extraordinary
You should filter DOD employees more carefully
I 'm not talking about Sherlock, the Defense Department officer, I 'm talking about you
a distressed woman
Are you really that easy to see through in the end?
Because it 's cliché
The hope of love, the pain of loss
Joy of Lost and Found and then give him a puzzle
Watch him perform stunts
- Don 't bullshit - bullshit?
How much time did you spend cracking her emails?
A full minute?
Or are you really in a hurry to show off your skills?
I think it 's less than five seconds
I let you meet her
Sorry, I didn 't expect this
Mr. Holmes, I think we have something to say
I think so too. There are layers I haven 't quite figured out yet.
It 's not you, the little one doesn 't need you now
There are many, many more
The secrets, photos and scandals on my phone could turn your whole world upside down
You can 't imagine how much damage I can cause There 's only one way to stop me
Unless you 're going to tell your master that your biggest security hole is your brother
We have someone who can disassemble this thing
I tested this claim for you
I let Sherlock Holmes try for six months
Sherlock darling, tell him what you found when you X-rayed my camera phone
Four additional sets of devices are connected to the case
I suspect acid or a small amount of dynamite in it
Any attempt to open the case will burn the hard drive
Dynamite, more like me
Some data can be recovered forever
despite the risk
User password is required to boot
I 'm very sorry to say that we have someone who can ask you for the password
Sherlock?
The phone has two sets of passwords, one to open the phone and the other to burn the hard drive.
There 's no way of knowing which one she gave, even under duress, and there 's no need to try again
He 's very good, isn 't he?
I should have tied him up long ago
Seriously, I might do
Then destroy this and no one can get the information.
nice and good idea
Unless the material you 're going to burn is life or death for a British citizen
Yeah?
Telling you equals fair play
i don 't play anymore
These are my requirements and some ways to keep me safe once agreed
I want to say that it will not cause a big hole in the national wealth.
But it 's a lie to say that, I think you need to think about it
thank you, yes
What a pity
Arrange now
you are thorough
If only our people were half as good as you
Not entirely my credit, someone helped a little
Greetings from Jim Moriarty
Yes, he has contacted me
Seems to be desperate for my attention I 'm sure it can be arranged
I have so much information and I don 't know what to do
Fortunately, there is this consultant criminal
Kindly show me how to play Sherlock Holmes
Know what he calls you two?
Iceman . . .
I don 't even ask for anything in return with a virgin I think he just likes to smack that 's the man I like
He made you the queen who brought a nation to its knees
beautifully done
no
What did you say? I said 'no'
It seems to be successful, but unfortunately it is a failure
you overplayed
This game is too precise and you 're dizzy
I didn 't get dizzy
It 's okay to enjoy the excitement
Desire for the fun of the game I feel completely the same but emotional?
Emotions are the chemical flaw of the loser
emotion? what are you saying?
say you my god
look at this poor bastard
You don 't really think I 'm interested in you, do you?
Why? Because you are the great Sherlock Holmes
The smart detective in the weird hat doesn 't
 'Cause I 've taken your pulse
rapid pulse
your pupils dilate
I think John Watson thinks I don 't know what it is but the chemistry is easy to understand and destructive
When we first met, you said it was always a self-portrait in disguise. You were absolutely right. The code to the safe was your measurements.
But this is much more private. It 's your heart. Don 't let it rule your mind.
You could have picked a random number and left here today with everything you 've earned
But you just can 't resist, can you?
I always assumed love was a dangerous disadvantage
Thank you for giving me the final proof
I didn 't say a word of truth
just playing the game
I know
now you lose
(I 'm locked by Sherlock)
Leave it to you, bro, hope this will make up for any inconvenience I may have tonight
sure
If you 're kind, lock her up or let her go
I wonder how long she 'll live without her talisman
Are you waiting for me to ask for mercy?
right
please
you 're right
I don 't live to live more than six months
sorry we can 't eat together
you don 't smoke
I also don 't frequent cafes
Is it the Erin Adler file?
keep forever
I 'm going to go up and tell my brother or if you want, it 's up to you to say she got herself into a witness protection program in the US
new name, new identity
She 'll live well clothed but he 'll never see her again
Why does he care about this?
He finally dismissed her
Don 't even want to mention her name just say 'that woman'
That 's disgust . . .
Or praise?
Unique, the only woman who matters
he 's not that kind of person
He doesn 't feel that way, I don 't think so
my brother has the mind of a scientist or a philosopher
But choosing to be a detective, can we guess what he was thinking?
I have no idea
I do not know either
But he originally wanted to be a pirate
He 's supposed to accept the witness protection program and he 'll be fine if he never sees her again
I agree
That 's why I decided to tell him this
if not?
she died
Two months ago in Karachi, he was captured by a terrorist grassroots group and beheaded on the spot.
Are you sure it 's her? she has a criminal record
This time I checked thoroughly
It takes Sherlock Holmes to fool me. I don 't think he 's out, right?
So. . .
What should we tell Sherlock?
Obviously you have news to say
If it 's Ritz 's three murders
Did the gardener do it and nobody noticed that earring?
no. . .
It 's Erin Adler 's message
Oh?
Is something wrong? she is back?
No, she . . . I just met Mycroft downstairs
he 's on the phone
- She 's back in London? - no
she. . .
she is in usa
America?
Join a Witness Protection Program
Not sure how she got it, but . . . - you know - what do I know?

you 'll never see her again
Why should I see her again?
I didn 't say you wanted to see her
Is that her file?
Yes, I was just about to give it back to Mycroft
- do you want? - No
Listen, actually... .
But I want that camera phone
Nothing on it, hard drive removed
I know, but I still want
I have to give this back to Mycroft, you can 't keep it
Sherlock I have to take this to Mycroft now it 's owned by the government, I can 't . . .
Confidence
thanks
- I 'd better take it back to him- yeah
Did she text you again? After all that happened?
Posted a few months ago
what does she say?
Goodbye, Mr. Holmes
(Goodbye, Mr. Holmes)
(Goodbye, Mr. Holmes)
(Goodbye, Mr. Holmes)
(Send SMS)
I ran as soon as I said 'run'
that woman
special woman
