 Previously on " The Originals " ... I assume I have the misfortune of speaking to my mother .

 I have come to heal our family .
 She 'd prefer to place us all in new bodies .
 Take the body of a mortal and all be happy again .
 It is time you bring Camille in .
 There 's no need for this .
 My sons have taken quite the liking to you .
 [ Chanting ]
 Proud werewolves on a witch 's leash .
 I hope those rings you 're wearing are worth it .
 You 're gonna like me , Davina Claire , and I 'm gonna let you pretend a while that you don 't already .
 Esther : When he wakes , he 'll make his own decision .
 Klaus : You declared war when you came after my family .
 You don 't understand .
 Slap them on a witch , can 't do magic as long as they 're on .
 Kidnapping . Rather unpleasant way to begin a family reunion .

 Well , wait until you see how we end it .
 [ Child giggling ]
 We arrive into this world as innocents , wide- eyed , vulnerable .
 Klaus :
 It is the job of our parents to nurture and protect us .
 Unfortunately , our own parents failed miserably at even the most basic of parental tasks , but we are not beholden to the past they created for us .

 Today , a new future awaits .
 Forget your animosity toward Elijah and myself , and instead join us against she who truly deserves your ire ... our mother .
 Do this , and we will welcome you with open arms .
 But if you continue to oppose us , a denial of pastries will be the least of your concerns .
 If you all you wanted was my allegiance against mother dearest , you should have said so , save me a night shackled to the wall .
 This was Niklaus .
 My recommendation was to remove your limbs one by one until you comply .
 We 've ... we 've no desire to torture you , provided you vow to stand beside us as brothers .
 Heh .
 Brothers ?
 Does that word even apply to us after all these centuries of betrayal , and is loyalty to you ever really rewarded ?
 If so , tell me Niklaus , where is our sister Rebekah ?
 She was blindly loyal to you for a thousand years , and now nowhere to be found .
 Where did our sister go , and how did she escape your vile machinations ?
 Heh .
 You think me vile ?
 Well , what then , do you make of the one who cursed us ?
 She was trying to make you mortal again , and you both refused her .
 Only proves how far you 've fallen , but I expect Rebekah will have a different response to her proposal .
 See , unlike the two of you , she always did cling to her humanity .
 Rebekah 's off limits , too .
 You pursue her , and you will suffer .
 Klaus : Do not let him goad you , Elijah .
 Neither he nor Esther will find Rebekah unless she wants to be found , and she does not .
 Esther is quite determined .
 She 's been searching for Rebekah since the day she returned .
 [ Birds fluttering , screeching ]
 I imagine it 's only a matter of time .



 I enjoy a good bloodletting as much as anyone , but our brothers have power , as well as knowledge of Esther 's plans .
 We need them alive .
 Can you imagine what they would do to Rebekah , to Hope ?
 Rebekah has been cloaked by powerful magic .
 Focus on the task at hand .
 We need to persuade our brothers .
 I 'm through with persuasion .
 Has the earth shifted on its axis , you needing restraint from me ?
 [ Cell phone ringing ]
 It 's me . I have the baby , and we 're on the run .
 Esther found us .
 We 're safe for now .
 I 've lost her bloody starlings , but I have no idea where to go .
 Tell her to head west .
 I 'll call Hayley .
 Do not tell Hayley .
 Esther 's too smart for that .
 The only advantage that we have is that she thinks the baby died .
 Text me with plans .
 Go . I 'll take care of Kol and Finn .
 Splendid , and in your hands , I assume they 'll be dead by nightfall .
 I will show restraint . Hope needs her father .
 What she needs , what ... what we need are allies to help us defeat our mother .
 Finn and Kol must be turned to our side .
 Without their help , there will be nowhere left for Hope to run .
 Klaus , you child .
 I have waited months to see my daughter .
 I can wait one more day .
 Elijah .
 Do whatever it takes to keep her safe .
 I give you my word .
 Wolves are freaking out .
 They know it had to be an insider who took down Vincent last night , seeing as no one could have been anywhere near him .
 Anybody suspect it was you ?
 No , not yet , but they 're gonna figure it out , which pretty much means I 'm screwed unless we come up with a plan .
 Call a meeting , the whole pack tonight .
 If they 're so scared , now 's the perfect time to convince them they need to ditch Esther .
 She gave them moonlight rings .
 Well , those rings make you slaves .
 No . They make us powerful .
 We were exiles before , but now we run the city .
 The vampires are scared of us , and no one , including me is just gonna walk away from that because ... set the damn meeting .

 So are you gonna work on a rousing speech or just get day drunk ?
 Little bit of both .
 Jack , it 's 10 A. M.
 You know , for months , I wrote down every single word Ansel said , the entire history of our people .
 If only I 'd know he was Klaus ' father ,
 I would have asked him a hell of a lot more .
 You know , I was up all night looking through this , trying to find something , anything that will help me figure out how to get the people back together .
 Let me guess ... no such luck .
 Nothing viable .
 And now Ansel 's dead along with Ollie , so forgive me if I need a beer because right now ,
 I can use all the help I can get .
 Davina : I screwed up , you guys .
 I was with Kaleb last night , and he took the white oak stake when I was asleep .
 I ... I 'm sorry . I never should have trusted him .
 Kol doesn 't have the stake .
 Klaus does . Matter of fact ,
 Klaus has Kol , too .
 What ? How is that possible ?
 D , I 'm the one who took him .
 I saw an opportunity , and I wasn 't gonna pass it up , and trust me ... we are all safer this way .
 Not Kaleb . Klaus will kill him .
 His name isn 't Kaleb .
 It 's Kol , and Klaus has had a thousand years to kill him , and he hasn 't , so worry less about him and more about yourself .
 All right . This guy is not your friend .
 He wants to use you to get his own way .
 You don 't know him like I do .
 I know him better than you do .
 Now I 'm sorry I had to go behind your back , and I hate lying to you , I really do , but believe me , this is for your own good .
 I got to take care of some business , all right ?
 Stick with Josh .
 Everything 's gonna be ok .
 Elijah 's off his bloody rocker .
 We need to get out of here .
 Are you gonna help me or what ?
 If you were a little more clever , you would recognize that there 's opportunity in our current circumstances .
 Opportunity to what , get a beating ?
 Gentlemen , I apologize for keeping you waiting .
 Good news is I have returned with an old friend , someone who wants to say hello .
 Hello .
 How 's it going , fellas ?
 Ah , you again .
 You ever get bored of getting bullied by my brother ?
 Oh , I volunteered for this .
 - Did you ? - Yeah .
 The way I see it , you have it coming .
 First , you messed with Davina .
 Now I hear you want to drag Rebekah into all this .
 Uh- uh . Not happening .
 Well , I 'd prefer you both to join me against our mother , but I 'll happily settle for one or the other .
 Either way , if you continue to defy me , your lives will be reduced to an unending sequence of agonizing torture .
 So ...
 Which is it to be ?
 I 've got to say I 'm gonna enjoy this .
 Out of the whole twisted family ... sit down ... you are the one that I like the least .
 Well , there 's a pretty young lady who disagrees with that opinion .
 Yeah ?
 Then let me make myself perfectly clear .
 You go near Davina , and I 'm gonna cut off parts of you that you 'd rather keep .
 Ahh . More threats . How bloody inventive .
 Thing is , Klaus needs me , so that backs you into a bit of a corner , doesn 't it ?
 Well , until we get rid of your mom .
 I wonder what happens then .
 Well , Klaus might not need me when mother 's gone , but you might .
 Come on , Marcel . You were king of the city once .
 You really think he 's just gonna give it back to you ?
 You always got an angle , don 't you ?
 You see , individually , we can 't do anything , but together , well , Klaus wouldn 't stand a chance .
 Probably not , but then I 'd have to trust you , and I don 't .
 At least with Klaus , I know exactly what I 'm getting .
 I thought you had more fortitude , Marcellus .
 You disappoint me .
 Nobody cares for your opinion .
 Klaus just wants to know what you 're up to .
 Tell me everything , maybe you 'll get to live .
 If not ...
 Aah !
 Josh : For the record , yes , I knew what
 Marcel was up to , and you can hate me if you want to ...
 I don 't hate you , Josh .
 I 'm just sick of worrying about you and Marcel , and most of all ,
 I am tired of Klaus always being in the middle of it .
 You know , every time I try to stand up to him ... it hasn 't worked out so well .
 Yeah . Well , failure , party of two .
 You seem to be doing all right .
 Uh , yeah , except that every werewolf in town is trying to kill me .
 Well , except for the superhot one that I 'm sort of dating , but that 's got its own problems , though .
 It 's kind of a , uh , Romeo and Romeo thing .
 And how hot is this Romeo ?
 Well ...
 Pretty hot !
 Definitely worth the drama .
 Yeah .
 Invite him over .
 Yeah . I want to meet him .
 Come on . Do it .
 [ Humming ]
 Do you think our mother is even the least bit concerned for your well- being ?
 She knows I don 't need rescuing .
 Hmm ?
 Ehh .
 You can toy with me all you want , Niklaus , but you 've had innumerable opportunities to kill me .
 But I didn 't , did I ?
 Finn , I understand your devotion to her .
 She must have clung to you with desperate need after our sister Freya died , making you believe it was your responsibility to care for her always and forever , hmm , a burden which you accepted without question because you were a good son .




 Small children lack the capacity to question their parents , but you 're a man now , Finn .
 Is that the extent of your argument ?
 I 'm a man now , so I should join your wretched cause ?
 Is it not better to join me than spend the remainder of your mortal life aligned to a woman who always manipulated you ?
 Brother , I offer you the opportunity to free yourself .
 Side with me , and I will give you the life she never once offered , a chance to choose your own path .
 The choice is yours , brother .
 You want to stop playing mountain man and explain why you kept this from me ?
 Hayley :
 [ Sighs ]
 Why don 't I jog your memory ?
 " The werewolf 's power can be traced back to the myth of the unification ceremony , a ritual that bestowed certain unique abilities onto every member of the pack . "

 Do you believe this ?
 I didn 't at first , and then Ansel swore he saw it with his own eyes , and then he dies , and I find out he 's resurrected from a thousand years ago , which means he was alive to see it .


 How did I not know about this ?
 You didn 't grow up out here .
 Every kid grows up hearing the stories .
 Back in the day , werewolf bloodlines were all distinct , right ?
 Some had speed , some had strength , some could sense enemies from miles away .
 Now to evolve , you would perform a ritual .
 A shaman would marry the alphas of each bloodline , and then the special abilities of each would be inherited mystically by everyone who participated in the ritual .

 See , after a few centuries , everybody had the same abilities , so Alpha marriages became political .
 They became about power , about territory .
 But I have a unique ability .
 Because I 'm a hybrid , I can control when I change , so if this mystical marriage thing works , then our people get my power , and they can ditch the rings , which means Esther no longer has a hold over them .


 Jack , this is exactly the answer that we 've been looking for .
 Let 's find a shaman , we 'll say some vows .
 Hell , we 'll make it a party .
 It ain 't just a party .
 If the vows ain 't honored , it doesn 't work .
 It 's got to be a real marriage in every way for the rest of our lives .
 Are you up for that ?
 Uh ...
 Didn 't think so .
 [ Cell phone vibrating ]
 Hayley , hey . What 's up ?
 I need a favor .
 Are you sure you 're ok ?
 Yeah . I must just be coming down with something .
 I 'm sorry to drag you out of bed for this .
 Please .
 You just discovered an ancient marriage ritual with pretty drastic supernatural and personal implications .
 The least I could do is get out of bed .
 So this is everything I found in my uncle 's files about werewolf ceremonies and rituals .
 Mostly it sounds like old folklore and fables .
 But I 'm guessing you 're not here looking for some kind of proof .
 I don 't know what I 'm looking for .
 Not to pry , but does Jackson have any answers ?
 He doesn 't even want to talk about it .
 He doesn 't even want to put me in this position .
 He 's a good , decent guy , if those even exist anymore .
 And I 'm assuming he knows about Elijah .
 Elijah and I have barely spoken since I became a hybrid , but still he is ...
 Under your skin .
 Ahem . Well , there 's no right answer to this .
 You just have to figure out what 's best for you , and think long and hard about your decision because you 're the one who 's going to have to live with it .
 No pressure .
 Hey . What 's that on your back ?
 [ Music playing ]
 Nice music . Girl 's got taste .
 Oh , please . That was my call .
 She wanted Puccini .
 Ha ha ha !
 You must be Aiden ... supercool , superhandsome ...
 Werewolf traitor .
 I 'm sorry . That was a dumb joke .
 Uh , hey . I was gonna go order some food .
 Do you like Thai ?
 Uh , sure .
 Great .
 That wasn 't planned at all , was it ?
 Nope .
 Hey . You ok ?
 The " werewolf traitor " thing , is there more trouble with your pack people ?
 Guess we 'll find out soon enough .
 I actually called a meeting tonight for Hayley and Jackson , so one way or another , it 's all coming to a head .
 You know , those people look up to you .
 I mean , trust me . I 've seen you in action .
 You 're a badass .
 So just go in there and tell them what 's what .
 I 'm not the Alpha .
 No , but Jackson is , and the pack respects both of you , so if you stand with him , they will listen .

 One thing I learned from Marcel ...
 Hmm ?
 Loyalty sends a powerful message , and hey , look .
 If you get nervous or , like , need a vote of confidence or whatever , just remember that , uh ...
 I think you 're pretty amazing .
 [ Music continues ]
 I 'm a little surprised we don 't hear clapping right now .
 Yeah . Totally .
 Hey , Davina .
 You can come down now .
 Davina .
 [ Chanting ]
 [ Panting ]
 We can deep doing this as long as you want , or ...
 I can kill you now and turn you into a brand- new baby vampire .
 Go on . Do it .
 My mother 's got plans for me whether I like it or not .
 If I die , she 'll just pop me into another body , not that my family will care that much if the death was permanent .
 What are you really up to , hmm , and what 's it got to do with Davina ?
 You 're afraid I 'm gonna break her little heart .
 That 's downright paternal of you , Marcel .
 Easy , Marcel , easy .
 Let 's give Kol a little longer to decide before we lop off his head , hmm ?
 Comments like that ... he already thinks that you don 't care .
 Is that so , brother ?
 You only daggered me a dozen times .
 You always cared more for Marcel than you did for me .
 Well , I didn 't realize I 'd hurt your feelings .
 Well , that 's the thing , isn 't it , Nik ?
 You don 't know squat about me .
 Klaus : Ah , but thanks to Marcel ,
 I know all I need to .
 You 're desperate to be a part of this family , aren 't you ?
 All of your mischief was just attempts for attention .
 You know , the truth is , Kol , you 're right to feel slighted .
 I mean that .
 You 're right , but perhaps there 's still time to make it up to you .
 [ Music playing ]
 [ Cell phone vibrating ]
 Voice : You have reached the voice mailbox of ...
 [ music playing ]
 Tell me ...
 Has there been anyone out of the ordinary here today ?
 Just you .
 Oh ! I am so sorry . Let me ...
 That 's quite all right .
 Thank you .
 Tsk .
 Esther : I told you to clean yourself up ...
 Aah !
 That if you were clean , no one would know what you aree , what you 've done .
 Klaus :
 So , brother , ready to embrace your new life of freedom ?
 I 'm already free , brother .
 You 're aware our mother cares nothing for you ?
 Niklaus , I assure you , my mother loves me .
 She loves all of her children .
 We would not exist without her sacrifice .
 Do you even know the truth , that she was barren , and she grew so desperate for a family that she begged one of the most powerful witches in history for help , her sister Dahlia .



 Of course , Dahlia 's price was high .
 She agreed to make our mother fertile , but in exchange , she sought the firstborn as sacrifice .
 Having no other choice ... our mother gave away our beloved Freya .
 Our sister died of plague .
 Esther gave her away .
 Think about that , the pain , the grief .
 If you what you say is true , than death is far too delicate a fate for her .
 She loves us more than you realize .
 And is love the reason she wanted my child dead ?
 She was trying to protect you from Dahlia 's curse .
 What curse ? !
 Dahlia demanded the firstborn of every generation .
 Had your child lived , she would have paid the price , and if anyone had tried to protect her ,
 Dahlia would come and destroy us all .
 [ Hope gurgles ]
 Look at you .
 So big , so perfect .
 I can 't imagine the joy of spending every day with her .
 It 's ...
 Quite lovely .
 Feels so human .
 Yes . Some would argue the most human of experiences .
 I know I have to give her back to Hayley when the time is right , but she 's made me realize how much
 I want that child of my own that I know I can 't have .
 A lovely dream .
 Unfortunately , it 's one that 's just beyond our reach , considering the curse of our existence .
 Seems Esther 's attacking with her usual fervor .
 Yes . Mother tortured me for days with memories
 I thought I 'd buried long ago .
 Then she made an offer to make us all mortal again .
 You see , sister , mother believes that by placing us in new bodies we could then reclaim some kind of purity , even begin families of our own again .

 And I have to confess , Rebekah , this invitation , however cruel the delivery , had a certain kind of ... appeal .
 [ Hope gurgling ]
 You needn 't worry .
 We 're safe .
 [ Hope crying ]
 Looks like this little one needs her diaper changed .
 Here , my love .
 [ Gasps ]
 Klaus : I 'm done leaving messages , Elijah .
 To say this is urgent would be a gross understatement .
 We need to speak immediately .
 I was wondering whether you 'd show up .
 I 'm afraid I 'm not done torturing your darling Kol .
 You best run along while you still can .
 I 'm not going anywhere , Klaus .
 Marcel : Whoa . D , today is not the day .
 Actually , I think it is .
 [ Neck snaps ]
 Looks like it 's just you and me now .
 I know you 're angry and scared , but we are a pack , no matter what .
 You 've been checked out for months .
 Why should we listen to you ?
 Aiden : Because he 's the Alpha .
 You got a problem with that ?
 Hayley : I want to hear what Jackson has to say .
 This is a pack meeting .
 You 're not one of us anymore .
 No ?
 I am still a wolf , and I didn 't need any magical rings to control when or how I change .
 You want the same ? Then sit down , shut up , and listen .

 Klaus : You forget yourself .
 You 're not as powerful as you once were , harvest girl .
 Doesn 't mean I can 't still kick your ass .
 Such hubris , and from one who bleeds so easily .
 Unh .
 You talk such a big game , but you couldn 't even kill Mikael when you had the chance .
 He was right about you , you know ?
 You 're weak .
 Aah !
 Aah !
 [ Gagging ]
 It 's impressive .
 What exactly did you do to him ?
 Channeled dark objects , turned my blood to poison .
 How did you get free ?
 Oh , it 's a long story .
 Better question is if he 's not dead , then what are you gonna do when he recovers ?
 We have an hour , maybe less , enough time to chain him , bleed him , dump him in the river .
 That 's a bit harsh , isn 't it ?
 Since when do you care what happens to Klaus ?
 [ Marcel groans ]
 Kol is with us now .
 We 're gonna be going up against Esther , assuming Klaus is upright .
 Look . Nik ... he 's a pain in the ass , but , well , she 's a problem for us all .

 Klaus is the problem .
 I don 't give a damn what happens to Esther .
 Cami : Yeah ? Well , I sure do .
 Should I even ask ?
 Cami , you should go . It 's not safe .
 No kidding .
 I woke up with puncture wounds all up and down my spine and no idea how they got there .
 According to my uncle 's files , they 're a part of this ancient spell , and I don 't know about you guys , but when I see " ancient " and " spell " in the same sentence ,


 I think Esther .
 Hayley : You all need help , and you know it .
 Now whatever it is that you think of me ,
 I was born a Crescent .
 I 'm the last of the Labonair line , which makes me an Alpha .
 Jackson is your Alpha .
 Now I don 't know how many of you bought the story you grew up with , the unification myth .
 Well , it is all true .
 Which means if Jackson and I get married , anyone with the guts to turn up to the ceremony has as much control over their wolf form as I do .
 [ Indistinct chatter ]
 Hayley , what are you doing ?
 What needs to be done .
 This isn 't just about uniting our pack .
 It 's about forming a new community .
 This ceremony will change everything for us .
 It will give us the strength we need to defend ourselves .
 Then and only then will we finally have peace .
 The choice is yours .
 Keep the rings and be somebody 's bitch , or be part of the greatest pack that ever lived .
 I 'm in .
 [ Clatter ]
 Yeah , that 's mum 's work all right .
 She must have wiped your memory .
 Not the first time that 's been done by a member of this family .
 What does it mean ?
 It 's a byproduct of a preparation spell .
 Preparation for what ?
 To make her a vessel .
 He means Esther prepared your body for someone to jump into .
 Likely herself . I mean , knowing mother .
 Where 's Vincent ?
 [ Footsteps ]
 Why me out of everyone in this city ?
 Because you 're perfect ... healthy , beautiful , smart , and alone .
 No one would question any personality changes , and as I discovered from our sessions ,
 Niklaus would never allow you to be harmed .
 Fix this .
 Do something to stop it .
 I can 't . Only my mother can .
 I will step in front of a moving truck before I let your mother take over my body .
 She wasn 't preparing you for herself , Cami .
 She was preparing you for Rebekah .
 [ Hope crying ]
 Well , she is all sorted and ready for an adventure .
 Aren 't you , luv ?
 It 's difficult to believe we were all this innocent once .
 We mustn 't let the world ever hurt her .
 You 're right . We mustn 't .
 [ Crack ]
 How long do I have ?
 Well , now that Esther knows where Rebekah 's hiding , not long .
 The only way to stop it is to stop her .
 Then let 's do this .
 Marcel 's a vampire , you both are powerful witches .
 Esther 's stronger than anything I 've ever seen .
 We go up against her , we 're gonna need Klaus .
 No . No . We can do this without him .
 I 'm never gonna say this again , but Marcel 's right .
 We do need the bastard .
 Davina ...
 I know this is asking a lot , but please .
 [ Chanting ]
 [ Gasps ]
 [ Groans ]
 What did you do to me ?
 All you need to know is that I beat you again .
 And yet you relented , which means you need me .
 Did I really lose ?
 I 'm sorry I sprung that on you .
 You know , I always thought it would be me popping the question instead of being the one put on the spot .
 Are you sure you want to do this ?
 Are you ?
 I knw you 're only doing this to help our people , but I promise I will be a good husband to you .
 Look .
 Hayley Marshall , will you marry me ?
 No ring ?
 Heh heh .
 Quite nice of you coming to my rescue like that .
 You know , it 's a good thing you didn 't actually steal the stake from me , or I 'd have been the one torturing you .
 That mean you trust me now ?
 Provided you 're not busy concocting a new paralytic to use against me ,
 Klaus :
 I 'd like a word with my brother .
 Well , to be honest , I can 't stand being around you anyway .
 For the record , didn 't know a bloody thing about mother 's plan for Cami , I swear .
 Well , I think I can judge for myself which of her schemes she would entrust to you and which she would not .
 I believe this was Finn 's task .
 And where , pray tell , is he now ?
 He 's waiting uncomfortably for me to return and deliver his punishment .
 Pass the beignets , would you ?
 Now it 's only a matter of time before mother gets bored of waiting for you to let us go .
 Well , Finn at least .
 Don 't expect she 'd care if I never came home .
 A mother cares for her children , a monster does not .
 Once you accept she is the latter , you 'll stop expecting the former .
 And despite what you might think , Kol ,
 I did mourn you after your death , and I did attempt to avenge you .
 I would do nothing less because we are brothers always and forever .
 [ Cell phone ringing ]
 Excuse me .
 Where have you been ?
 Rebekah : Nik , it 's me . Something 's wrong .
 Elijah slaughtered a dozen people whose only sin was their terrible taste in food .
 I mean , when have you known him to kill when he can otherwise compel ?
 It 's the kind of act that will draw our mother 's attention .
 Her torture must have affected him more deeply than I realized .
 Where is he now ?
 I broke his neck to keep us safe , but I have no clue what to do next .
 Do you recall where we dined the Christmas after we fled Mikael ?
 Of course .
 Go there now .
 If you enjoyed last night 's activities , then you 're in for a treat .
 Klaus , listen to me . Our mother ...
 Not another word .
 No more fairytales about witches an curses .
 If it 's a fairytale , then why do I see fear in your eyes ?
 Marcel !
 Bring it in .
 No .
 No , Niklaus .
 Oh , don 't worry , brother .
 I made some air holes , small ones .
 Aah !
 Aah !
 [ Music playing ]
 Klaus , have you seen Elijah ?
 There 's something I need to tell you both .
 You can tell me on the way .
 What ? Where are we going ?
 To see our daughter .
 - synced and corrected by chamallow - - www . addic7ed . com -
