0 0 : 0 0 : 0 4 , 3 3 7 - -&gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 0 6 , 8 3 7 It feels so good to be back to nature I t ' snicetogetbacktonature . I should have seen more W hydon  't I dothismoreoften ?


This forest is so beautiful Whatabeautifulforest .

Hello little butterfly Hello , littlebutterfly .
What 's your name . . . What  ' syourna . . . What are you doing?
W h a t c h a   d o i n g ?
I was enjoying virtual reality I wasenjoying somevirtua lreality , and your real face ruined it all untilyouruineditwithy ouractualface .
What does it smell like? Whatam I smelling ?
This is the air freshener Oh , it  ' scarairfreshener .
I was simulating the smell of the forest. I wassimulating the smell of the forest.
Forest is not this taste T hat  ' snotwhattheforestsmel lslike .
How would I know? Well , how would I know ?
Why are you pretending to be out? W hyareyoupretendingtob eoutdoors ?
You don 't like Youhateit.


A my showed me a study A myshowedmeacompelling study that said being in the wild thatdemonstratedtheco gnitivebenefit had cognitive benefits ofspendingtimeinthewi lderness.
Buddy if you want to B uddy , I amreadytodriveyou I will drive you to the wild into the wilderness anyt imeyouwant and leave you there and leaveyouthere .
You 're joking but some subjects Well , makeyourjokes , but some of the participa nts whospent four days in the woodsaway from alltechnology came back to find their reasoning ability increased by fifty percent reporteda 5 0 % gaininreasoningskills upontheirreturn .
If that 's true how come there are no genius squirrels in the world? O kay , ifthat  ' strue , whyaren  ' ttheremoregeniussquir rels ?
I see you need this more than I do.
* The universe was once hot and dense* * O urwholeuniverse wasina hot , densestate * * 14 billion years ago finally exploded . . . wait and see! * * T hennearly 1 4 billionyearsagoexpans ionstarted . . . W ait !*
* The earth is starting to cool down * * T he E arthbegantocool * * Autotrophs coax cavemen to invent tools * * T heautotrophsbegantodr ool , Neanderthalsdevelopedt ools * * We build the Great Wall and we build the pyramids * * We ebuiltthe Wall all * * We ebuiltthepyramids *
*Math , Science , History , unravelingthemystery *
*It all started with a big bang* *T hatallstartedwithabig bang*
The Big Bang Theory Season 9 Episode 20 - - = = Holy City Home SCG Subtitle Group http : / / hdscg . com / = = - - For translation and communication use only, no commercial use Proofreading :
UUUUUU
Translation: Xiao Huang is not Xiao Huang Infinite Moon Reading Translation:
AU Wei Li XiaobaoLi icht
Your tea Here ' syourtea .
Oh! Oh!
People are sitting on the wood, don 't sneak in and scare people D onotsneakuponaguywhen he  ' ssittingonalog .
If you really want to see nature Youknow , ifyoureallywanttobein nature , why don 't we rent a cabin in the woods? whydon  ' twerentacabin ?
Excuse me when did you come? I . . . Look , I  ' msorry , whendidyouevengethere ?
I . . .
There 's a doctor Youknow that I work with, there  ' sacabinin Big Bear who has been letting me live in a cabin in Big Bear thatadoctor I workwithkeepsoffering me.
Is he trying to chase you? B ecausehe  ' shittingonyou ?
is a female S he .
Ok Oh , good .
But I can definitely flirt with her But I couldgether .
We can go together on the weekend. We should all go for the week end .
It 's sure to be fun it 'llbefun.
ok . . . you wait Yeah . . . E xcuseme .
Let me find out what 'fun' means. Come to me here, lookup ' fun , ' getbacktome .
We could still go on a weekend, Youand I couldstillgoandhavean iceweekend.
OK Sure .
S heldon ah let 's go with them C omeon , S heldon , let  ' sgowiththem .
Absolutely not I hardly thinkso .
You don 't forget Youbesureandsayhello toallthemosquitoes , bees , bears , snakes , possums and poison sumac possums , poisonoak ,
Oh and it 's not over yet and there are youngsters playing the guitar oh , andlast , butnotleast , teenagerswithguitars .
I asked to see if the house was vacant I  'llseeifit  ' savailable .
If that study is correct, Youknow , ifthatstudy  ' sreal ,
L eonard might be smarter than you when he comes back L eonardmightcomebacksm arterthanyou .
- Are you trying to manipulate me? - Yes - A reyoutryingtomanipula teme ?
-   Y e s .
Well done you made it We lldone , itworked , we  ' regoing .
好 ! And alas!
Please Raj C omeon , Raj ,
give me the bag givemeabag .
No, no, you 're all pregnant No , no , you  ' repregnant .
You just need to be at ease Theonlythingyoucarry with our hope for the future isourhopeforabetterto morrow .
Hey where have you been? Hey, whereyoubeen?
Uh R aj took me to see the obstetrician U h , R ajtookmetothebabydoct or then we went shopping for a while and then weswungbythegr ocerystore .
Did you buy cookies? Didyougetgrahamcrackers?
I said . . . I. . . Is the fetus okay? I mean , are . . . what . . . isthebabyokay ?
Bought Yesandyes fortunately.

I didn 't even know you needed help today I didn  ' tknowyouneededhelprun ningerrandstoday .
I didn 't need R aj 's help, but R ajvolunteered .
Really? Really?
Yeah after you told him I was pregnant Y eah , eversinceyoutoldhim I waspregnant , he was always positive about me he  ' sreallybeenmakingafus soverme .
Why is he so nice Oh .
W e l l ,   I   g u e s s   t h a t ' s   k i n d   o f   s w e e t .
Bernie I just sent you a list of the top five Lactation Consultants in Los Angeles of the top five Lactation Consultants in Los Angeles, I justforwardedyoualist.
I have already selected I knowmyfavorite , but I would like to hear your opinion but I  ' dlovetohearwhatyouthi nk .
Feeling a little weird now A nditjustgotweird.
Hey A my go downstairs Hey .
A m y ' s   d o w n s t a i r s .
Well wait O kay , onesec .
Uh . . . what are you? U h , what . . . whatyougotgoin  ' onhere ?
I bought a baseball cap I bought abaseballcap .
I can see that out.
Which team is it from? What team did youget ?
Uh it 's U h , H ufflepuff , from Harry Potter from Harry Potter.
Well, we 're in the woods anyway Well, we 'llbeinthewoods.
I 'm ready I 'mreadytogo.
Do you have anything to say to him? A nythingyou  ' dliketosaytohim ?
S heldon hat is nice N icehat , S heldon .
Thank you Thanks .
Why are you being so mean to me? Why hyareyousomeantome ?


What are you watching? What thehellareyouwatching ?
R aj found me some videos of women giving birth R ajfoundallthesechildb irthvideosonline .
This passage is of a woman giving birth in the river T hisoneisofawomangivin gbirthinariver .
That 's the O kay I 've seen in my life, thatistheleast J ewishthing
The Most Unconventional Thing I 'veeverseeninmylife .
Do you think R aj is too enthusiastic about these kids Youfeellike R ajisgettingalittlecar riedaway? withallthebabystuff?
I don 't think I don 'tthinkso.
He just wanted to get involved in He justwantstobepartoft heexperience .
Well if you think so A llright , ifyousayso .
What 's in the box? What  ' sinthebox ?
Oh , it  ' sanultrasonicmicrophone sowecanhearthebaby  ' sheartbeat .
Oh Oh .
Not bad T hat  ' scool .
Want to try it? C anwetryit ?
Actually it was actually ordered by Raj, Rajorderedit.
He made me promise to try Hemademepromisetowaitt illhewashere when he comes.
So he can . . . Sohecanbe . . . get involved? partoftheexperience ?
Yes Yeah.
It really surprised me that he allowed us not to call him when we were pregnant I  ' msurprisedheletusconc eivewithouthim .
I t  ' sasorespot . . . don  ' tbringitup .
The air is so fresh and beautiful here I t  ' ssocuteandrusticuper e .
Yeah I know .
Did you see they also have a place to rent videotapes? Didyouseetheystillhave a videorentalplace? Looks like Williamsburg it 'slike Colonial Williamsburg.
Uh . . . Well . . . the cellphone signal is only one bar cellserviceisdowntoon ebar ,
if anyone needs medical care soifanyoneneedsmedica attention
or tell a stranger that his political views are stupid ortotellastrangerthei rpoliticalviewsarestu pid ,
After this village there is no such shop now  ' sthetime .
Have you ever been offline? H aveyoueverbeenofftheg ridbefore ?
There was once .
The battery on my phone is dead Thebatteryranoutonmyph one .
And i PAD is turning on again I hadtowaitformyi P adtoturnon .
I am so afraid he will eat me I wasafraidhewasgonnaea tme .
Raj is parking Rajjustpulledup .
I have to tell him about I 'mgonnasaysomethingtoh im .
Let him be. He is kind. L eaveitalone.
H e   m e a n s   w e l l .
Don 't you think he should restrain himself? S oyoudon  ' tthinkheneedstoreinit inalittle ?
I don 't think No , notreally .
You don 't care A ndyou  ' renotconcerned that he acts like his baby is in your womb? he  ' sacting like somehowthi sishiskid , too ?
He just supports me He  ' s justtrying to be support tive .
Just support you Justsupportive.
Don 't you think it 's too much? No otover - the - topinanyway ?
no No .
Hello hello !
You just saw him move this in Yousawhim carrying that .
A stronautssawhimcarryi ngthat can be seen in the sky.

Nice place! T hisplaceisgreat !
It 's great that the doctor let you in S oniceofthatdoctortoju stletyouuseit .
She wants to take me to the Blue Girls concert Well , sheistakingmetoan Indigo Girlsconcert , soholdthatthought .
Well Okay.
Uh Well , shall we check each other for lice? should we checkeachothe rforticks ?
We just walked from the car S heldon , allwedid was walkin from the car .
Okay whatever you want Oh .
W e l l ,   s u i t   y o u r s e l f .
Who wants to check me? W howantstocheckme ?
In fact, safety first Ontheotherhand, safetyfirst.

It 's really starting to rain. Wow, it 's really coming down.
Really hate T hissucks .
There is no way to go on foot in the wild. A ndtheregoesourhike.
Oh no! Oh, notourhike!
Now we must Now we have to stay safe and warm in the house to stay safe and warm .
We can still go to Youknow, wecouldstillgo.
A little rain won 't kill you A littlerainisn  ' tgonnakillus .
Have you ever been in the rain with S heldon? Have youbeenoutsideinth erainwith S heldon?
- no- it would be better to die- No o .
-   Y o u ' l l   w i s h   i t   w o u l d   k i l l   y o u .
So what are we doing now? So whatdowedonow ?
There are table games Theyhavesomeboardgames .
Most of the Jengapieces are missing E h , most of the J engapieces are missing seven pieces and the S crabbleonlyhasseventi les , if you want to make a shape without technical content sounlessyouwanttobuil danunimpressivestruct ure
Put next to ' SHNERPF ' then you go play with the word ' SHNERPF ' nexttoit , moveon .
Let 's make a fire Hey, let  ' slightafire .
That 's good O oh , thatsoundscozy .
I 've never had a fire before I don  ' tthink I  ' velitarealfirebefore .
Just the most basic thermodynamics A h , it  'sbasicthermodynamics .
I 'm sure we can figure thatto ut.
I could stack the firewood in a cone shape for air flow I could stack the logsconi callytofacilitate airf low .
That can maximize oxygen supply to promote combustionT hatwouldmaximizeoxygenforoptimalcombustion.
Right so we just need . . . Right .
S o   a l l   w e   n e e d   i s   t o . . .
Get Gotit.
That is a scientist 's masterpiece A scientist made that .
R aj you are my best friend in this worldL ook , R aj , you  ' remybestfriendinthewo rld I thank you for your enthusiasm for children and I really appreciateyoure nthusiasmaboutthebaby .
Willing to serve P lease , mypleasure .
H owie and I A nd , ofcourse , Howie and I want you to be involved bothwantyoutobeaparto fallthis .
But we are still some bounded Butwehavetosetsomeboun daries.
I don 't understand I don  ' tunderstand .
Not the three of us are having a baby. Thethreeofusaren ' thavingthisbaby.
It 's Justthetwoofus for the two of us.
Oh . . . Oh . . .
Okay I got it O kay .
Y e a h ,   I   g e t   i t .
I 'll calm down some I 'llbackoff.
Thanks for understanding Thanksforunderstanding .
Of course Ofcourse.
I 'll leave you some space I 'llgiveyouguyssomespace.
I 'll just move this one away. Letmejustgetthisoutofyourway.
Need help? Youneedsomehelp ?
No I can handle No o , I gotit .

R a j . . .
R a j   等 等   R a j . . .   R a j ,   w a i t .
Bernadette please P lease, Bernadette.
Let me leave with dignity Let me leave with my dignit y .

Hey, do you want to drink and play? Hey, youguyswanttoplayadri nkinggame?
Well then we lost Oh, wellnow, wellnow, we 'llneverwin.
You are a wine shop veteran Youalwaysplaythedrinki nggame .
It 's not drinking, it 's just a table gameN otthedrinkinggame , adrinkinggame .
To be fair, you are good at both. To obefair, goodatboth.
What game? What  ' sthegame ?
Well the name is called I never A llright , it  's called N ever Have IE ver .
The rules are simple T herulesaresimple .
Players say one thing they 've never done Some omeone says somethingth ey  ' veneverdone , others drink if they do but ifyouhavedoneit , youtakeadrink .
I 've never played this game before. I ' veneverplayed that before .
Hey wait Hey , now , wait .
Already started Do I need a sip? Havewestarted?
D o   I   d r i n k ?
- What 's going on now? - Ok- Whatishappening?
- OK .
Calm down I 'll start Calmdown first.
I ' l l   g o   f i r s t .
Makes me think A llright , let  ' ssee .
I have never . . . N everhave I ever . . .
She was thinking about something S he  ' trying to think of something she  ' sneverdone before .
It will take a little time T hiscouldtakeawhile .
Haha funny Veryfunny .
Well I never have . . . O kay , neverhave I ever . . .
uh did you make it? Yeah, youknowwhat?
Let 's take the next person 's turn. Let 's just circleback.
So let me come to O kay , I  'llgo .
I have never been arrested N everhave I everbeenarrested .
Then I drink S o I drink .
No o , it  'sonlyifyou  ' vedoneit .
Got it Gotit.
I don 't believe you have been arrested I can  ' tbelieveyou  ' vebeenarrested .
I can 't believe P enny doesn 't have I can 'tbelieve Pennyhasn 't.
S heldon what did you do? S heldon , whatdidyoudo ?
nothing to be proud of Well , I  ' mnotproudofit ,
But . . . I crossed the road but . . . I jaywalked .
Oh it 's like a horror movie Oh , no , it  ' slikeahorrormovie .
We were trapped in a cabin with a lunatic We  'retrappedinacabinwith amaniac .
I 'm so surprised you did that I  'msurprisedyouwoulddot hat .
No I crossed the road No , I crossed in the middleoft hestreet .
A ndnormally I wouldn 't do that, I wouldn 't, but I saw a girl scout looking fierce but I sawanaggressive - looking G irl S cout , and it was cookie season and itwastheheartofcoo kieseason .
Anyway, there was a policeman A nyway, therewasapoliceoffice r, who saw the whole thing and hewitnessedthewhol eting.
He arrested you for . . . for what? What . . . hearrestedyouforthat?
He did nothing No , hedidn  ' tdoanything .
So I said to him ' didn 't you see me crossing the road S o I said , ' Youjustsawmejaywalk .
Why don 't you do anything? ' W hyaren  ' tyoudoingyourjob ? '
Do you understand? Youknow?
' Maybe I can arrest you for ' M - M aybe I shouldarrestyou impersonating a police officer ' for - forimpersonatingapoli ceofficer . '
And then you got caught A ndthenyougotarrested .
Otherwise what do you think Oh , andhow .
I feel like I just made a big mistake I just made ahorriblemist ake .
Yes Yeah.
But on the other hand Butontheotherhand,
I didn 't kick him out of our lives either I didn  ' tkickhimoutofourlives .
I just let him back off a little I justaskedhimtobackoff alittle .
Yes Yeah.
What 's the matter? Are you going to cry?
W h a t ?   A r e   y o u   g o n n a   c r y ?
Yes !
Y e a h !
Is it because of progesterone or is it really sad? I sitbabyhormonesoractu allysad ?
I don 't know either! I can  ' ttellanymore !
I 'm going to get him back I 'llgogethim.
Bring back the bear too! An ndbringbackthebear!
This game is too dangerous T hisgame  ' sdangerous .
I could get you in trouble I could get you introuble .
Is it? How?
Well I never Well, never have I ever used S heldon  'stoothbrush to clean the sink.
ok do you want to play like this? Fine , isthathowyouwanttopla ythis ?
I have never named my A llright , never have I evercomeup genitals withanicknameformyown genitals .
I shouldn 't have told you about Alvin and the C hipmunks Never should  ' vetoldyou about Alvin and the C hipmunks .
Good Okay.
It 's my turn M yturn .
Um . . . U m . . .
I 've never N everhave I ever fucked my girlfriend in bed completely rockedmygir lfriend  ' sworldinbed .
A m y 啊 . . .   A m y . . .
The rules you know Youknowtherules .
Have a drink.

Well drink it Yeah, goahead.
That 's right T hat  ' sright .
Well it 's my turn A llright , myturn .
Hmm . . . M m . . .
Oh thought of Oh , I know .
I have never kept a small vault because I think mywifecan  ' thandlemoney .
Did I win? D id I win ?
I feel like I won .
I can 't believe I can 't believe this.
Do you understand that I make more money than you? Yourealize I makemoremoneythanyou ?
I don 't know but it 's no big deal I don  ' t , I know , but thisisn  ' tabigdeal .
It 's just a little bit of my savings I t  ' sjustalittlesavings I putaside .
We are married We  ' remarried .
We 're supposed to share everything we 're supposed to talk about.
What are you referring to your massive creditcard debt? What . . . you mean , like , your massive creditcard debt ?

I said I 'mcallingit.
I won I won .
Thank you so much for your apology I appreciate theapology, but it 's really unnecessary butit 'sreallynotnecessary.
It 's me that I overstepped mybounds.
No R aj you are doing well No o , R aj , you  ' vebeengreat .
I just need to start doing what I have to do I just , I need to start doing my part taround here .
I heard yo I hearthat .
So if that 's the case Well, ifthat  ' sthecase , can I do something for you? isthereanything I candotohelp ?
Now there is nothing Well, notrightnow.
But we can try the microphone you bought first, Butwecouldtryoutthatmi crophoneyougotus, and listen to the baby 's heartbeat and listentothebaby ' sheartbeat.
Really? Really?
May I listen with you? I t  ' sokayif I listenwithyou ?!
Of course Ofcourse.
Can I put Vaseline on your stomach? Can I squirttheultrasoundje llyonyourstomach ?
Hey look Hey , lookatthat .
A second becomes embarrassing I t  ' sweird again .

Well you do O kay, you have the right to be angry everyrighttobemad.
And you 're right A ndwhatyousaidistrue .
You do earn more than me You do makemoremoneythan me .
I have no right to do so S o I hadnorighttodowhat I did .
I 'm sorry A nd I 'msosorry.
I hope you can forgive me I hopeyoucanforgiveme .
How long have you had your little gold in stock? Howlonghaveyouhadthiss ecretaccount?
It 's been a few years but I only save a little every month A coupleyears , but I justputafewbucksaside just for a rainy day everymonthforemergenc ies .
How much have you saved? Well, howmuchyougotinthere? 6 4 2 7 $6, 4 2 7.
And 47 cents is the red envelope given by my grandmother on my birthday 47 centoncemynana  ' sbirthdaycheckgetsher e .
My God Leonard you know My God , Leonard , doyouknow What can I do with that kind of money? what I could do with that kind of money ?
Of course I know that 's why I hide No , I do , and that  ' swhy I hidit .
What good is it if you don 't use it? What goodisitifyoudon  ' tuseit ?
Let 's just say you have shoes that you really like but never wear U h , uh , youhaveshoesyoulove , butneverwear .
I have money I like I havemoney I love , but I don 't spend it butneverspend .
From this point of view, we are quite a match. We  ' rekindofacutecoupleth atway .
But still have to say A gain,
I 'm sorry I 'm sorry.
I shouldn 't hide from you I shouldn ' thavekeptitasecret .
In fact, I also have my own secrets that I didn 't let you know Well, I haveasecret I ' vebeenkeepingfromyou, too.
Is it your small vault? I sitasecretbankaccount ?
It would be perfect if it was Becausethatwouldbeawes ome.
I hate my job I hatemyjob .
Really? Really?
Why? Why?
Because I 'm so sick of flirting with doctors for sales because I don  ' tfeelgood flirtingwithdoctorsfo rsales .
I mean I know this job can make a lot of money I mean , I know I makealotofmoney .
But I 've been unhappy for a long time B ut I haven  ' tbeenhappyforawhile .
Why didn 't you tell me? W hydidn  ' tyoutellme ?
Because I know it 's because I know how important it is for you that I have achieved something that I  ' mhaving some success .
Not so That 's not true.
Is that really the case? So you think I 'm going on O kay , really ?
S oyou  ' dbefineif I went acting and being a waitress was no big deal? backtoactingandwaitin gtablesagain ?
If that 's what you want to do ok I fthat  ' swhatyouwanttodo , yes .
That 's not what I want to do Well, it  ' snotwhat I wanttodo .
Scared the baby to death Oh , yes .
It doesn 't matter what I want or not D oesn  ' tmatter what I want .
This job can let me not do Kanu Look , thisjobisgonnagetmeou tofdebt .
So I 'm going to be mature and keep going S o I  ' mgonnadothegrown - upthingandseeitthroug h .
It 's really mature if you can think so Well, thatisthegrown-upthing.
I think so I guess .
I love you I love you .
I love you too I loveyou , too .
Do you know Youknow , I never have I evermadelove and others in the forest while it was raining in the forest while it was raining outside.
Well, I have to drink Well, guess I gottadrink.
Alright let 's start A llright , herewego .

I haven 't heard anything I 'mnothearinganything.
Don 't worry Well, givemeasecond.
Are you sure you can? A reyousureyoucandothis ?
Hey don 't forget who used his metal detector on the beach with his metal detector to find four dollars and change on the beach at hey , who found fourdollarsan dchange ?
I was buried there so we could go home I buried it there, sowecouldgohome.

Waited to find Wait , that  ' sit .
Wow Wow .
Is this the best in the world? I sn  ' tthatthebest ?
You two made a person, Youguysmadeaperson.
Yeah Wedid .
I think my help is indispensable in this. And I liketothink I helped .
Nothing to do with you Youdidn  ' t .
Let me think Oh, letmesee.
Thought I never Oh , um , neverhave I ever drank expired milk drunkmilkpastitsexpir ationdate .
I have never N everhave I ever cancelled a dental office appointment cancelledadentistappo intment .
I never Oh , uh , never have I ever put my feet in the ocean to put my feet in the ocean.
I 've never N everhave I ever honked if I likedanything .
Think of it! O h!
I have never U h . . . never have I ever threw or touched a Frisbee throw , caughtortoucheda F risbee .
I have never N everhave I ever putsaltonmyfood on food before I taste it without trying it first.
Who would . . . Y eah . . .
This is good! Oh!
I 've never N everhave I ever pushed all the buttons in an elevator pushall the buttons in anelevator .

Who doesn 't have a black history Well, weallhaveapast.
