 Mmm ...
 Gentlemen , I put it to you .
 The worst tapioca pudding is better than the best pudding of any other flavor .
 First off , that is axiomatically wrong , because the best pudding is chocolate .
 Secondly , the organic structure of tapioca makes it a jiggling bowl of potential death . It is extracted from the plant -
 Hey , I 'm thinking of growing a mustache .
 No kidding !
 Foo Man Choo ! A handlebar pencil .
 Sheldon : It is extracted from the plant - Howard :
 I 'm not sure yet .
 You know , George Clooney has one now ! Really ? I once saw him shopping at Ralph 's .
 He was buying tequila . You think a guy like that would have some kind of booze lackey .

 Alright this is cruel , we better let him finish before his head explodes .
 Alright Sheldon , why is tapioca ...
 Tapioca is extracted from the root of the plant Manihot esculenta .
 Due to a high concentration of cyanide , it is poisonous in its raw form and lethal if prepared improperly .

 Feel better now ?
 It is also indigenous to Brazil , as is the Cocoa Bean , from which we get chocolate , the best pudding .
 And you promised you wouldn 't do that anymore !
 Hey Hofstadter !
 Hey Kripke .
 Read about your latest proton decay experiment , 20 thousand data runs and no statistically significant results .
 Very impressive !
 What a jerk .
 Don 't feel bad Leonard , negative results are still results .
 Even 20 thousand of 'em .
 Alright . Please don 't cheer me up anymore .
 C 'mon , don 't let him get to you .
 It 's Kripke . Yeah , he 's a ... ginormous knob .
 That 's why he eats by himself , instead of sitting here at the cool table .
 Fo ' shizzle .

 Hey it 's true , Kripke lacks the basic social skills that we take for granted .
 But he also controls the new open science grid computer that I need to use to run some simulations of structure formation in the early universe .
 Good luck getting time on it .
 The only people he lets use it are his friends .
 Well then , the solution is simple .
 I shall befriend him .
 Kripke !
 Yeah ?
 What 'd you say of the idea of , you and I becoming friends ?
 I would say , I have no interest in becoming your friend .
 Really ?
 That seems rather short- sided , coming from someone who is generally considered altogther unlikable .
 Why don 't you take some time to reconsider ? Yeah , I 'll do that .

 Well I think we 're off to a terrific start .
 The Big Bang Theory S02E13 The Friendship Algorithm Subtitled by blued888 www . eclecticelectronics . net
 There you go .
 Now any e- mail from Wolowitz will go right into your spam folder .
 Thanks !
 I mean the e- mail doesn 't bother me as much as the vacation pictures of him in a bathing suit . Yeah , I got the same one .
 And that 's not a bathing suit , it 's a tan line . Hello .
 This is Sheldon Cooper . I 'm leaving a message for Barry Kripke .
 Barry , It was pleasant seeing you today in the cafeteria .
 I saw that you purchased the chef 's salad .
 Apparently , you did not know that the chef 's salad is kitchen trickery , to utilize scrap meat .
 Nevertheless , I hope you enjoyed it .
 I 'm following up on our pending friendship , and I look forward to hearing from you regarding its status .
 Sheldon Cooper .
 What 's up with Ichabod ?
 Oh he 's trying to make a new friend .
 Oh really ?
 Well , good for him .
 Well , unless he 's makes one out of wood like Gepetto , I don 't think it 's gonna happen .
 Well , how did you guys become friends ?
 There was a fire on the bulletin board at the university .
 Roommate wanted . Whistlers need not apply .
 And you moved in anyway ?
 I assumed he was joking .
 You 'd be surprised how many particle physicists have a whimsical side .
 Oh what about Howard and Raj you mean ?
 How did you become friends with them ? I don 't know ... How do carbon atoms form a benzene ring ?
 Proximity and valence electrons .
 Well yeah , sure . When you put it that way .
 But it all worked out , right ? I suppose .
 I do miss whistling though .
 Oh come on . Really ?
 ( Whistles ) 1st warning .

 ( Knocks ) Penny .
 ( Knocks ) Penny .
 ( Knocks ) Penny . This is for you .
 Hello Sheldon . Hi .

 What is this ?
 It 's a questionnaire I devised .
 I 'm having some difficulty bonding with a colleague at work .
 So I 'm doing a little research to better understand why my current friends like me .
 Yes .
 Well , that is a good question .
 But is this really the best way to figure it out ?
 Yeah , I agree . The social sciences are largely hokum .
 But , short of putting electrodes in your brain and monitoring your response to my companionship , this is the best I can do .
 Okay , question 1 .
 Rank the following aspects of Sheldon Cooper in order of appeal . Intelligence .
 Ruthless attention to hygiene . Playfulness . Java applet writing ?
 I know , I may have started off with a fairly obvious one . You did an aspect of my most appealing trait , playfulness .
 Why just go ahead and rank that number 1 .
 I 'm afraid you 're on your own for the rest .
 It should take you no more than 3 hours .
 Wait ! How many questions are on this thing ?
 Only 211 .
 Don 't worry , in deference to you , I 've kept them on a high school graduate reading level .
 Thanks pal .
 You got it ...
 Buddy .
 Sheldon honey , did you ever consider making friends by being , I don 't know , pleasant ?
 Well that 's certainly a thought- provoking hypothesis . May I suggest it as the topic for your ... essay .

 ( Tuts )
 Your questionnaire , very disappointing . I answered every question Sheldon .
 You answered the multiple choice questions in a pattern .
 A B B A C. A B B A C.
 Aw , you picked up on that huh ?
 How could I not ? Come on !
 There 's over 200 questions .
 And look at some of these things .
 Sheldon is to camaraderie , as the space shuttle is to blank ?
 There are a number of acceptable answers , for example , C : near earth 's transport , but certainly not B : avocado rancher .
 And your essay , suggesting that I 'd have better luck making friends if I wait 'til the Cylons take over ?
 Please .
 Hold on . I put some real work into that !
 Yes , well it 's better than what Wolowitz did .
 He drew a raccoon with what appears to be , a distended scrotum .
 It 's kinda cute .
 Until you get to the scrotum .
 What hope do I have for establishing new relationships given that my current friends apparently cannot take a few hours out of their lives to help me ?
 Sheldon , I 'm not going to defend a big bald raccoon .
 I don 't see how you could .
 What I 'm trying to say is that , maybe you can 't approach this as a purely intellectual exercise .
 What do you mean ! ?
 Well , remember when you tried to learn how to swim using the internet ?
 I did learn how to swim .
 On the floor .
 The skills are transferrable .
 I just have no interest in going in the water .
 Then why learn how to swim ? The ice caps are melting Leonard .
 In the future , swimming isn 't going to be optional .
 But you do bring up an interesting point .
 I don 't have to break new ground here .
 I 'm sure much of the research already exists .
 No ... no , my point is , if you wanna learn how to make friends , then just go out to a coffee shop , or a museum .
 Meet people . Talk to them . Take an interest in their lives .

 That 's insane on the face of it .
 Come on . Where are we going ?
 You 're driving me to the mall .
 I 'm going to acquire a book that summarizes the current theories in the field of friendmaking .
 Why don 't you just lie down on the floor and swim there ?

 Coping with the death of a loved one .
 My condolences . Thank you .
 Family or friend ?
 Family .
 Too bad .
 If it 'd been a friend , I 'm available to fill the void .

 It 's just as well , she smelled like moth balls .
 Okay , if you 're gonna start sniffing people , I 'm gonna go get a hot pretzel .
 Excuse me .
 Do you have any books about making friends ?
 Uhm , yeah but they 're all for little kids .
 I assume the skills can be extrapolated and transferred .
 Uh , I guess . They 're right over there by the wooden train set .
 Oh ! I love trains !
 I bet you do .
 Oh my !
 That 's awfully sticky .

 Alright ...
 Let 's see .
 Bernie Bunny has Two Daddies Now . It 's probably about homosexual rabbits .
 Jerry the Gerbil and the Bullies on the Bus .
 Read it , not helpful .
 Oh ! Here we go .
 Stu the Cockatoo is New at the Zoo .
 Author Sarah Carpenter lives in Fort Wayne , Indiana , with her husband and bestfriend Mark .
 And their cockatoos too . Hardly makes her an expert in making friends , wouldn 't you agree ?
 I don 't like birds , they scare me .
 Me too !
 Most people don 't see it .
 What are you reading ?
 Curious George . Oh I do like monkeys !
 Curious George is a monkey .
 Somewhat anthropomorphized but yes .
 Say , maybe sometime you and I can go see monkeys together .
 Would you like that ? Okay . Sheldon , what are you doing ?
 I 'm making friends with this little girl .
 What 's your name ? Rebecca . Hi Rebecca , I 'm your new friend , Sheldon .

 No you 're not , let 's go .
 We were really hitting it off . Don 't look up , there 's cameras .

 I 'm curious .
 In the " How Well Do You Know Sheldon " section , what do you put for his favorite amino acid ?
 ( Leonard and Howard at the same time ) Lysine . Damn it . I had Lysine and changed it .
 Oh good !
 You 're just in time .
 I believe I 've isolated the algorithm for making friends .
 Sheldon , there is no algorithm for making friends !
 Hear him out . If he 's really on to something , we can open a booth at Comic- Con , make a fortune .

 See , my initial approach to Kripke , had the same deficiencies as those that plagued Stu the Cockatoo , when he was new at the zoo .
 Stu the cockatoo ?
 Yes , he 's new at the zoo .
 It 's a terrific book .
 I 've distilled its essence into a simple flowchart that would guide me through the process .
 Have you thought about putting him in a crate while you 're out of the apartment ?
 Hello , Kripke . Sheldon Cooper here .
 It occurred to me you hadn 't returned any of my calls because I hadn 't offered any concrete suggestions for pursuing our friendship .
 Perhaps the two of us might share a meal together ...
 I see .
 Well then perhaps you 'd have time for a hot beverage .
 Popular choices include tea , coffee , cocoa ...
 I see . No , no , no , wait . Don 't hang up yet .
 What about a recreational activity ?
 I bet we share some common interests .
 Tell me an interest of yours . Really ?
 On actual horses ?
 Tell me another interest of yours .
 Oh no , I 'm sorry , I have no desire to get in the water until I absolutely have to .
 Tell me another interest of yours . Uh- oh , he 's stuck in an infinite loop .
 I can fix it . Mmhmm .
 Mmhmm . It 's interesting .
 But isn 't ventriloquism , by definition , a solo activity ?
 Yeah ? Tell me another interest of yours .
 Hmmm . Is there any chance you like monkeys ?
 What is wrong with you ? Everybody likes monkeys .
 Hang on , Kripke .
 A loop counter ? And an escape to the least objectionable activity !
 Howard , that 's brilliant ! I 'm surprised you saw that .

 Gee . Why can 't Sheldon make friends ?
 Alright Kripke , that last interest strikes me as the least objectionable and I would like to propose that we do that together .
 Tomorrow . Yes , I 'll pay .
 Alright , goodbye .
 Alright ! Time to learn rock climbing .

 You know , I am a fan of ventriloquism .
 Maybe you , me and your dummy could go get a hot beverage .
 He could talk while you drink . No , I wanna climb some rocks .


 This appears significantly more ... monolithic than it did on my laptop . No one expects to see Hominids learning to use bones as weapeons .
 You afraid of heights , Cooper ? Hardly .
 Fear of heights is illogical .
 Fear of falling , on the other hand , is prudent and evolutionary .
 What would you say is the minimum altitude I need to achieve to cement our new- found friendship ?
 Come on , they have birthday parties here . Little kids climb this .
 Little kid Hominids , perhaps .
 Is this your entire job ?
 Your parents must be so proud . Let 's go , Cooper . Coming , Kripke .
 Okay . Harness seems to be secure .
 Small amount of incontinence just now , but the website said that 's to be expected .
 Hey , this isn 't so bad .
 I feel like vertical swimming . Hey , look at you , Cooper . You 're almost halfway to the top .
 I am ?

 I was wrong .
 It IS a fear of heights .
 You alright there , Cooper ? Not really .
 I feel somewhat like an inverse tangent function that 's approaching an asymptote .
 Are you saying you 're stuck ? What part of an inverse tangent function approaching an asymptote did you not understand ?

 Understood all that . I 'm not a moron . Just keep going .
 Yeah , I don 't think I can . Well , then . Climb back down .
 No , that doesn 't seem any more likely .
 So what 's the plan , Cooper ?
 Well , it 's not exactly a plan but I think I 'm going to pass out .

 I 'm sorry .
 Can we please just do it one more time ?
 Okay .
 1 , 2 , 1 , 2 , 3 and ... ( Whistling altogether )
 It 's a little thing but you really do miss it .
 Hello , everyone .
 I brought my new friend , Barry Kripke , home for dinner .
 Oh ... Hello to you , too .
 How was rock climbing ?
 He passed out .
 Just hung there like a big salami .

 That 's where I sit .
 Ooh , you have a special spot .
 What kind of wacko are you ?
 How much time you got ?
 Want some Chinese food ? Terrific .
 Got any dental floss ? In the bathroom .
 Be right back .
 I gotta floss the Indian food out of my teeth if I 'm gonna eat Chinese .
 Sheldon , are you okay ?
 Oh yes , I pass out all the time .
 But , it was worth it .
 I 've made substantial progress in bonding with Kripke , which brings me to an awkward moment .
 What 's that ? Maintaining five friendships promises to be a Herculean task .

 So ... I 'm going to have to let one of you go .
 Me , me . Let it be me .
 Leonard , you are my roommate , my source of transportation and you help me fold my sheets when they come out of the dryer .
 You are safe . Can I whistle ?
 Don 't be silly .
 Howard , you do not have a PhD .
 Your cologne is an assault on the senses and you 're not available for video games during the Jewish high holidays .
 Guilty as charged . I 'm out . No .
 You , too , are safe .
 Oh come on . What do I have to do ?
 Okay . You know what ? I see where this is going .
 I 'm not one of you guys . I 'm not a scientist . So just -
 Penny , Penny , Penny . Everything you 're saying is true , but please allow me to continue .
 Raj , you 're out .

 The good question .
 While you do provide a certain cultural diversity to an otherwise homogenous group , your responses to the questionnaire were truly disturbing .
 How could you , for a moment , think that my favorite amino acid is Glutamine ?
 He had Lysine but changed it .
 Yeah .
 Shoulda , woulda coulda , Raj .
 I like to floss before I eat .
 So my gum pockets are open for new food . Eww .
 Hello .
 How did I walk past you ?
 I 'm Barry .
 Penny . Yeah , it 's not a very hot name .
 I 'm gonna call your Roxanne .
 Suddenly I 'm looking pretty good , huh ?
 So uh , Kripke , I was wondering if there 's any chance you could get me some time on the open science grid computer .
 No .
 No ?
 But we 're friends ! I 'm sorry . No , my friend ?
 I 'm confused .
 I was given an understanding that you allow your friends time on the machine ?
 No , that 's wrong . There 's an official schedule . I have no control over it .
 Oh .
 This entire endeavor seems to have been an exercise in futility .
 Raj , you 're back in .
 He likes monkeys .

 You gotta give him credit for sticking with it .
 I didn 't think he had it in him . He almost made it to the top this time .


 The Big Bang Theory S02E13 The Friendship Algorithm Subtitled by blued888 www . eclecticelectronics . net
