Next is Kung Pao Chicken
- wow- pretty
And finally . . . my mushu meat

Gentlemen
Your dishes are served by robot waiters
It only took 2 8 minutes
Very good, but we also need to be vigilant and vigilant about what?

Don 't look at the fact that he is still a Chinese waiter
I will soon travel back in time and go back to the past to assassinate Sarah Connor (Terminator Story)
You think too much S heldon
Everyone thinks like you
So the tragedy happened
Hey, is the takeaway here?
wow what is this?
Beauty This is Wolowitz 's programmable manipulator for off-station repair tasks on the International Space Station
good job
let me pass you soy sauce
Is it often used to deliver soy sauce on the space station?
if there were asian and jewish astronauts
- alright pass me the soy sauce - wait a moment
How to work ?
all ok
- just a little hungry - who isn 't
hold on
P enny, have you noticed that the technology in this robotic hand will one day replace an unskilled waiter like you?
Really? They 're going to invent a waiter who spit on your burger?
Didn 't you break up? Why is she here?
Well done, here comes the soy sauce
put your hand out

- Amazing - Isn 't it too amazing
It 's technically a small leap over Disney 's Mechanical Bear at best
- S heldon - Huh?
- Peace? - No not peace
- = Eden Subtitle Station http: / / ytet . org / = - Honorary Production Translation: JTF an Xia Sheng Panda Huihui Fangge Proofreading: Grandpa


Does NASA know you 're using this for paper towels?
Funny they think this thing is still locked in the JPL
- You stole it? - Borrowed it
The trick is to put it in your car as if nothing happened
Excuse me
A my in a dry cleaner
She made up a funny joke
'I don 't like perchloroethylene nor glycol ethers'
Got it? She doesn 't like glycol ethers (pronounced 'nor glycol')
'ether' sounds like 'also'
' L - O - L ' ( for laughing )
- Who is A my? - His girlfriend
- S heldon has a girlfriend? - She 's not my girlfriend
- How long have they been together? - Four months
she 's not my girlfriend
I 've been asking you what 's new for four months
You never thought to tell me that S heldon has a girlfriend?
she 's not my girlfriend
Wait wait how did they meet?
R aj and I signed him up with an online dating computer and assigned him A my F arrah F owler!
S h e l d o n 和 A m y
We call them 'Shamy'
Shamy I like this name so much
Okay you all listen to me
yes i have a friend named A my Farrah F owler
Yep, she 's a woman
Yeah, we 're in touch every day but he 's not my girlfriend
Okay what are you talking about?
Talking about my physics research and her neurobiological research recently started talking about whether we 're going to have a baby
Thank you
Wait . . . have a baby ?
You haven 't seen this woman yet (I actually did last season)
You are just texting QQ and adding Weibo.
Are you thinking about having a baby now?
A my pointed out that the crystallization of the two of us may be . . . the first emperor in history who is wise and philanthropic will lead mankind into a better tomorrow
If we don 't kill Sheldon now, we 'll all be sinners in future history books
- I have a question - please say P enny
You don 't even feel good when people touch you
How do you make love?
Why do we have to make love?
When your little brother starts to grow
Didn 't your mother teach you common sense?
I know very well how human beings reproduce by convention This filthy and unsanitary and lived next door to you for three years
I also realize it 's noisy and often involves the gods
- oh my god - that 's it
So if A my and I were going to have a baby, we would use clinical medicine to deal with a lab, a petri dish, and a reproductive specialist.
I happen to think of you with big hips and lots of energy
I don 't know if I can be our surrogate mother?
Do you still like the name Shamy?
Sheldon listen before you kill to go to the fertility clinic, should you think about it, I 'm not sure about being with her real person for a while
- you mean dating? - yes
- I can 't date A my- why?
She 's not my girlfriend
ok then don 't think of this as dating a girlfriend
Just be . . . learn more about the mother of your future child
I didn 't think about it
She should have some contact with our descendants
Do you think text messages can 't make our relationship closer?
Hard to estimate
So the phone company lied to me?
penny
penny penny
You know I 'm standing by the door waiting for you to knock three times.
I know you can see the shadow of your feet under the door
Yeah, it 's just a waste of time
To say it 's a waste of time, this conversation between us is a waste of time
What are you looking for me for?
I decided to take your advice and go on a date with A my F arrah F owler
great fun
wait, you have to drive me
- What? - You know I don 't drive
- Then ask Leonard to pick you up. - I asked.
He said the colon 'Tell Penny to take you there
It 's all her ideas.'
Leonard used the word 'circle and fork' ?
Actually, I changed it
I grew up in a Christian family
His words annoyed me
To tell you the truth, I 'm not very happy with 'circle and fork'
Ok when is the date ?
- now- now ?
hurry up to be late
S heldon you didn 't think I might have other arrangements ?
Excuse me, do you have other arrangements?
Actually no but...
Then these words are as useless as your knocking on the door?
I 'll go get my . . . forklift truck keys
oh my goodness
yes it 's cool
Howard rice is ready!
I 'll say I 'm busy in a while!
So cool, just like real hands

thank you for driving me
You are welcome
I wish you weren 't wearing sandals
It 's dangerous to drive like this
- S heldon - sorry
I just don 't want to die in a cool trailer accident
Can I ask a question?
Since you only have a community college diploma
I encourage you to just ask
ok i want to ask you . . .
Although I know what the answer will be . . . is this your first date ?
it depends
Is dancing square dancing with my sister at the Independence Ode to Christ Junior Ball as a date?
- don 't count - that 's the first time
Okay, so there are some things you need to know

I have a masters and two doctorates
I know everything I need to know
I mean I 'm more experienced than you when it comes to dating and if you 're really smart you should listen to me
If you are so knowledgeable then why do I have a date and you have nothing to do to take me on a date?
Makes sense
I 've always wondered about the diver
- What 's the matter? - Where does he poop?
What ?
What are the toilets like in Atlantis?
How to flush?
Where did the poop go after rushing?
wait a minute
Hi Howard, what 's up?
What. . .
H oward H oward speak slowly
The manipulator is stuck on what 's your thing?
you will never believe this
A my S heldon tell me you 're a nerve . . . or something
neurobiologist
Your car 's 'check engine' light is on
It 's fine
- But that light didn 't say . . .
- leave it alone
I 've wasted a lot of time on this
What perfume do you use? It smells good
anti-dandruff shampoo
I have dry scalp
Looks like your hair is fine
are you gay ?
no no i just compliment you
I 'd be happier if you were gay
How about some music?
Oh no, I don 't care
- Where 's A my? - No thanks
All right
Then be awkwardly quiet
Hey Sheldon did you talk to A my about you growing up in Texas?
no
Then talk to her?
OK
life is better than death
No comments yet A my ?
no
I grew up in Nebraska
A small town on the edge of Omaha
Nice place, mostly family farms and some drug labs
What better way to interrupt than to be awkwardly quiet?
I don 't know, why don 't you try this?
Muggle (from 'Harry Potter')
You slipped and fell into the robot 's hands?
Yes
The second one went first?
Yes, you should think of something!
I suggest lube but I feel like you 've got it on there
this is not funny at all leonard
Is that right? Your lifeblood can be held tightly by a robot, man
It 's so funny, anyone can laugh
Please get this thing off before my mom comes in! Okay let me think about it
Don 't don 't! Don 't touch it I 've stopped the program
Then let 's start
No no! The program I loaded is wrong
It thought it was holding a screwdriver from outer space
If you start the program it starts screwing
Okay, okay, so be it
When Winnie the Pooh 's head got stuck in the honey tree, his friends climbed on top of him and pulled and pulled
Pull me if you want, but I don 't want to pull anyone 's honey tree
ok then don 't pull
So let 's get a chainsaw to cut it off?
What?! I don 't want a chainsaw!
One circumcision is enough
What about acetylene torches?
I can 't believe I need to say this
No pulling, no chainsaw, no blowtorch
So what do you want us to do?
Howard I made cookies for you and your little friend!
Very good mom thank you !
I 'll bring you some more soda!
Don 't come up!
Why? Your mother embarrassed you?
Yes but that 's not the point at the moment!
Get me out now
What can you do, Raj?
Now I 'm thinking about cookies and soda
hey i have another topic
Tonight is a big day for Sheldon
- Right S heldon ? - Big Night ?
winter solstice night
14+ hours in Southern California
funny text joke
thanks
No no I mean tonight is S heldon 's first official date
Let 's talk
Really ?
Apparently on Independence Day with my sister
Going to a prom doesn 't count as a date
Then A my how about you?
- Have you made many appointments? - Once a year
This is my agreement with my mother in exchange for her silence on the matter
And the occasional use of her smokeless meat roaster that locks in the flavor and removes fat
How about you P enny ? Have you dated many times ?
uh it 's alright
several times
what. . . ?
How many times can you describe 171 dates with different men
what. . .
How do you know 1 7 1 ?
Simplest reasoning
In the three years I 've known you, you 've been single for two years
I met 17 different suitors during that time
If we go back and correct for observational bias and assume an initial dating age of 1 5 . . .
oh oh wait wait not 1 5
- Excuse me about that 1 6 ?
-   1 4
I 'm wrong
Now assuming the left-hand Bell curve peaks, the resulting number is 1 9 3 people
Plus or minus error with 8 men
The results are quite remarkable
Did you have sex with each of them? No
But this number is easy to calculate
Based on the morning I was with those who left her apartment
The number of awkward encounters with unfamiliar men plus the number of times she came home wearing the same clothes as the night before . . .
Okay S heldon you 've made it very clear
Then we take 1 9 3 minus the 2 1 men before the loss of virginity and then multiply 1 7 2 by 0 . 1 8 we get . . .
3 0 . 9 6 Sex Companions
Just round up to 3 1
Stop S heldon you are so wrong
This is far from the actual number
I want a drink here, it 's kind of interesting
Cultural cognition is subjective
P enny Are you a slut in your own mind?
No! No!
no
Let 's just obediently eat the meal well?
This is an interesting topic
How many sexual partners have you had?
Does Volunteering Count? I 've Participated in an Experiment in which Orgasms Are Generated by Electrical Stimulation of Pleasure Centers in the Brain
I think it counts
then 1 2 8
ok keep up
Coming
don 't pull me, don 't pull me
Solve it yourself next time
Excuse me, can you help us?
Mother, what happened to us?
- I slid down and fell in. - Yeah, that happens a lot here.
what is this ?
robotic arm
What about the rest of the robot?
I only made the arm
Because that 's all you need, right?
Can 't you do me a favor?
ok ok wait keep calm
I need someone to arrange a wheelchair
I have a man 's dick caught by a robot
Can 't you keep a low profile?
Sorry we didn 't have a codename for 'little brother grabbed by a robotic hand'
Why connect it to a computer? Eh, it 's to control the arm
but it dies
Have you tried closing and restarting?
Don 't you have to understand that this is much more complicated!

Winnie the Pooh is finally out of the honey tree
So can we eat biscuits and drink soda?
You 're right
Lots of gains tonight
Tonight I saw a whole new side of A my F arrah F owler
I haven 't done it with 31 people I 'd love to do the math
But the numbers never lie P enny
Anyway, since A my and I have been together for quite a while
I feel more confident to move on to the next step in our relationship that is ?
Through artificial insemination and surrogacy
to bestow upon mankind our children
Are you still thinking about that?
Shouldn 't human beings be given a gift in such a turbulent situation?
Well guess what? I 'm going to do a new method
S heldon if you 're going to make a baby in a petri dish with A my
I 'll go and tell your mom, there 's no threat at all
My mom always thinks about having a grandson
huh? your devout christian mom
Will I have a test tube baby born out of wedlock?
Damn you if I had thought of this
I can save time tonight
it 's not too late
You can still go out and find your Mr. 32
Good night hi Howard what 's the matter?
I decided not to have children
nice
Howard, don 't panic, what 's wrong again?
The subtitles of this forum are only translated for communication and learning. Any commercial use is prohibited, otherwise the translation will be at your own risk:
JTF an Xia Sheng Panda Hui Hui Fang Proofreading: Grandpa
