0 0 : 0 0 : 0 0 , 0 0 0 - - &gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 0 2 , 9 8 6 - = Eden Forum http://www.ydy.com = - Honorary publication This subtitle is for learning exchange only , Strictly not for commercial avenues - = COSL - YTET Group Studio = - Translation: Pom Pom Proofreading: Pom Pom If something is wrong with Maryalice we should know
God knows, she lives no more than 50 feet from us
Gabby , she took her own life
something must happen
Every time I meet him, he wants to touch my ass
I did over $200,000 in business with him last year
If he wants to touch you, let him touch
why are you unhappy?
It turns out that what I asked for was useless
what is this?
A letter to Mary Alice
Oh, Mary Alice, what the hell did you do?
(I know what you 've done it makes me so sick I 'm going to tell . . . )
Strange things happen when we die
we don 't feel
Taste, touch, smell and hearing become distant memories But our sight, our horizons widen
We can see the world we leave behind. Of course, the dead can see the world, and the living can see it too. They just don 't want to take the time to see it.
like my friend Gabrielle
I should have seen how unhappy she was but I didn 't
I only saw her French fashion her platinum jewelry and her brand new diamond watch
if i looked more closely
I 'll see Gabrielle as a drowning woman desperately looking for a raft of life
Fortunately, she found
Of course, Gabrielle just found her young gardener to breathe new life into her
But now she wants to try
how wonderful her life can be
The death!
Hurry, hurry, hurry! Hurry up! go!
hurry up!
I still have clothes?
I 'll find it, get out
where to go?
- outside the window - what?
go, go!

hello darling, you came back so early
My meeting is cancelled
Didn 't you take a shower this morning?
I, uh, I just finished working out
where is john ?
J o h n ?
Yeah, there 's his lawnmower outside
Gabrielle panicked
She knew that if her husband found out about her secret she would be destroyed in his wrath
hello mr solis
Hi John, is that tree ready?
- I 'll take care of this as soon as I 'm done.- Okay
- But she quickly remembered . . . . . .
- OK
- Carlos Invisible Places . . . . . .
- no problem
can 't affect her
Episode 2 - Ah, Behind the Scenes
Recently Wisteria Lane 's seemingly peaceful life was shattered first by my suicide and then by discovery
A note in the relic hints at a possible reason for my suicide
My friends get together to discuss what it implies
I think we should give it to Paul
Susan, he 's still in grief, he 's likely to lose his mind
It doesn 't matter, she 's his wife and he deserves to know all the facts
We can do it a little bit smarter
We can tell him when we 're chatting
That would be interesting 'Paul, we have evidence of your wife 's suicide
There are some behind-the-scenes secrets. Another thunderbolt? '
we might be able to call the police
Maybe it 's just a trick
If it 's a joke, it 's too low
N o ,   t h i s   w a s   s e r i o u s .
I knowitwas . No, it shouldn 't be a joke, I know
We 're going to find the truth
See what we can do, maybe the truth isn 't so happy
But, is that better than hiding in the ground?
I mean, if she actually did these horrible things.
It 's an old-fashioned question, isn 't it?
How well do we want to know our neighbors?
Friends ' words are worth considering
They know that every family has its own secrets as my sons and husbands might warn them before you dig the truth out
After hours of discussion, friends still can 't agree on what to do with this note
So they decided to get a good night 's sleep and discuss it tomorrow morning
But none of them slept well at night
Everyone 's thinking about my suicide and thinking I must be feeling very, very alone
See, loneliness is what my friends feel the most
Okay, I 'm awake
Okay
I have a question
Do you remember when you proposed to me?
For God 's sake . . . . . . we drove down the beach and drank a bottle of apple champagne and when we were done you turned to me and said
'Bree Mason, if you marry me
I will love you forever and ever'
Even though I 'm engaged to T y Grant even though my dad doesn 't like you
I still promise to marry you
That was a long time ago. You 're going to cancel the meeting with the lawyer and go to a marriage counselor.
- You made a promise.
All right
Okay, I 'm going to get myself a glass of hot milk
Would you like to order a drink?
As long as it 's not apple champagne
Susan woke up alone that night and was very thirsty and when she looked out the window she saw a big glass of water to quench her thirst
'Dear Diary, Mike didn 't even know I existed'
Shut up if you want to date him, call him out
I always wanted him to take the initiative
The results of it? Why don 't you have a chocolate cake for your faggots?
I can 't find the measuring cup, can you see that?
Measuring cup?
Yes
I, oh, I 've been putting this here all the time, let 's look for it.
I know you haven 't slept
I know you 're a bastard
Sorry for the long dinner with Tanaka
Carlos, you know, I didn 't marry you to eat dinner alone six days a week
Do you know how bored I am today?
I was so bored that I actually cleaned the house once and for all
Come on, I bought you a present
no, no
Don 't expect this to send me away
great gift
Is it platinum?
yes put it on . . . . . . and have sex with me
i 'm not in the mood
We can stay awake and chat
When a man buys a woman very expensive jewelry he expects a lot in return but not a chat
- Hi, just kidding - yes, that 's right.
- What kind of medicine are you taking wrong? - let me go
Hey, you 've been a monster this month, what 's the matter?
I won 't let you go if you don 't tell me
Carlos, life is not so interesting anymore
what do you want me to do
I have no idea
just like you in the past
surprise me, surprise me
All right
- Hello, Susan - Mike
What 's wrong?
I thought maybe nobody would be here so I just wrapped a blanket
You look nice
Oh Bongo, stop calling
sorry, uh, it 's easy to intimidate
no, it 's okay
Got it, I didn 't mean to disturb you
goodbye
Do you want to have dinner with me?
Just the two of us?
uh, and Julie
When a new neighbor moves in
It 's an old tradition that we 'll invite them over for a dinner at home
I remember you said you were not good at cooking
Well, I call outside
Oh, you invite people over for dinner and order takeout
Yes, this, this is a new custom
my whim
Well, I 'll cook and you come to my house for dinner, how 's it going?
great
Friday night at six?
i will be there on time
ok let 's go
goodbye bongo
J u l i e !
Mike Delfino just invited us to dinner on Friday night
Yeah? so cool
But I want to go alone because you have a serious illness and need a good rest and a sling
Julie is happy that Susan is starting her love life again
Of course, she was unaware of her mother 's recent arson
It 's all over. . . . . . my ex-husband 's hard work over the years
all in vain
Okay, don 't worry about the clothes, I 've started to collect some clothes from the neighborhood

What? I don 't want to wear someone else 's old clothes
E die, you can be homeless, or you can wear shabby clothes, if both are enough for you
This reminds me that my insurance check hasn 't arrived yet.
Can I stay here for a few more weeks?
Of course, what is a Christian if I refuse to help a friend in distress?
Oh look at this, we can turn waste into treasure
your measuring cup
We scrape off the burnt part and it will look like new
That 's not my cup, mine is plastic
So how did it get here?
I don 't know what 's the big deal?
Now can you put that thing down and start looking for jewelry?
Dr. Albert Goldfein is the most experienced marriage counselor in town
He has dealt with countless problematic marriages from drug use to extramarital affairs to domestic violence
Yes, Dr. Albert Goldfein thought he knew about marriage until he met V ande K amps

Hello, I 'm Bree and this is my husband R ex . . . . . . I brought you some homemade fragrant flowers

you guessed it right
You 're going to make a fortune from us again
Guys, I am very...
take a seat
I don 't want to say it again
Buckle up your seat belt!
I 'm serious, please, I want to . . . . . .
The death!
Please show your driver 's license and registration card
Madam, do you know why I stopped you?
Appreciate further details
These little guys climb up and down they should sit up and wear their seat belts
I told them not to do this and they wouldn 't listen, there 's no way
You try to keep them in check, but that 's your job
Even though he 's been a cop for six years, Hayes finds his situation really dangerous this time.
He 'd never told a woman how to discipline a child before
Are you saying I 'm a failed mother?
Madam, please get back in the car
No one to help me my husband is always out of business
I must warn you to get back in the car immediately
My housekeeper has changed jobs
I haven 't slept well at night in six years and you 're standing here judging me
I won 't give you a fine
just to give you a warning
I accept your apology
fasten your seatbelt
Mrs Solis
hello Jonathan
Well, this is my room
I 'm sorry, it 's a mess, it 's okay
My mom just came over on Friday and she 's coaching my sister 's soccer team
Oh yes, I heard you say it
uh, john, we 're going to talk about what happened the other day
Mr. Solis is starting to doubt you, isn 't he?
no no no god bless him no evidence
It 's just that when you go to the garden you should really be gardening
Great, you want to break up with me in my bedroom

No, no, I didn 't mean to abandon you
Only you can make me happy these days
It 's just that we can 't have sex in my house anymore
So where do you want to do it?
How long until your mom gets back from the football game?
Mrs Solis
Better hurry up, we don 't have that much time
This is our family of four
Eldest sons Andrew 16 years old, Danielle 15 years old
Bree, I don 't need to see these pictures
You spend most of your time talking about trivial things
Really?
Yes, Reex speaks freely about his questions
Don 't you want to talk about how you feel about marriage?
Doctor, uh, you have to understand Bree . . . . . . she doesn 't want to talk about her feelings
Honestly, it 's hard to know if she still has feelings
Has she ever been angry, furious or ecstatic?
who knows?
She always looks so happy I can 't describe how annoying it is
No matter how she feels, it 's hidden inside, no one can know
I feel like she 's using these all the time. . . . . . .
What?
uh, sorry
Would you like to talk about what R ex just said?
Is what he said true?
Do you cover up your feelings with chores?
of course not

ah this is awesome
I 'm going to have a blast tonight
It 's easier to concentrate on anything after sex
Glad I could be of help. Education is important
Oh, I have something for you
I was going to give it to you the next time I cut the grass, but since you 're here
oh it 's a rose
This is no ordinary rose
Look at all these petals, there 's no blemish, it 's perfect
oh john
just like you
The truth hit her like a thunderbolt
I spent days looking for the perfect one and finally found it
It 's no longer an understatement for john
Gabrielle clearly sees that he has fallen in love with her
it 's beautiful
I. . . . . .
I have to go
goodbye
Hi, what are you holding?
Well, I asked Julie thank you so much, she suggested ribs
She said that 's your favorite food
oh yes i love ribs
Hi Mike, Susan
Hi, I 'm sorry about your house. What did you take?
ok i guess
Is someone throwing a party?
No, Susan invited me to her traditional welcome new neighbor dinner and I cook at my house

Haha, traditional, eh? Why haven 't I been invited?
Oh, it 's the new tradition
Oh, nothing too fancy just make some food at home
sounds good
Susan suddenly felt very uncomfortable in the stomach
I haven 't eaten anything but fast food lately
It 's like she 's watching a slow motion of an accident
She knows what 's going to happen but there 's nothing she can do
E die , would you like to join our dinner?
Oh, nice
But I don 't want to disturb the three of them, it 's not good
Not like that, I mean, Susan will bring Julie
yes, not like that
The more people the happier
- that would be great - all right
- Tomorrow night, starting at six. - Great
- By the way, Susan - what 's the matter?
This can make up for the dinner you owe me
yes huh
Should I tell her we 're having ribs?
Shouldn 't she be a vegetarian, should she?
oh no no no
No, E di is definitely a carnivore
Here it is, um. . . . .
This is what I prepared for E die
I 'm going to tell you that most of the clothes are not so outdated
Oh, it 's okay E die is a little beggar now that means she can 't be picky
Of course we don 't need to make it worse
Oh, I 'm going to make dinner
don 't greet me
- I won 't delay your work - it 's alright
By the way, I saw someone stopped by the police that day, is that you?
Yeah, the little guys are messing around in the car I can 't keep them honest for a while
Children are so willful
I did everything
Yelling, threatening, reasoning, pleading to no avail
I don 't know if it 's because they 're too young to understand me they keep challenging me for fun
My mom used to have a headache when I messed around in the car. There was one time when I was disobedient and she stopped the car and threw me on the side of the road and drove away.
are you kidding
She came back soon though, and I 've been honest since then
You can also try
Mrs Huber, I couldn 't have left my child by the roadside
You need to be creative when teaching your kids to obey the rules
My mom knows that, she 's a smart mom
Of course, she 's dead now, but her ideas do work
I almost forgot, I 'm going back to make dinner
All right
- Goodbye
Susan, can you find some old clothes for E die?
she 's not wearing it
I thought she was dressed like that on purpose
哦 ,   S u s a n   E d i e   m a y   b e   t r a s h ,   b u t   s h e ' s   s t i l l   a   h u m a n   b e i n g .
E die may be lackluster but still human
(I know what you 've done it makes me so sick I 'm going to tell . . . )

Zach? Is your dad at home?
i need to talk to him
- Hi, Paul - Hi
I hope I didn 't disturb you, in fact, I 'm getting ready to move
I just wanted to come over to say hi and see how you guys are doing
We 're moving. It 's a hassle.
i can think of
I mean, don 't know why Mary Alice . . . . .
what why?
why do that let me help you
I come by myself
I 'm so sorry if I upset you
Can I be straight?
Of course I don 't care why
Maybe she 's down, maybe she 's tired of life
none of this matters
But she deserted her husband and son and I will never forgive her
I can 't help feeling sad for Susan when I look at her
She wanted so much to know why I . . . . . .
why commit suicide
But just wanting to know isn 't enough
You have to know where to find the facts
But the truth is not so obvious because it 's clear where to hide
Hi Julie
I told your mother to donate some clothes to E die
She 's with Mrs. V ande K amp and I 'll go upstairs to see if she has anything to donate
I, I, uh, just looking at your new measuring cup
Yeah, the old one is lost
Yeah?
I can 't find clothes sorry
It does not matter
If you want me to look again
No, you 've already helped me a lot. Really
Bree, Reex just called and he can 't come here to meet you today
Apparently the hospital has a first aid mission
oh ok i wish he called me
He suggested that maybe you would like to talk to me alone
You have been talking very little during our meeting
What?
Oh no, thank you, I have something to deal with today
you, are you sure?
Uh, yes, sure.
Dr. Goldfine, I want you to help me with something
What 's up?
take off coat
So now you 're going to take Julie to dinner with Mike?
Yes, I think, if E die is there, I need emotional support
I can 't believe she 's trying to get in too.
- You 'd actually allow her to do that - I don 't know.
I was trying to get her out of the way but it happened so fast
Well, you know what to do, you gotta go early and spend a little longer with Mike before the little whore
good idea
E die should be there 5:45, which means she might be there at 5:30
And I 'll be there at 5:00, you 're right
I was about to take these upstairs
I 'm about to go home with my little bag
where did you get the very beautiful roses
Oh, John gave it to me
John ? your gardener? Did he send you roses?
Yes
I opened a new garden outside and he sent me flowers to decorate
It 's really pretty, isn 't it?
Yes
I 'm sure Floyd definitely disapproved of that
Oh, who cares what he thinks?
I majored in psychology in college and we know Freud perfectly
a miserable man
Why did you say that? Oh, bring this up . . .
He lived in a late 19th century environment with little equipment available
His mother had to take care of everything by herself, toiled from morning to night, not to mention the countless sacrifices she may have made for the family
What did he do? He grew up and came up with a theory of making a name for himself
What to say most adult problems can be traced back to some bad things his mom did
She must have felt betrayed
He knows she works hard
And know what she did for him
Has he thought about saying thank you?
i doubt
for you
As you know a lot of Freud 's theories are misnomers
very good
Guys, I won 't repeat sit down, I mean it
i 'm really pissed
You bastards, you poke so many holes if you don 't come back to your seats
This is the first time Lynette feels the kids aren 't kidding
but challenge her
She decided it was time to get creative

Get out of the car, you 're not good, I warned you, you can 't sit in the car
you, get off
- Where is mom going? - I have no idea
mom is a genius
5 , 6 - - Okay
I 'll go back now
children?
If you guys were hiding, it 's time to come out because mom doesn 't think it 's funny
oh sorry
I 'm sorry, I 'm looking for my kids three red-haired boys
- Did you see them? - Yes, I also saw you throw them on the side of the road and drive away
I know, I just wanted to scare them off a little bit
Did you see where they went?
Yes, saw them in my kitchen
Listen, uh, I think there 's something wrong with the way you manage
I have 4 kids under 6 and of course I 'm going to have a rage management style
Yes, I think you need to talk to someone because abandoning your kids is . . . . . .
Hey, I, I didn 't abandon them, I 'm back
I 'm just saying it 's not normal
It 's my kids who are abnormal now I don 't have time to discuss this, ma 'am, so...
Don 't get out, kids, they can 't go anywhere unless you calm down
- Back in the car - She gave us cookies
Okay, take the cookies and let 's go
- Oh, no, no, stay inside - I don 't think so, ah!
- Listen, ma 'am, you and I need to have a good talk- Let go of my mom
let me go
what 's wrong with you?
Run, kids, run!
Damn, ah!
You come back children, you quickly tie... . . . .
Hurry up and get back to me or I 'll call the social services agency
Oh my god
Carlos, are you crazy?
What I saw when I was passing by a car dealership and I was thinking: G abrielle would definitely look dashing in the car
I paid a lot for it
GPS Navigation System, 200W Audio, Parking Radar . . . . . .
oh my gosh, so handsome
Did I surprise you?
absolute
Is this the best gift you 've ever received?
Gabrielle can see that Carlos has put a lot of thought into it and she can only repay him in the only way she knows
She has a feeling that the truth is in her husband 's hands no matter what
After all, few people know how to cherish the value of a rose
Hope you don 't mind if I come over sooner and see if I can help?
Hi Susan
Don 't worry, Mike and I are doing well here
B o n g o
I don 't understand why it keeps calling at you
I wouldn 't mind, dogs are sensitive
What 's the matter? Bongo, eh?
You never know what annoys them
In the distance, Susan felt as if he heard a death knell
O o h ,   i s   i t   a   s t r a n g e   n o i s e ,   h u h ?
W h a t   i s   i t ?
A weirdsmell? Oh, what 's the noise or something? A strange taste?
the first bell rang
listen, all i want to say is
The theory that 'a slap doesn 't make a sound' is bullshit
It 's all her fault
Not so, R ex
Well, what bad things have I done in twenty years
You don 't say anything because I 'm a perfect husband to admit it will kill you
Re ex, I 'm curious. . . . . . Have you ever realized the benefits of living with Bree?
Um?
You yourself admit that your home is always clean
Your clothes are always flat ironed and you have a great meal every day
Putting aside her flaws for now, do you want to say thank you?
thanks?
Yes

B o n g o !
Bongo, go down
go away, uh, go down
Excuse me
Um, who 's that guy who lives across from Mrs. Huber?
M, it 's Mr. Mullen
You know, if he invites you to his house he 'll let you say hi to all his pets
no problem, i like animals
He specializes in collecting taxidermy
thanks for your reminder
Is Mr. Mullen 's brother your divorce attorney?
uh, yes, it 's him
Can I say something?
From the bottom of my heart I still believe that you and Carl will be back together
real?
oh yes me, i 've never seen a couple so in love
I mean, she 's never met a man with whom she 'll have chemistry, never again
Now all Susan can do is keep smiling
The second death knell sounded and she had lost the first round
- Mrs. Britt, you know what?
- E die did not expect
- Do you know who I like very much together?
- Susan also has an ally.
Mr A uthwell, your fourth husband
Oh, he 's the second I 've only been married twice
twice?
Didn 't you marry the guy with the full body tattoo who ended up being handcuffed away?
no, Julie, she 's not married to Javier
That 's just one of the friends with whom she has a special relationship
I think we should change the subject unless you want to keep talking about this
B ongo , come down
Wait, I 'll show you something exciting, Bongo
it likes to eat that sauce
while you are preparing the salad
I taught it a few tricks above
Susan feels angry E die uses a dog to win his master 's favor
She 's also angry that Mike didn 't see through her botched tricks
But more . . . . . .
Well, I 'll go get some dessert
She 's mad at herself for not thinking about this ahead of time
I can 't even tame him to sit
You are a great dog the best, yes

Haha, I 've never seen it walk on two legs
It knows who to kiss, doesn 't it? it knows who to make out with
here comes dessert
Thanks, Mum, it looks delicious
oh look
Looks like Bongo is finally in love with Susan
Yes, we just cleared up the misunderstanding and are now the last of friends
oh what a dog
B ongo , are you all right ?
what 's wrong with it?
I don  ' tknow . I  ' veneverheardhimmaketh atsound . I don 't know, I 've never heard it make that noise
Hey , youokay , pal ? Hey old friend, how are you?
M om . Mom?
H e y ,   y o u   a l l   r i g h t ?
And ouokay?
Comeon. Hi, how are you? alright, hurry up

Call the vet on the fridge and tell him I 'll be there soon
Okay, don 't worry, I 'll stay here and clean this up
thank you, E die
Is there anything I can do to help?
Need not
- hi- hi
How is Bongo?
uh, i 'm waiting here to see if surgery is required
oh my god

Me, I stopped and bought this . . .
I 'm very, very sorry
I 'm really sorry I got mad at you just now I just...
Oh no, it 's okay
good news
no surgery
oh great
Let 's give it something to eat and help it get the earrings out
Do you need us to give you the earrings back when you get them out?
No
Okay, you can take it home in an hour or so
You must feel relieved
I 'm sorry, I 'm just really worried
Of course, that 's your dog, I can understand
In fact, that was my wife 's dog uh . . . the last thing she told me before dying in the hospital was to make me promise to take good care of him
Mum, I promised her I would. That 's when Susan suddenly saw something she 'd never seen before
It 's, uh, very important to her
Mike Delfino still loves his late wife
If, uh, if something happens to it, I feel like I 've let her down
I know it sounds stupid but I . . . . . . she understood immediately that neither she nor E die can take his heart anytime soon
no, no, not at all
So she decided that from now on she would just be his friend
This is for you, it 's for Bongo
you give him this
Yes. When I look back at the world behind me I see so clearly there is so much beauty to discover

and so many mysteries to be revealed
But people rarely stop to take a look, they just keep walking
It 's a real shame there 's so much to see
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - The subtitles of this forum are only for translation and learning purposes. Any commercial use is prohibited. Otherwise, the consequences will be at your own risk- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
- = COSL - YTET Group Studio = - Translation: Pompong Proofreading: Pompong
