



What do you think of this tie Whatdoyouthinkofthisti e ? Thank God Oh , thank God .
I thought Barney Stinson was calling before the wedding Barney S tinsonneedsyourightbe forehiswedding ,
It 's for me to help him with the corpse of a prostitute hidden in the closet youassumethere  ' satleastonedeadhooker inthecloset , right ?
Is this one any better I sthisonebetter ? This tie is awesomeL ook , thetieisgreat ,
You 're just a little nervous before the wedding. And, youknow, it 's perfectlynormal. It 's normal to have somepre-weddingjitters. I 'm not nervous I 'mnothavingjitters.
I just thought once I put on this tie I tjustoccurstomethaton ce I putthistieon,
I can 't take it off. I can 't take it off. I have to wear it all my life. I havetowearthistiefore verandever.
Although this tie is now slim A ndsure , thistie  ' sskinnynow ,
What if it gets fat and snorts at me but whathappensifitget sfatandstartsbossingm earound ? Did I make a bad decision D id I makeamistake ?
Would I be happier with another tie W ould I havebeenhappierwithth eothertie ?

Ted can I tell you a big secret T ed , can I tellyouabigsecret ? Of course Yeah , ofcourse .
I 'm not actually talking about a tie I 'mnotreallytalkingabou tthetie.
I understand Barney No , I got that , Barney .
I wonder if this whole thing is going to be a disaster
What if it turned out to be the worst wedding ever Whatifthisisteworstwe ddingever ?
Impossible Not possible .
We 've been to the worst wedding ever, We 'vealreadybeentothewor stweddingever.
Little Pink Fist 's Wedding P unchy  ' swedding .
Matthew literally ruined it. Marshallreallytookatwo flusheronthatone.



Do you mind Guys , beforewego , wouldyoumind
Listen to me reading my wedding speech readingmyweddingtoast ? - no problem - of course - O h , yeah , noproblem . - Sure .
Well anyway I don 't have to choose U m , allright , if I haveto .
Well A llright .
People have prepared all kinds of different versions. T here  ' safewdifferentversion s .
Ted why are you taking so much trouble to write your congratulations T ed , whyareyouworkingsohar donthistoast ?
People Xiaofanquan is in the bowling alley P unchybelchedhispropos al
Just grab a K 's mic and propose throughakaraokemicata bowlingalley. Well I never told you Okay, look, I ' venevertoldyouguysthi s,
But over the years some of my old high school friends butovertheyears , afewofmyoldhighschool buddies have invited me to speak haveaskedmetogivewedd ingtoasts at their weddings , the result is not very good and theyhaven  ' tgonegreat .
Joan and Mora 's love is beautiful Joeland Mora  ' sloveisabeautifulthin g .
I thought I had that too I thought I had that . . .
Turns out my fiancée left me at the altar last week tillmyfianceeleftmeat thealtarlastweek . They won 't let me talk about it so I won 't talk about it I wasaskednottotalkabou tthis , so I won  't .

I sometimes sit outside her house at night
After I lost my job last week, A fter I lost myjoblastweek ,
They won 't let me read the congratulations uh , I wasasked nottogivethis toast . . . no I 'm going to say No , no , no !
Happy couples need to hear this saying T hehappycoupleneedstoh earthis .
Good flowers don 't bloom often, good times don 't grow in Thingsend .
Statistically speaking, the two of you are likely to get divorced But fromtheashesofyours tatistically
Then form a shadow alone and die alone probabledivorce, but the dead tree ends in spring hopecanriseanew.
So I 'm going to start my own architectural firm, Thatiswhy I 'mstartingmyownarchitecturefirm - - M osbius Designs [ M osbius French national treasure artist ] M osbius Designs .
three months later
M osbius Design closed its doors for good. M osbius Design shas failed .
But Alex and Jessica 's love reminds us But A lexand J essica  ' sloveremindsusthat . . .
Oh my God, God!
C lassic S chmosby . Xiaofanquan puts all the low points of your life on the Internet W hoa .
P u n c h y   p o s t e d   t h e   l o w   p o i n t s   o f   y o u r   l i f e   o n l i n e ?
Not so simple Oh, notjustthat.
Mosby Design closes down ** M osbius Design shasfailed but Alex and Jessica 's love reminds us * * B ut A lexand J essica  ' sloveremindsusthat . . . me me me we * * T ha - tha - tha - tha - tha . . .
Oh my God, God! So now I 'm in the minds of all my high school friends Sonow I seemlikeatotaltrainwr eck
Just a downright unlucky ghost toallmyoldhighschoolf riends . There is also a group of witnesses in Finland A ndabunchofpeople in Finland .
That remix video caused quite a stir with them Theauto - tunethinggotkindofbig overthere .
So I have to get this speech done T hat  ' swhy I havetonailthistoast .
Ted whatever you want to get your wedding done T ed , youwanttonailsomethin gatthiswedding - -
This tome must be thrown away first. Losethe Trapper Keeper.
The only thing you need to bring to Cleveland Theonlythingyouneedtob ringto C leveland is this isthis.

I plan to frame it I plannedonhavingitfram ed--

Your speech should read Here  'syourtoast - -
' Ladies want autographs, please line up and say no to fat girls' ' S inglefile , ladies .
N ofatties ' That 's absurd T hat  ' sridiculous .
Yeah you 're right there but Cleveland Yeah, you  ' reright .
I t ' s   C l e v e l a n d .
Then 'Ladies, please line up for autographs' 'Singlefile, ladies'
For more original subtitle translations produced by the YY e T s subtitle group, please visit www . YY e T s . net
■ Timeline: YY Late stage: Gufan Subtitle Director: YY ■
Translation: Vero Feiyan Aheng One Piece Two Solo Drunk Late Stage: Gu Fan Subtitle Director: YY
■
Proofreading: YY Late stage: Gufan Subtitles Director: YY
■
How I Met Your Mother Season 7 Episode 1
I don 't want to show off a magazine tobragaboutamagazine at Xiaofanquan 's wedding I 'mnotgoingto P unchy ' swedding . . . although the cover is my cover.
Barney he doesn 't need your dating advice Barney , hedoesn  ' tneeddatingadvicefrom you . You haven 't dared to call Nora yet You ouneverevencalled Noora .
Kids, you remember Nora, Kids, youremember Nora.
But just a few days ago Butjusttheotherday . . .
- I 'll call you later - it 's never too late Barney - I 'llcallyou .
-   I t ' s   n e v e r   t o o   l a t e ,   B a r n e y .
Or have you called O rdidyoucallher?
I don 't care? Not that I care.
D i d   y o u ?
I really don 't care if I fight or not. I don  ' tcare .
D i d   y o u ?
Actually I haven 't called I haven  ' tcalledher .
- Dude - Damn Barney - Buddy .
- D a m n   i t ,   B a r n e y .
I sincerely hope that you are together from the bottom of my heart I wasreally , really , really rootingforyoutw o .
Who wants spicy chicken wings Howantshotwings?
I want I  ' min .
Why don 't you just pour hot sauce on Barney O rmaybeweshouldjustpou rhotsauceon Barney ,
Because he 's just a cowering chicken [ coward ] sincehe  ' satotalchicken . I didn 't flinch I didnotchickenout .
Nora is looking for true love No orais looking for someth ingserious .
And I 'm not so out of the picture I 'mnot. Endofstory.
And Robin, I would like some chicken wings. Andyes, Robin, I wouldlovesomewings.
Eating this family has no conscience Can annibal .
Okay next round I pay O kay , nextround  ' sonme . - no no we have enough - no no - O h , no , wegotit .
- No, no. . .
Lily and Matthew just found out N ow L ilyand Marshallhadjustfoundou t
They had a baby they were havingababy .
- I 'm going to announce the good news right away - Baby can 't - I can  ' twaittotelleveryone . - Baby , no ,
For the first three months we will keep Wecan  ' ttellanyone confidential .
There is a saying that the baby in the womb in the first three months of pregnancy does not want others to know about it or it may be miscarriedN otuntilthreemonths . I don 't want bad things I don  ' twanttojinxit .
Are you a little too superstitious? T hat  ' sabitsuperstitious , don  ' tyouthink ?
Who licks the plane every time we board a plane When heneverweboardaflight , youlicktheplane . Have we ever had a plane crash Havewecrashedevenonce ?
Anyway, don 't mention a word before making sure everything goes well D on  ' tsayaworduntilweknowe verything  ' sokay .
D e a l ?
Okay but I know everything is going to go very smoothly Deal .
B u t   e v e r y t h i n g ' s   j u s t   g o i n g   t o   b e   g r e a t .
I promise I promise.
How do you guarantee Howcanyouguaranteethat ?
Come over to Comehere.
I 'm so happy I don 't know I 'mjustsohappy. I don 'tknowhow
What to do in these three months so as not to be discovered we  ' regoingtokeepthissecr etforthreemonths . Don 't be nervous .
I t ' l l   b e   e a s y .

What do you want What  ' llyouhave ? Four beers plus a non alcoholic Fourbeers , plusonenon - alcoholic .
You 're pregnant, let me hug mommy-to-be You  ' repregnant !
G e t   i n   h e r e !
Then we set off back to my hometown A ndsoweallheadedtomyho metown
Go celebrate the big day of Xiaofanquan whereweplannedtoceleb rate P unchy  ' sbigday .
And Uncle Barney has other plans Uncle Barney had different plans .
Get ready Cleveland Getready , C leveland .
Last one fucked you guys like this T helastmantoscrewyouth ishard
And then disappeared without a trace was LeBron James thendisappear was LeBron James. Formerly with the Cleveland Cavaliers then went to the Miami Heat for a championship
You  ' retrying to getlaidhere here
-   G o d ,   B a r n e y ,
Tonight is the wedding night between T ed  ' sannoyingfriend and wha t  ' s - her - face . Don 't be too presumptuous. H avesomerespect .
This is not just kidnapping a girl to bed T hisisn  ' tjustgettinglaid .
This is market research T hisismarketresearch.
My legend win rate is 83% Yosee , mylegendarysuccessrat eof 8 3 % . . . should be 17% he always turns right and wrong 1 7 - it 's alwaystheinverse . It 's no accident . . . doesn 't thappenbyaccident.
E verysingleplay I runonwomen has been meticulously practiced hasbeenmeticulouslyfi eld - tested . Using Cleveland B yweedingout
The badplaysinsmallerm arketslike C leveland ,
To know which one applies to New York I know whichoneswillwork in New York. For example,
The first show tonight is tonightmarkstheinaugu ralflight oftheescapedmanslaugh terer .
A reescapedmanslaughter erssexy ?
No.
Exactly true but only when I do it myself will I know if it 's true or false Exactly .
W e ' l l   n e v e r   k n o w   u n l e s s   I   t r y   i t   o u t   t o n i g h t .
Urine S chmosby !
O h !
Poop faces hello Turd - faces !
W h a t ' s   u p ? !
This ring is so frustrating Youreallyfeelthatringn ow .
So glad you all came to S ogladyouallmadeit .
Free Bar Cheers Poo Face Openbar .
D r i n k   u p ,   t u r d - f a c e s ,
It 's all in Kelly 's dad 's account ' cause Kelly  ' sdad  ' spayingforallthis ,
And he hates me to the bone andhehatesmyguts. That 's right I t 'strue.
Who 's going to fight wine, come on, Who  ' sdoingshots ?
C o m e   o n ,   l e t ' s   g o .
No thanks Oh , no , thankyou .
Are you pregnant or what? What are youpregnatorso mething ?
Don 't get drunk, let 's gethammered!

You are drinking for two tonight dear You  ' redrinkingfortwotonight , baby .
I will fight for our children I will do this for the child . - Long live the Browns - Long live the Browns - Go Browns !
-   G o   B r o w n s !

That 's the NFL In AFC regularseasonplay, if they say Super Bowl you 'd say Vikings come on, but if they mean the Super Bowl, go Vikings.
The Browns belong to the Cleveland Vikings to Matthew 's hometown of Minnesota
爽 Y owza!
Escapedmanslaughterers - - notsexy .
Although an afterthought, the idea was indeed not thoughtful enough thatwaskindofaflawedc oncept.
Next patient zero [number one source of infection] N extup , patientzero .
Lily tonight we have a good drink Lily , wearegettingsloshed to night .
It 's all up to you dear T hat  ' salyou , baby . I 'll drink four more on an empty stomach I  ' llbefourshotsinwithno food .
After nine months, my mother 's vagina will be squeezed out In nninemonths , I  ' llbepushing
Eriksen baby apumpkin - headed E riksenbabyoutofmyhoo - ha .
I think Dad can still handle these drinks. I think P apacanmanageafewextra cocktails. Well said Wellplayed.

So cool [African Swahili] H akuna Matata !
I gotta get some air I, uh, I gottogetsomeair.


God you look at him God, willyoulookatthatguy.
I wish Barney could reconnect with me. I wish B arneyweremyboyfrienda gain .
Forget it No , thanks . Wait this is your tone of truth Waitaminute .
T h a t ' s   y o u r   t r u t h   v o i c e .
My what M ywhat ?
Every time you want to cover up the truth with a joke When you  ' retryingtopasssomethi ngoffasajoke laugh and pass it ,butit  ' sactuallyprofoundlytr ue ,youusethatvoice .
I wish the Spice Girls would reunite
Terrible T heworst.

It was T hatwasme that I put. I couldn 't hold back I totallycutone at all.
That guy sucks T hatguy .
Birthday present from myd ad from my dad. All I really want is A ll I reallywantisforhim
a sentence he loves me totellmethathelovesme .
Just kidding Justkidding . This pen is enough T hispen  ' senough .
Not enough It  ' snotenough .
Totally enough I t  ' stotallyenough .
Oh my God Oh , my God .
You still havefeelingsfo r Barney .
Admit it you have no love for him Admitit , you stillhavefeelingsf or Barney . You are more drunk than I thought Youaredrunkerthan I thought .
- Look at how stupid he is - wait a minute - I mean , lookattheguy . - Wait , wait , wait .
Please complete the following survey before you go Before yougo , please answer the follow ingsurvey
So that I can give you a better chance in the future to help mebetterbangyou in the future .
A You don 't believe D idyou A ) notbelieve
I am the holder of Guinness World Records I wasaworldrecordholder ?
Or are these nails disgusting to you or B ) didthefingernailsgros syouout ? I look forward to your congratulations, I can  ' twaitforyourtoast , S chmosby .
Yeah, the faucet won 't turn off. Yeah, herecomethewaterworks.
Wait you agree with me crying at your wedding breakdown Wait . You  ' rerootingformetomeltd ownatyourownwedding ?
Looking forward to everyone Y eah , everyoneis .
And some new friends from Finland P lusafewnewfriendsfrom F inland .

Good luck ursby Hey , goodluck , Schmos .
Good Luck Good Luck G oodluck , goodluck .
Take the Takeit now.
Let them know how good you are S howthemhowawesomeyoua re.
To be cheeky and publicize your hard work Shamelesslyplugyoursel f , soyoucanshamelesslypl ug ,
- A penny - I said it all - let  ' ssaythat . - I told you ,
I 'm not here to show off ok I  ' mnotheretobrag , okay ?
Enough T hat  ' sit .
You are too humble You  ' retoopolitetobrag .
Well Well, fine. Let me come to Letme.
Because there is only one person in this world Matthew Erickson B ecausetheonlypersonon E arth
Loves Ted Mosby more than Matthew Eriksen wholoves T ed Mosbymorethan Marshall Eriksen , that is Drunk Marshall Eriksen isdrunk Marshall Eriksen . Good play S ogameon .




Barney and I worked hard but we broke up. Barney and I tried and failed .
It 's been two years since T hatwastwoyearsago .
This is totally unreasonable I twouldn ' tevenmakesense.
It is wonderful that not everything requires a reasonable feeling. I tdoesn ' thavetomakesense.
I t ' s   c h e m i s t r y .
My sixth sense has always been keen on this sort of thingL ook , I  'vealwayshadasixthsens eaboutthesethings .
Plus now I 'm pregnant A ndnowthat I ' mpregnant . . .
I conceived this idea with this sideainmymind-uterus in my brain as a womb, I see it more clearly now I seethingsevenclearer.
Barney and how you feel about each other You and Barney have the kindofche mistry
- Not all gone - really - thatjustdoesn  ' tgoaway . - Really ?
Then why would he want to tinker with everything that moves? Then whyishetrying to L e B ronanythingthatmoves ?
You don 't buy it because D idthisnotworkforyou A vampire is played badly because A ) vampiresareplayedout ,
Or B ) claiming that I also invented F acebook was a big lie waskindofahatonahat ? He didn 't call Nora because of you You  ' rethereasonhenevercal led Nora .
It is also because of you that he is only doing market research here tonight. You  ' rethereasonhe  ' onlytest - marketingtonight .
More because of you he always strikes out other women on purpose. A ndyou ' rethereasonhekeepsstr ikingoutonpurpose.
This is love Chemistry.
Wow Ted W hoa !
T e d !
Is the man on the cover of New York magazine really you I sthatreallyyouontheco verofmagazine ?
You say yes Now , you say ' yes ' - stop saying it - ursby - P leasestop .
- Schmosby. What 's this about amagazine about this magazine?
No big deal Clay Youknowwhat , C lay ?
I t  ' snobigdeal . I tell you this is a big deal Youknowwhat ?
I t   i s   a   b i g   d e a l .
Clay My friend Ted is designing a skyscraper C lay , myfriend T edisdesigningaskyscra per , C lay .
What have you been doing lately Clay Whathaveyoubeenupto , C lay ?
I also work for a car rental company Well , I  'mstillworkingattheren talcarcompany . . .
Not bad good Bravo , bravo , C lay .
Is there any publisher who wants to write a nymajorpublicationswa nttowriteanarticle
Articles about your car rental company ah onyoursweetrentalcarg ig ? No No, noarticles . My life is dull M ylife  ' sprettydull .
My only news lately is this little guy I guesstheonlynewsisthi slittlegal.
Oh my God, look at this little baby Oh , my God , wookatthewittlebaby .
She is so cute S heissocute .
I really want to put her little feet A ll I wanttodoisputherlittl efeet
Put it in my mouth inmymouth . You have created such a cutie You  've created somethingtru lybeautiful .
She is all my S heismyeverything .
I think this is a big deal. I mean , it  ' skindofabigdeal . . .
Skyscrapers yeah thebuilding , youknow ? Hey , littleone .
This little angel can sleep until dawn without crying at night S o , thislittleangel  ' salreadysleepingthrou ghthenight ?
I  'vehadsomesleeplessnig hts when I designed this building . . .
Tried staying up all night designing thisbuilding . This has no symbolic meaningNothingsymbolicaboutth at .

Forget it Letitgo.
Barney and I have no feelings for each other. T hereisnochemistry left between mean and Barney .
We 're over We ' redone early. Really prove it to me and tell him Ohreally?
P r o v e   i t .   G o   t e l l   h i m .
Why should I tell him this W hywould I gotellhimthat ?
Even now Barney doesn 't realize it but deep down Becausedeepdown , evenifheisn  ' tawareofithimself ,
He is Barneywantstobewithyou who wants to be with you.
If you can 't Andifit  ' snotgonnahappen, he deserves to know the result hedeservestoknow.
Well Fine .

Barney everything is obvious Barney, justsoeverythingiscry stalclear . . . I know what you 're gonna say I knowwhatyou ' regonnasay.
We 're going to show Cleveland L et  ' sshow C levelandhowit  ' sdone with an action show.
D eee L ite 'G rooveisintheheart' the ice water you splashed on my back * *T hechillsthatyouspillu pmyback
Satisfying my heart* * L eavemefilledwithsatis faction we were over with the results* * W henwe  ' redone , satisfactionofwhat  ' stocome I couldn 't ask for anything else* * I couldn  ' taskforanother
Now I have nothing else to ask for * * N ow I couldn  ' taskforanother
elated * * G rooveisintheheart
ecstatic* * G rooveisintheheart ecstatic* * G rooveisintheheart ecstatic* * G rooveisintheheart
One Two Three One , two , three
Heart flower angry * * G rooveisinyourheart
ecstatic* * G rooveisintheheart ecstatic* * G rooveisintheheart ecstatic* * G rooveisintheheart
elated * * G rooveisintheheart
Barney . . . I . . .
B a r n e y . . .
I . . .
Sorry Sorry.
My God is Nora Oh , my God , it  's Nora .

Nora finally called me back Nora 's finally calling meback.
wait you said you didn 't call her Wait , you said you never called her .
I lied. I called about five times. I lied.
I   c a l l e d   h e r ,   l i k e ,   f i v e   t i m e s .
等 等   W a i t ,   w a i t !
I can 't handle this situation, you know it best Youofallpeopleknowhowm uch I suckatthesethings .
You must help me beg you Yougottahelpme .
P lease ? This is my first Justonce I wouldlike
Want to do one thing seriously toseewhatitfeelsliket onotscrewthingsup .
Okay Yeah, mm-hmm.
Okay Okay.
Nora thank you for calling me back Hey , Nora . T hanksforcallingmeback .
Hello, I 'll call you U m , hey , hi .
T h e - t h e - t h e   r e a s o n   t h a t ,   u m ,
for . . . I calledis , uh . . .
totellyouhow I feelaboutyou . totellyouhow I feelaboutyou .
Although the first time we ended up breaking up I knowwedidn  ' tworkoutthefirsttime . . .
Although the first time we ended up breaking up I knowwedidn  ' tworkout the first time . . .
And I know that doesn 't mean anything . . . and I knowitdoesn  ' tmakeanysense . . .
But the thought that we belong to each other lingers in my mind . . . but I can  ' tshakethefeelingthatw ebelongtogether . But we belong to each other . . . but I can  ' tshakethisfeeling thatw ebelongtogether .
Would you like to give me another chance I sthereanypartofyoutha twantstotryagain ?
Would you like to give me another chance I sthereanypartofyoutha twantstotryagain ?

Honey I can 't hold back Baby , I can  ' ttakeitanymore .
I really want to tell everyone that you are pregnant I  ' vegottatellsomebodyth atwe  ' repregnant .
Eriksen stay E riksen , staystrong . We will keep this secret We  ' rekeeping this secret .
There are kids everywhere. T here ' sbabieseverywhere.
It is full of childlikeness everywhere. I t  ' slikeaminefieldofcute ness .
Check out this little bastard Lookatthislittlebastar d.
Matthew Stop hold on to Marshall, stopit.
S t a y   s t r o n g .
You can 't hold a little baby like this Youcan  ' tletholdingsome , somelittlebaby . . .
look at his cute little cheeks oh , with thecutelittlechee ks
his little lotus arms and the . . . thelittlearms and little pink legs and littlelegs . . . this little bastard has knee sockets T hissonofabitchhasknee dimples .
Announcing to everyone that I 'm pregnant L et  ' sgotelleveryone I  ' mpregnant . Y eah !


Are you all right Youokay ?
It 's alright, what about you. No ope.
You ?
Not so goodN otexcessively . Would you like to chat about it ?
Killed without saying No otevenalittle .
It might be better to say it Mightmakeyoufeelbetter.
Okay so O kay , fine , I  ' llmakeyouadeal :
You talk first and I yougofirst , andthen insist to kill without saying I  'llstickwithmythingabo utnottalkingaboutit . Okay O kay .
My high school classmates A llmyfriendsfromhighsc hool , all have beautiful wives they  ' reherewiththeirwives , theirkids .
What about me all night with only milky magazines for company Me ?
M y   d a t e   f o r   t h e   n i g h t   i s   a   s t i c k y   m a g a z i n e .
Sounds like a high school reenactment S oundslike highschoolal loveragain.
Sorry, jerking off to the magazine is also the dirty part of Sorry, itwasrightthere.
Once I believed in fate I usedtobelieveindestin y , youknow ?
I went to buy bagels and saw a beautiful girl in line I  ' dgotothebagelplace , seeaprettygirlinline
She watched my favorite novel and hummed a readingmyfavoritenovel , whistlingthesong lingering in my head for a week I would think that  ' sbeenstuckinmyheadall week and I  ' dthink , God maybe she 's the one for me Wow .
H e y ,   m a y b e   s h e ' s   t h e   o n e . "
And now I think I know that bitchN ow I think,' I justknowthatbitchisgo nnatake
Will buy all the leftover whole wheat bagels thelastwhole-wheateverythingbagel. 'You 're just too focused on your work You 'vejustbeenfocusedonwork.
No o , it  ' smorethanthat .
The fire of faith in my heart is extinguished I  ' vestopped believing .
The way to cry during a speech ' I  ' mgonnacryduring mytoas t ' Way .
Rather, it was subconsciously until I realized tonight that Notinaway I evennoticeduntiltonight .
Day by day the fire of faith in my heart is getting darker and darker I t  ' sjust , everyday , I think I believealittleless
The fire is slightly, and there is a slight light and light Andalittlelessandalit TLELESS. This feels like a bad A ndthat..
What should I do Tebrowski What do I do about that , S cherbatsky ?
You are Ted Mosby You  ' re T ed Mosby . You will rekindle the fire of faith You start believing again .
Do you believe in what destiny?

Feel Chemistry.
Once you have the feeling, add one more and you 're done. I fyouhavechemistry, youonlyneedoneotherth ing. What 's that?
Opportunity Timing . It 's a pity that chance can be met by chance Buttiming  ' sabitch .


Is our forty deal still in effect Hey , westillhaveour 4 0 deal , right ?
If we were all single at forty . . .
I fwe  ' rebothstillsingleat 4 0 . . . I will definitely marry you I  ' mallyours . H mm
Just ask architects can make big money Unrelated, doarchitects make bigmo ney?
The menacing ones are not big money A ggressively medium money .
Thanks Damnit . S chmosby , you  ' reupintwominutes .
Promise me two things O kay , promisemetwothings ,
First rekindle the fire of faithO ne , youstartbelievingagai n ,
2nd Don 't cry SpyA ndtwo , don  ' tcryduring thetoast , S chmosby . I promise I promise . Good G ood .

I 'm pregnant We 'rehavingababy.
Really What , forreal ?
Really Forreal .
Everyone, please pay attention to Attention , everyone !
We are gathered tonight for this moment It  'stimeforthereasonwe  'reallheretonight .
Welcome to S chmosby 's stoast!
We gather tonight to celebrate love We  ' reheretonighttocelebr atelove .
Love brings us new life Lovebringsusnewlife . . .
you Hey!
This is not an emotional breakdown T hisisn  ' tameltdown .
It was tears of joy. Theseearetearsofjoy.
Ted happy for his friendsT edishappyforhisfriend s
He 's the best guy I know ' causehe  ' sthebestguythat I know . An nddoyouknowwhyhe  ' shappy ?
Because this angel is pregnant Becausethisbeautifulla dyrighthereispregnant.
How did you know that Howdidyouknowthat?!
It 's a secret T hatwassupposedtobease cret!
Originally T urnsout ...
Long live the Browns, Go Browns! Long live the Browns, Go Browns!
W hoo ! That 's the NFL In AFC regularseasonplay ,
If they say Super Bowl you 're going to say long live the Vikings but if they mean the Super Bowl , go Vikings .
How dare you .
You actually let her take the ball to marry you scum T hat  ' smydaughter , youpieceofgarbage .
Are you still willing to pay for the wedding? You  ' restillgonna pay for all this , right ?
You call my son 'Scum' 'Pieceofgarbage'?
T h a t ' s   m y   s o n .
That 's how Matthew ruined Little Pink Fist 's wedding.
But we don 't care about Butwedidn  ' tcare .
Because our little family is welcoming its sixth member T herewasgonnabeasixthm emberofourlittlefamil y .
It 's never going to be as bad as a wedding, is it N oweddingwillever , everbeasbadasthatone , right ?
I picked the right tie right I picked therighttie , didn  ' t I ?
Too right Younailedit.
Anyway, don 't be a duck tie. A ndhey, justbegladit ' snottheduckytie. O oh, theduckytie.
That 's a good story I 'll tell T hat  ' sagoodstorykids . I  'llgettothat .
God we are still too early for the finale Man , wearenotevenclosetoth eend .


You are a great best man Ted You  ' reagoodbestman , T ed .
You cry when you say your wedding speech, right? You  ' regonnacryduring theto ast , aren  ' tyou ?
Come in Comein.
Ted bride wants to see you T ed , thebridewantstoseeyou .
Okay Okay.
Don 't you just wear this tie? Really ? You  ' regonnagowiththattie ?


