0 0 : 0 0 : 0 3 , 2 0 8 - - &gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 0 4 , 4 4 0 Helium .
-   Y e s .
这 是 T a y l o r   S w i f t   T a y l o r   S w i f t .
Exactly Yes .
Pi .
Right Yes .
Her last name is Kardashian.
What is it called? Morespecific.
Kohler? K hloe?
That 's right! Yes!
Look I remember S ee , I remembered  'cause I found that what looks like Kim is Kim because Kimit  ' s Kim , if it looks like Kim it is Courtney ifitlookskindoflike Kimit  ' s K ourtney ,
If it doesn 't look like Kim at all it 's Kohler andifitlooksnothingli ke Kimit 's K hloe.
Well Oh .
Oh Oh , this is Venn diagram I remember because that  ' sa Venn Diagram , and I rememberbecause
I keep thinking I thoughttomyself ,
'When can he stop talking about this diagram?' 'Venshi' is a homonym to 'when' in English 'V ennishegonnastoptalki ngaboutthisdiagram ?'
- What are you doing? - What is this- What are youguysdoing?
- Oh, well, we decided to use our breakfast time wedecidedtouseourbrea kfasttime to help each other expand their field knowledge toexpandourrespective knowledgebases.
Let me try Oh , letmetry .
Okay Okay .
Uh, Adam of Hydrogen Atom Maroon 5. Hmm, atomofhydrogen, Adamof Maroon 5, micdrop.
Magic Red is one of the singers of the American rock band Adam
Who is Kwai An? I  ' msorry , whois Mike D rop ?

By the way P enny can you come with me later Oh , hey , P enny , doyouwanttogototheair port to pick up my mother at the airport? withmelatertopickupmy mother ?
- ok- thanks- sure .
-   T h a n k s .
- Nothing - and P enny - No oproblem .
- Hey , P enny , that you have to go to the airport anyway um , since you  ' realreadygonna beat the airport , then should I still use it? do I needtogo ?
Why don 't you want to pick up your mother at the airport? W hydon  ' tyouwanttogetyourmoth erfromtheairport ?
If she won 't be in Well for 40 minutes along the way, I candowithout the 4 0 - minutecarride and rant about me in all directions, I 'd really like to pick her up where shecriticizeseve ryaspectofmylife.
Forty minutes is enough for her to rant about you? S hecancoveritinacarrid e ?
Your stance is enough for me to complain I coulddo 4 0 minutesonyourposturea lone .
You really want me Youreallywantmetopicku p to pick up your mother alone? yourmotherallbymyself?
I think H mm , I justfeellike you can just use this to enhance your relationship itwouldbeagoodchancef oryoutobond .
Or can you use this to avoid contact with her? O rawayforyoutoavoidher ?
I don 't know what he wrote on the card I don 'tknowwhathe 'sputtingonthosecards, but you 're really smarter than before butyouaresmarterthane ver.
Well, if you really don 't want to pick me up, Fine , ifyoureallywantmeto , I willpickyourmomup .
Really? Seriously?
Yeah she is my mother-in-law Y eah , youknowwhat , sheismymother - in - law , I also hope we can live in harmony and I  ' dlikeforustohaveagood relationship .
You 're so mature Thatisverymatureofyou, and I can continue to be a coward so I  ' mgonnagoaheadandsay , ' S uckah .'
- Alright, let 's continue learning- Alright- A llright , backtolearning .
- OK .

This Simple This is Bill Oh, easy, Bill N yethe Science Guy who teaches science.
'Bill Teach Science' is an American science and education program
But I call him . . . O ras I knowhim . . .
'The Strange Old Man in  'Dancing with the Stars '' 'C reepyolddudefrom D ancingwith the Stars.'
* The universe was once hot and dense* * O urwholeuniverse wasina hot , densestate * * 14 billion years ago finally exploded . . . wait and see! * * T hennearly 1 4 billionyearsagoexpans ionstarted . . . W ait !*
* The earth is starting to cool down * * T he E arthbegantocool * * Autotrophs coax cavemen to invent tools * * T heautotrophsbegantodr ool , Neanderthalsdevelopedt ools * * We build the Great Wall and we build the pyramids * * W ebuiltthe W all W ebuiltthepyramids *
*Math , Science , History , unravelingthemystery *
*It all started with a big bang* *T hatallstartedwithabig bang*
The Big Bang Theory Season 9 Episode 23
- - = = Holy City Home SCG subtitle group http: / / hdscg . com / = = - - For translation and communication only, no commercial use
Translation: Pineapple Cake, Little Yellow, Little Cute, Li Xiaobao, L icht
Did you know there is a screening of the Avengers movie? D idyouguysseethere  ' san A vengersscreening ?
J oss W hedon  ' sgonna show some deleted scenes and a question and answer session and doaquestionandansw ersession .
I do have a few questions about the last Avengers movie Oh , well , I haveafewquestionsforhim want to ask him . . . Of course I already have many answers about the last A vengersmovie . . . and wholelotofanswers.
When is the screening? When  ' sthescreening ?
Just tonight but seats are on a first come first served basis U h , it  ' stonight , butit  ' s first - come , first - served , so we should get in line earlier soweshould probably get thereearly and waitinli ne .
Ok let 's doit .
P enny is with my mother, add me a P enny  ' sbusywithmymother , so I  ' min .
Oh sorry Oh, badnews.
A my forced me to accompany her to go shopping A my  ' smakingmegoshoppingwi thherlater , so we can 't go to soloookslikenoneofusca ngo .
It 's not like we can 't hang out without you Youdorealizewe  ' reallowed to have funwit houtyou ?
Actually we can 't have fun without you Infact , that  ' susuallythetricktoit .
When do we have to arrive? Whattimedoweneedtogett here ?
Uh, about three o 'clock U h , I  ' dsayby 3 : 0 0 .
Are you really going to leave me? You  ' rereally going withoutm e ?
It 's nothing else It 's snotabigdeal.
You go shopping with A my Go oshopping with A my , we will reserve a seat for you and we  'llsaveaspotinlinefory ou .
You have no right to reserve a seat for anyone Youdon  ' thavetheauthoritytosa veplacesintheline .
If I do that I 'm cutting the line If I dothat, I 'llbecutting.
Everybody does it P eopledoitallthetime .
The golden rule of queuing is Youknowthegoldenruleof lineetiquette :
'No assholes jumping in line' ' No ocuts , nobuts , nococonuts .'
If you care so much about it, I fyoureallycarethatmuch , you can hire someone to help you with the next mobile app thereareappsnowthat ' llletyouhirepeopletod ostuff
For example, likeerrandsandwaitinlines like queuing up for grocery shopping.
Does anyone really work just to queue? P eopleareactuallywaiti nginlinesasajob ?
I feel better about myself when I hear this. Boy, makes mefeelbetterabou tmylife.
Some people make $20 an hour. Someoftheseguysmakeove r $20 anhour.
This time I feel bad again. A ndnow I feelworseagain .
I had long expected that Leonard would not come to pick up my I  ' mnotsurprised L eonardchosetoavoidpic kingmeup .
He was never used to intimacy in his life. He  ' sbattledintimacyissue shiswholelife .
Does he have difficulty sustaining an erection? D oeshehavedifficultyma intainingerections ?
Wow Wow .
Even the parking lot has not been opened yet. D idn  ' tevenmakeitoutofthepa rkinglot .
Uh, why don 't we stop talking about Leonard U h , youknowwhat , enoughabout Leonard .
Let 's talk about you Let 's talk about you .
What are you doing here these days? What would you like todowh ileyou  ' rehere ?
Dear I am a psychiatrist Dear , I  ' mapsychiatrist .
You don 't need to avoid having an intimate conversation with me Youdon  ' thavetoavoid havingint imateconversationswit hme .
I actually wish we could get closer Well, I 'dactually likeforustob eclose, but can we start talking about favorite books butmaybewestartwithou rfavoritebooks and end up discussing my husband 's sex organs and workourwayuptomyhu sband 'ssexorgans.
Yes Verywell .
What book have you been reading recently? What  ' sthelastbookyouread ?
Home Magazine
Uh, does the Pottery Room Spring Special count?
U m ,   d o e s   P o t t e r y   B a r n ,   S p r i n g   c o u n t ?
P enny you want your mother-in-law to like you It 's a natural psychology P enny , it  'sonlynaturaltowantyou rmother -in -lawtolikeyou , I know I 'm scary sometimes and I acknowledge I canbeanintimidatingpe rson .
How can I make it easier for you? So whatcan I dotomakethisprocessea sierforyou ?
Uh can you U h , forstarters , don 't use psychology to analyze every word I say? maybeyoucannotpsychoa nalyzeeverything I say ?
And how do you feel when I use psychology to analyze what you say? when I psychoanalyzeeverythi ngyousay ?
Very uncomfortable Uncomfortable.
I 'm joking dear T hatwasajoke , dear .
oh sorry oh .
S o r r y .
Didn 't expect you to be kidding D idn  ' tknowyoumadethose .
Hey, how about our mother-in-law and daughter-in-law have a dinner tonight, Hey, listen, whatifwehavealittle? mother-in-law-daughter-in-lawdinnertonight?
Just the two of us? S ojustthetwoofus ?
Why don 't I invite some more friends O r I inviteafewgirlfriends ,
Just when you said 'just the two of us' causehearingyousay 'thetwoofus' I suddenly got chills justsentachillrightdo wnmyspine .

Hey Hey .
What are you doing? What are youdoinghere?
You are not S heldon You  ' renot S heldon .
I knew you would ask this question I thought that mightcomeu p .
S heldon hire me to accompany you to go shopping S heldonhiredmetogoshop pingwithyou .
Wait Holdon .
He paid you to not go out with me? He paidyoutogetoutofspe ndingtimewithme ?
It 's not like that. No , it  ' snotlikethat .
He needs to get in line T here  ' salonglinehe  ' dratherstandin .
So what are we going to do? Shopping for clothes or toys?
S o   w h a t   a r e   w e   d o i n g ?   O l d   N a v y ,   B u i l d - A - B e a r ?
I can get the money anyway I getpaideitherway .
I will not accompany you to go shopping We  ' renotgoingshoppingtog ether .
Are you sure? I can help you with your bag, Yousure?
I ' m   h a p p y   t o   h o l d   y o u r   b a g .
S heldon also gave me a little money to buy a hot dog sausage A nd S heldongavememoneyfora hotdogonastick .
Do you know why I am unhappy now? Can you understand why I mightbeannoyedrightno w ?
Look, lady, I just work here.
We lined up a lot, didn 't we? We e  ' vewaitedinalotoflines together , haven  ' twe ?
Remember the Doctor Who themed camp at the Rememberwhenwecampedou t Anime Convention? for the Doctor W hopanelat Comic - C on ?
Yeah sleeping under the stars with other fansY eah , sleepingunderthestars withotherfans sharing what we love together wholovetheshowasmucha swedo .
W akingup , wondering whichoneofth osefansstoleourwallet s .
S tuart what are you doing here?
S t u a r t ,   w h a t   a r e   y o u   d o i n g   h e r e ?
S heldon you are the S heldon I have ever seen in my life, you are the mostinconsid erateperson
The most unscrupulous person! I haveevermetinmyentire life!
How can you escape a date with your girlfriend by sending me over W heredoyougetoffsendin gme? toshopwithyourgirlfri end ?!
I don 't understand what you mean I don  ' tunderstand .
You were very happy when I hired you before Youwerehappytodothiswh en I hired you .
Why . . . why are you having an opinion on me now? Why . . . whyareyouupsetwithmen ow ?
oh i don 't have an opinion but A my rages now
Well, it 's fair to exchange favors. Well, I supposeturnaboutisfai rplay.
You selfish bastard! You  ' redarnrightit  ' sfairplay , youselfishjerk !
you know everytime i think Youknow , justwhen i think our relationship is progressing we  ' remakingprogressinour relationship , we are back to the old ways wereverttoouroldpatte rns
Any thoughts and feelings are beyond words wherethoughtsandfeeli ngsgounexpressed.
I want to say if he doesn 't want to go shopping with me I mean, ifhedidn ' twanttogoshoppingwith me, why not just say it? whydidn ' thejustsayso?
Maybe he can 't get his mouth shut. Maybehecouldn  ' tgetawordinedgewise .
Sorry I keep saying I 'msorry, I 'vebeengoingonandon.
It 's okay dear Oh , it  ' sallright , dear .
S heldon 's mind is not only witty but also complex S heldonhasabrilliantan dcomplicatedmind .
It 's hard to develop a relationship with him. It 's understandable that be ingina relationship with hhim it 's understandably couldbetrying.
I called him ' babe ' once .
He asked me if I was on drugs Heaskedmetogetadrugtes t .
I appreciate your determination Well , I doadmireyourresolve .
You are an amazing woman thank you You  ' reanextraordinarywoma n .
T h a n k   y o u .
You know she is my mother in law Youknow , she  ' smymother - in - law .
Why can 't I be so harmonious with her? Why can 't I bondwithherlikethat?
She treats S heldon as her own son A my  ' swith S heldon whosheloveslike ason .
Although you were with his son You  ' rewithherson . . . but she didn 't care whoshedoesn  ' t .
Can you imagine it took me five years to get him to massage me? D oyourealizeittookmefi veyearstogetamassagef romhim ?
It 's a big step for S heldon to do this Oh, well, that still could be abigg tep for S heldon.
Three minutes Threeminutes .
He also used the kitchen timer A ndheusedakitchentimer .
I felt like a half-boiled egg I feltlikeasoft - boiledegg .
Did you know that with Leonard Youknow, beinginarelationshipwith Leonard alsocomeswithitschallengeswith many challenges.
Yes Yes .
But what can be done? Well, whatcanyoudo?

Maybe it was Maybeit 's Sheldon who came to apologize, heretosayhe 'ssorry.
S heldon said he was sorry S heldonsayshe  ' ssorry .
Bernadette I 'll give you five dollars to slam the door on Bernadette, I 'llgiveyoufivedollarst oslamthedoor.
I only need three bucks I wouldhavedoneitforthr ee .
God it 's tiring standing here all this time Boy , allthisstanding  ' smakingmetired .
Good thing I brought mycollapsibles tickchair .
Not to mention the folding crutch chair Notthestickchair .
You sit on it like a fool Y oulooklikeanidiotonth atthing .
Sticks and stones will break my bones S ticks and stones maybrea kmybones , but little chairs on sticks are comfy butchairsonsticksarec omfy .
Hey Hey Hey .
H e y .
Is everything going well with A my? I severythingsmoothedou twith A my ?
No she 's still angry U h , no , she  ' sstillprettymad .
Did you apologize as sincerely as I did? Did you make theapology as sincereas I would have ?
I said ' S heldon said he was sorry ' I said , ' S heldonsayshe  ' ssorry . '
You 're exaggerating a bit by saying that Oh, well, that  ' slayingitonalittlethi ck .
Do you think it 's time for you to apologize to her? Y outhinkit  ' stimeyouapologizetohe ryourself ?
I think so I supposeso .
But if I go now I won 't get a seat Butif I getoutoftheline , I  ' lllosemyspot .
I 'd love to help you take a place before you come back I 'mhappytoholdyourplace tillyougetback .
Would you like to? Youwoulddothat ?
Considering that I can make more money from you this way is Consideritmywayofgetti ngmoreofyourmoney .
You are such a good man You  ' reagoodman .
B everly Did you know that P enny S o , B everly , didyouknow P enny are the top three sales representatives of our pharmaceutical company isthenumberthreesales rep? atourpharmaceuticalco mpany ?
Oh I didn 't know you guys worked together Oh , I didn  ' trealizeyoutwoworktog ether .
Well not strictly speaking Well, wedon ' texactly.
I am I  ' mamicrobiologistforth eresearchteam .
So what are you researching now Oh , whatareyou currently de veloping ?
Some new anti-anxiety drugs S omeexcitingnewanti - anxietydrugs .
Very interesting T hat  ' interesting .
I just attended a lecture on anxiety in children I justattendedalectureo npediatricanxiety .
Is it Dr. Janofski 's lecture? Oh, wasit, uh, Dr. Jenofski?
I just watched his TED talk! I justsawhis TEDT alk!
It 's him I twas .
Let 's talk about Penny. Let 's getbackto Penny.
Didn 't you just tell me Hey, weren 't  ' tyoutellingme about your company 's car distribution? somethinggreataboutyo urcompanycar?
Um . . U m . . .
The car is equipped with seat heating I thasseatwarmers .

A my ! Open the door A my !
A m y !
A m y !
- Open the door A my ! - Come in - A my !
-   C o m e   i n .
Hello everyone , everyone .
B everly nice to meet you! O h , B everly , goodtoseeyou !
would love to talk to you but i still have to queue for I  ' dlovetochat , but there  ' saline line is about to start moving forward so let 's go that could start movinga nyminute , solet  ' sdothis .
A my ? Listen to me A my ?
A proper apology requires three steps.
The first step is to admit your mistake. S tepone - - anadmissionofwrongdoi ng .
A my I was wrong on the second step. . . A my , I waswrong .
Steptwo . . . promise not to make mistakes again apromisenevertorepeat said action .
A my I won 't do that again I promise A my , that action willneverbe repeated , and that  ' sapromise .
Step Three . . . Sincerely ask for forgiveness for Stepthree . . . anearnest requestforfo rgiveness.
A my I hope you can forgive me A my , I hopeyou canforgiveme .
And hope you can forgive me now A nd I hopeyoudoitrightnow ,
Because there are still cars waiting for me below  ' causethere  ' san U berwaitingdownstairs , and I don 't want to apologize again to my driver G aneshand I don  ' twanttorepeatthisapol ogynonsense with my driver G anesh .
Well Fine .
Thank you! You are so understanding!
O h ,   t h a n k s !   Y o u ' r e   a   p e a c h !
B everly we 'll talk about it later B everly , we  ' llcatchupsoon .
Bernadette nice to meet you Bernadette , itwasapleasureasalway s ,
P enny you have a spinach root on your teeth P enny , youhavespinachinyourt eeth .

How long has that spinach on my teeth? How longhave I hadspinachinmyteeth?
S incetheairport when I see you at the airport, dear.
You look like you have a stand behind you Y oulooklikeyoucomewith akickstand .
You can 't make me feel bad Youcan 'tmakemefeelbad.
Maybe not Leonard you on H mm , maybenot .
L e o n a r d ?
When the aliens sent you back S o , when thealiensbroughty ouback , forgot to take the probe out? theyjustlefttheprobei n ?
I 'm back I 'mback.
- How 's it going? - Good- Hey, how  ' ditgo ?
-   I t   w e n t   w e l l .
I find that if you never apologize Yeah, I  've learned thatifyounev ersayyou  ' resorry , it makes them uncomfortable when you do apologize thetimesyoudoreallypu tsthemontheirheels .
S tuart you can go now U h , S tuart , I relieveyouofyourlined uties .
Anyone else have anything before I go? A nyoneelseneedanything before I go?
If you can make fun of Raj I 'll give you a dollar I 'llgiveyouadollarifmak efunof Raj .
- Too stingy - those five dollars - T hat  ' smean .
- F ive.
If a tiger looks like a fool then you look like a tigerY oulooklike T iggerif T iggerlookedlikeajacka ss .
If you need someone to write a letter of recommendation U h , ifyoueverneedareferen ceoranything , I would love to help justletmeknow .
Hey everyone, guys.
Here you come Youmadeit .
Did you see it? Didyouseethat?
He just cut the line at Hejustcuttheline .
he 's with his friends it 's all right He  ' sjust joining his friend s ; it  ' sfine .
No this is wrong No o , it  ' snotfine .
This violates the principle of queuing I tisabreachoflineetiquette.
We were at the front of the line We  ' renarthefrontoftheli ne .
We can get into We  ' llgetineitherway no matter what .
What if everyone in front of us had people cut in line? What ifeverypersoninfro ntofusletssomeonecut ?
We still have access to We 'dstillgetin.
What would happen if those who cut the queue made people cut again? Whatifeachofthosepeopl eletsomeonecut ?
Still have access to S tillgetin .
What if those new ones keep cutting the line? Buttheneachofthosepeop leletsomeonecut?
Still can 't get in We  ' dstillgetin , but first I  ' dhityou I 'll knock you over the head with his sti ckchair .
- please listen to me - don 't - E xcuseme .
-   O h ,   p l e a s e   d o n ' t .
Uh I accidentally U h, uh, I couldn 't thelpbutnotice saw you cut the line thatyoucuttheline.
I 'm O h , uh , I  ' mwithmyfriends with my friends.
Don 't worry about It  'scool .
No Well , no .
I have to worry about It  'snotcool .
If the seats are all reserved sea tings that need to be reserved in advance, and we all have tickets then it will be fine and weallhadtickets, that would befine.
But it 's first come first served Butthislineis first - come , first - served .
Instead of 'Late Come First Served' No ot ' showuptardyandneverth elessbefirstserved ' .
Come give a high five R ighthere .
Don 't No.
You have to go to the back of the line to go Youneedtogotothebackof theline.
Who said you were the team manager? U h , whomadeyoulinemonitor ?
When I was in the fourth grade, Mrs. Unch appointed me Mrs. W unchinfourthgrade.
My manifesto is 'A ndmysloganwas as long as it is a straight team' alinethat  'sstraight is a good team' isalinethat  'sgreat '
Is this guy serious? I sthisguyforreal ?
I want to say no Boy , I wish I couldsayno .
It 's good that S heldon can apologize. Thatwasveryniceof S heldontoapologize.
Yes he has changed a lot Well, he  ' scomealongway .
Maybe it took a long time to change very little O rashortway veryslowly, so it feels like a lot of soitfeels like alongway.
You two have such a wonderful relationship. Y our relationshipwithhi misfascinating.
I 'm preparing to write a book about high quality couples I 'mpreparingtowriteaboo konhigh - achievingcouples , I would like to do an interview with you both and I wouldlovetointerviewt hebothofyou.
Yes Oh , sure .
I will . . . I will talk to S heldon about it I  ' ll . . . I  ' lltalk to S heldon aboutit .
Did you know that Bernadette 's husband turned out to be astronaut Youknow, Bernadette  ' shusbandisaformerastr onaut .
Really? Really?
Do you think he would like to Do oyouthinkhewouldbeint erested to do the interview? inbeinginterviewedasw ell?
I still need to ask him if he wants to? D o I thinkhe  ' dbeinterested ?
Sometimes when he 's in the shower, Sometimes I hearhimpretendingtobe interviewed whenhe  ' saloneinthebathroom .
Perfect! Wonderful!
I 'll give you the contact information I 'llgiveyoumycontactinformation.
Uh you should also ask P enny U m , you should probably talk to P enny , too.
Ask her what? About what?
Enough you know? O kay , youknowwhat ?
This is so silly T hisisridiculous .
I 've been thinking all day that I 'vebeentryingtomake can make your relationship go further aconnectionwithyouall day, obviously no use and clearly I 'mgettingnowhere.
Do you want a relationship Well , areyouseekingaconnection or just recognition? orjustsomeformofvalidation ?
What I Want Is A Friendship What I wasseekingwassomesort of friendship.
But now you don 't humiliate me, Butatthispoint, I 'lltakeyounotinsulting metomyface.
I never meant to humiliate you M yintentionwasneverto nsultyou .
But you are there all day! You  ' vebeendoingitalday !
Do you know what humiliation is? ! D oyouevenknowwhatanins ultis ?!
Obviously it 's not a medical term Well, it 's notaclinicalterm.
But an example is you married my son B utoneexamplewouldbeyo urmarryingmyson , but didn 't invite me to the wedding didn 't even tell me andnotinvitingmeoreve ntellingme y 'all got married theweddingwastakingpl ace .
Ok good example O kay , goodexample .
So do you think J oss W hedon will let the rule breakers and queue jumpers Whatabout J oss W hedon  ' sworkmakesyouthinkhe  ' dbeokay J oss W hedon to watch his work for the director and writer of the Avengers series? !withrule - breakersandline - cutters ? !
The Avengers are rule breakers! T he A vengersarerule - breakers !
It is their duty to be full of revenge! Beingvengefulisintheir jobdescription !
They are working for SHIELD. The SHIELD is under the jurisdiction of the US government! whichisasanctioneddep artmentofthe U.S.G overnment!
Are you working in the Doyouworkforasanctione ddepartment department under the US government? of the U.S.G overnment?
In fact I am A samatteroffact I do .
A small place called the DMV A talittle place called the DMV .
He is better than He  'sgothimthere .
D even stands for the word department The D evenstandsfordepartment .
Sorry everyone! Excuseme!
Excuse me can I E xcuseme , can I please hear everyone 's opinion? seeashowofhands ?
Who 's upset this guy is cutting the line here? Who hoheretakes issuewitht his person cuttingtheli ne?
Look at T oldyou .
Well your behavior is really chilling! Well, whatasadstateofaffair s!
You 've all been crushed by life enough T hatyou  ' veallbeensogrounddown You didn 't even notice someone disrespect you bylife , youdon  ' tevennoticewhensomeon edisrespectsyou .
Can 't believe we 're going to be beat up I can 'tbelievewe 'regonnagetbeatup,but not for your stool andit 'snotbecauseofyourchair.
You should know that at the back of the line, Youknow , rightnow , at thebackofthisline , there is a fan like you there  ' samoviefanlikeyou who can 't enter who  ' snotgoingtogetin ,
because this person doesn 't care because this person simp lydoesn 'tcare.
61 years ago Yeah, well, 61 yearsago, there was also a person at the back of the line therewasanotherperson at the backoftheline her name was Rosa Parksandhernamewas Rosa Parks.
Rosa Parks, the leader of the black civil rights movement in the United States in the 1950s and 1960s.
You may have to pretend you 're black O kay , youmayhavetopretendyo u  'reblack to help us get out of here togetusoutofhere .
Let us follow in the footsteps of this brave woman Now , let  ' sfollowin that bravewom an  ' sfootsteps , stand up for ourselves and stand up for our selve s !
I know she stood up and fought to be able to sit And - and I realizethatshestoodup byremainingseated, but now is not the time to appreciate the contrast butnowisnotthattimeto enjoytheironyofthat.
I will ask you again Now , I askyou again .
Is there anyone against this person . . . ? W hohere takes issue witht his person . . . ?
Why should we listen to you? You cut the queue yourself When hyshouldwelistentoyou ?
Y o u   c u t   t h e   l i n e   y o u r s e l f .
I almost definitely didn 't I most certainly didn 't.
I saw you I saw you .
If you feel dizzy I fyou  ' refeelingdizzy , because feng shui turns it  ' sbecausethetables have turned .
sorry i paid someone to help me line up here E xcuseme , I paidsomeonetowaitinli neforme , when i came and then when I arrived , he left so good woman you see heleft , sowhatyousaw , mygoodwoman ,
It 's a swap, not a queue cut was ' swapsies ' , not ' cutsies ' .
No no no wait! O h , no , no , no , no , wait !
I ask again and raise my hand to signal I askyouallagain .
A   s h o w   o f   h a n d s .
Does anyone object . . . ? Don 't go Who hoheretakesissue . . . ?
W e l l ,   s t o p   m o v i n g !
He 's going in! He 'sgonnagetin!
- let him go - I can 't - Buddy , letitgo .
-   N o ,   I   c a n ' t .
This is not right T hisisn  ' tright .
You have done your best Youcould .
No , I could , I could  ' vedonemore .
Now you discredit Now , now , youdenigratedthememor y a great pioneer of civil rights ofagreatcivilrightspi oneer .
Everyone can ask this T hat  ' sallanyonecouldask .
To be honest I 'm surprised you care about this wedding Tobehonest , I  ' msurprisedyoucaredabo uttheweddingatall .
I 'm still human P enny I  ' mstillhuman , P enny .
His own son 's wedding was not invited No otgettinginvitedtomyo wnson  ' swedding is difficult to ignore ah isdifficulttoignore .
I know how you feel I knowhowyoufeel.
She did not invite anyone to Shedidn ' tinviteanyofus.
That 's a whim! I twasspurofthemoment !
But we can see it live on the Internet at Butwedidgettoseealives treamofitonthe Internet.
I can see it online? I could  ' vewatchediton the Internet ?
Thank you Thankyou .
So if we invite you to come to Vegas, S oifwewouldhaveaskedyo utcometo Vegas, will you come? toseeusgetmarried, youwould 'vecome?
No I would say you are making a big mistake No , I would  ' vesaidyou  ' remakingahugemistake .
But the invitation is good Butaninvitationwould 'vebeennice.
Do you really think we are doing something wrong? Youreallythinkwemadeam istake ?
That 's what I thought at the time Atthetime I did .
But I 've never seen Leonard so happy But I - I  ' veneverseen Leonardsohappy , so . . . maybe I 'm wrong so . . . perhaps I waswrong .
wow wow .
Okay Okay.
How about this? Well , um , howaboutthis ?
Maybewhileyou  ' restillintown ,
L eonard and I could have another small ceremony .
If you are interested You ouknow , if you  ' reinterested .
I think this is perfectly acceptable. I would find that perfectl yacceptable.
She thinks Shewouldfindit is totally acceptable! perfectlyacceptable!
Did you see it? We 're good to go! Youguyssawit!
W ebonded!
H o w i e 啊 ?   H o w i e ?
Are you alright? You 've been in there for a while Youdoingokay ?
Y o u ' v e   b e e n   i n   t h e r e   a   w h i l e .
I 'll be out soon I 'mfine.
B e   r i g h t   o u t .
Am I an American hero?
A m   I   a n   A m e r i c a n   h e r o ?
This is a good question Jim W ell , that  ' sagoodquestion , Jim .
Don 't you think that when an astronaut leaves the planet D on  ' tyouthinkonceanastron autleaves the planet , he is the hero of all nations on earth? he  ' saherotoallthenations of the Earth?

Ok O keydokey .
I still have time to answer one more question I think I have timeforonemoreque stion .
