0 0 : 0 2 : 0 6 , 2 1 0 - -&gt; 0 0 : 0 2 : 0 8 , 0 1 0 The Big Bang Theory Season 4 Episode 5 I just wanted to say a decent Hulk make the movie The company spent a lot of money and they could use that money to build a real Hulk

That 's a smart and interesting idea
I should share with Amy Fila Fowler
She will appreciate your punchline
dare not be
It will also improve your initial impression on her mind
How are you two doing lately?
status remains unchanged
She 's a girl she 's a friend but she 's not mine
please forgive me for doing this
' girlfriend '
Alright alright
So you guys stay in the texting and emailing phase all the time? Don 't you want to be with her at all? Like
It 's okay to stay in one room
Leonard, you 're my best friend, I 've known you for seven years
And I can 't stand the fact that we 're both sitting on the same couch as you can imagine
My attitude towards prolonged physical contact with Amy Fila Fowler
Understood
I feel you have an opinion
nowhere
Maybe a little bit
may i think your criticism is based on jealousy
What is there to be jealous of
I have a well-functioning and satisfying relationship with a woman
and you don 't

Jealousy is an ugly green-eyed monster like the Hulk
By the way, they also have girlfriends. In this rerun, Nefer Connery, you may remember the version from A Beautiful Mind.
Russell Crowe 's girlfriend
Maybe they all went to Wushan with the Hulk
I 'm not jealous
Leonard is not jealous at all


I just figured out that if there are thousands of parallel universes in one of them there is probably a Sheldon
He doesn 't believe in parallel universes at all
Most likely what your focus is
It doesn 't matter, it 's just to let one of the thousands of me
One of the reasons to laugh Leonard what makes you laugh
recently?
Isn 't it a lot because of that dispute? It 's because of your desperate need to have a duality with a woman
And apparently all women make decisions
have rejected you
Uh
Keep your mouth shut
Make her go to the activity center three times a week
where she can communicate with the same lonely people
It 's a very good arrangement. They discuss current affairs, play bridge and have a warm meal.

Sounds good if you like to play bridge
do you like to play bridge leonard
Sheldon, I just don 't have a date right now
Don 't send me to the senior center
Grandma refused at first, but then she couldn 't stop
Well, if I haven 't met the right person lately, you can put me in a nursing home.
That 's not a nursing home
It 's an activity center for the elderly and we will never send grandma to a nursing home

hi everyone
- hey- hey, I succumbed to the social pressure to say hi


Sorry my girlfriend Bernadette called
I set a special ringtone for her
'Bernadette' sung by 'Four Tops'
hello bernadette, when i called him the ringtone was 'brown-eyed girl'

Looking back now, it doesn 't seem so good.
You should realize he 's showing off that he has a girlfriend and we don 't
deliberately upset us
you mean you don 't have it?
Even you have a girlfriend
how do you have a girlfriend
You can 't even speak in front of women
So it doesn 't matter if I speak or not
because she can 't hear
what
This is her original words

good you have a girlfriend howard has a girlfriend
- Sheldon has a daughter - wrong wrong wrong
female friend thank you

how about you stut
do you have a girlfriend
With that, we met at an anime convention, the only place in the world
Can use 'I have a comic book store'
as a real opener
wow congratulations
She 's actually scary when she wants to have sex
She 'll put on her oversized Wonder Woman costume and yell
'Who wants to get on my stealth plane' why don 't you just break up with her
no i can 't
why
Because after the breakup, I 'm just like you
Brother why don 't you let Vorowitz
Fulfilling girlfriend rules because I don 't need his girlfriend
Introduce a girlfriend to me, I am fully capable of finding a girlfriend myself
Leonard, you remind me of an old funny story about a man holding a stack of
Release permit for female prisoners
When I walked into the women 's prison, you meant to say that even if I walked into the women 's prison with a pardon, no one would have sex with me
Are you going to let me tell this story?

Leonard
are you sleeping
are you sick?
Without you, I still love your loneliness and nobody
And unhappy?
don 't know maybe
I want you to know that I genuinely care
your health
- thank you - you 're welcome but you still have no reason to put your foot in my seat
can i say my opinion

what 's up, how long has she been here?
Hit us back from the comic store to start
That was two hours ago, according to your suggestion
We 're getting along, I honestly don 't know
What are you making a fuss about
Continuing Amy on Leonard 's reason for your celibacy from a neurobiological perspective
may be due to your mental state
cause your body to smell of despair
do you know the theory leonard
- I don 't know - I know I know some people in public gathering places
like looking for a mate in a bar or a tavern
Have you ever tried a bar or a pub?
Don 't go to the bar to pick up girls without me
Wise decision. Listen to my analysis of Amy 's success in finding a partner at the bar on typically masculine traits like height and strength.
Charisma and the ability to drink and throw darts or throw darts while drinking and Leonard doesn 't have any of those qualities
right leonard
That 's right
Not all bars have to be like this
like juice
Well said Amy
On this premise Leonard can frequent the sushi bar salad bar oyster bar
And Apple genius, what are you doing?
Go on, I 'm listening

so rude
He 's always like this. He 's a socially inept aggregate.

aggregate
What a sweet and smooth word
Let this word be the word of the day
Agree to start using 'sweet and smooth' tomorrow
I 'm going to empty my bladder
It 's a pleasure to get along with you
Wait a moment
I have a request
what request
I want you to meet my mother
understood
I 'll go back and answer how are you?
Of course good night
Leonard Leonard Leonard
Leonard Leonard Leonard
Leonard Leonard Leonard Leonard Leonard Leonard
Leonard Leonard Leonard
Leonard Leonard
Leonard Leonard
Why did Amy Fila Fowler let me meet her mother


So what
what does that mean don 't you always say that Amy is just your female friend
not your girlfriend
- Um- you can 't say that anymore

wait what you say
She obviously wants your relationship to go further
I don 't want to go further
I like this step
help me fuck her
I
how can i help you
It 's easy you want a girlfriend
Amy wants to be someone 's girlfriend
I give her to you and I will bless you
you are crazy
yes it won 't work
Amy thinks you 're boring
ok good luck
wait a minute what should i do
Have you ever thought about sharing your feelings with her?
Leonard I 'm a physicist not a hippie
ok let me think
See if I can explain it to you in terms of physics
what happens to you on an inclined plane
screw it together [also means finished]
got it

Amy 's right, he 's so boring.
Howard to open the door
Why don 't you go, you know I 'm doing a colonoscopy for the colonoscopy


I 'm like a head down volcano

it 's you
I hope you didn 't hear
Volcano or something? didn 't you hear?
Why are you wearing such a T-shirt?
Are you working in an Apple store now?
No, just wear whatever you want
I know your clothes
You don 't have this, you pretend to work at Genius Consulting
Take the opportunity to pick up girls, right?
I found out they just look at the iPod
nobody cares about these t-shirts
What was the result
It was going well, I 'll show it to a hot girl
How to boot from safe mode manager got suspicious long story short there really is a small room in the mall
Listen to my brother 's advice, don 't put on a fake beard and then go back to wear it
Although they are not geniuses, they can immediately see that you are pretending
I applied to call girlfriend appointment howard
you are so hungry
It 's not me, I just want to be like you
You know there 's a woman beside you
How much liquid can chrysanthemum pour in?
Just to be clear, I 'm talking about Bernadette, not your mother.
I understand your idea
I 'm going to meet Bernadette 's friend.
how do i look
It 's like the copy of a plant in 'Human Alien' is just a massive hairspray version
what are you doing
I 'm clearing my internet footprint so Amy Fila Fowler can 't find me and can 't force me to see her mother

Are you playing missing?
correct
The way the bomber did in the early years is not bad.
(At the age of 16, he entered Harvard and became a Berkeley professor at the age of 25. Then he lived in seclusion and mailed bombs)
thank you
I also sent Amy a termination notice and changed my phone number and email address
What if she comes directly
she can 't find
We don 't live at Los Robles 2 3 1 1 anymore
Our current address is Los Robles 3 1 1
You changed the house number
Don 't worry. I explained my current embarrassment to our postman.
He is very sympathetic
His original words were
'Brother support your brother
The girls are crazy'
who
Amy Fila Fowler

I went to get caught by her
Has she been here before?
A wise man will make a mistake
Now you have to stand by my brother
- what do you want me to do - tell her I 'm not here
- where are you - don 't know
You 'll have to devise your own plot to rationally explain my absence Remember that the secret to lying is being good at weaving the details
Hi Amy
Sheldon 's not here
All right
The details are so well woven
Thanks again for helping me Bernadette
I 've always kept promises
Once in the lab a petri dish of a genetically modified super virus disappeared
That day we all pulled the hook and swore never to admit that we had combined Ebola and typhoid.
Why are you combining Ebola and typhoid?
we don 't have
that would be horrible

Hi everyone, sorry for being late, I 'm coming from the gym
The dynamic training class really made a lot of sweat.
Joey this is Leonard Leonard this is Joey
- ok- ok
you have no genius
Tell me something talented to tell my sister
Ahh it 's time
Just kidding
The first thing you need to know about me is
I 'm super funny
see it
Bernadette told me you met in self-defense class

That 's right, Israeli martial arts
It was fun, basically learned a hundred different ways to rip off a man 's balls

God, I didn 't expect so much
Forty-two strokes
God
what a lovely girl
Proxima Centauri is the nearest star
The next celestial bodies in order are
Alpha Centauri A Star Torrey [B Star]
Bernard star
Wolf 3 5 9 stars
Laland 2 1 1 8 5 stars
Sirius A Sirius B [Double Star]
Cetus BL Star Cetus UV Star
Ross 1 5 4 stars
Ross 2 4 8 stars
Tianyuan Four Stars
Rakai 9 3 5 2 stars
Ross 1 2 8 stars
Procyon A
heck wrong
Aquarius Rutan A
Aquarius Rutan B
Aquarius Rutan C
Procyon A
These are the stars closest to me
twinkling so brightly
God
Girls are crazy
This lobster is full of flavor and has a lot of aftertaste.
It should cost 30 oceans per pound.
Is this a date?
That 's right
73 strokes
I 'm sorry, I need to go to the bathroom to relax.
I 'm going too
Friendly reminder I just ate asparagus
The asparagus babies I excrete will make this place stink
I think she likes you
Aquarius Rutan B
Aquarius Rutan C
borrow a lady
Shelton
I think you may have misunderstood me about asking you to see my mother
i didn 't misunderstand
I understand what that requirement means I don 't want to end up with a bevel spiraling around its axis a few times
who said you 're done
I just want to introduce you as a boyfriend to my mom and make her believe I 'm in love so she can be reassured
So we 're going to play
Exactly
Aren 't you hopelessly in love with me?
Do not be silly
In my opinion love relationships are an unnecessary cultural construct worthless to human relationships
Amy Fila Fowler That 's the most pragmatic thing I 've ever heard
Now that the misunderstanding has been cleared, let 's go back to the male friend and female friend relationship.
Of course
Want to have Chinese food with me?
please Sheldon don 't push me
Excuse me
- Good night Amy - Good night Sheldon
don 't give her a chance
Maybe you will slowly fall in love with her
Or maybe she finally managed to rip my balls off
After all, there are 93 ways she hasn 't tried.
Listen howard thank you for your kindness but this is the worst date i 've ever had
real or fake
I was robbed of a transgender guy who was on Jewish dating site and this date doesn 't even make my top 10 worst
I think the difference is that I know self-respect
Why don 't I remember you have
only recently
I just realized
I don 't want to be with a girl I don 't like just to have a girlfriend
I 'm fine alone
Good news my stomach has room for sweets
Listen Joey, nice to meet you but . . .
Me too, are you free next weekend?
My cousin is getting married and I want to bring a companion
are you asking me out
That 's right, there 's free all-you-can-drink, maybe after drinking
I am looking forward
Nice to meet you too Sheldon
When Amy told me she had a boyfriend
I can 't believe I can assure you I 'm a real person and I have regular sex with your daughter
What
Yes we are like wild animals in heat
It 's a miracle we 're still intact
Amy what is he talking about
You want me to have a boyfriend mom this is my boyfriend
Now I have to go offline
My desire for Sheldon has made my flower path tremble
yeah it 's time for me to have sex in your daughter 's pussy
Much Shelton works well
Same feeling
Amy, I can 't help but think that we should actually have sex at least once in our relationship.
Teasing you

It 's time to go to bed
