Kids waiting for you to be 30 and still live in New York
There are a few places you definitely won 't want to go
Rockefeller Center around Christmas in Times Square on New Year 's Eve


But the last place you guys want to be is a college bar? Did you make a mistake?
We might run into my students and they 'll come around and let me give them a free lesson
I didn 't even bring a slide projector
T ed I 've been a snowball champion here since I went to law school
I have to come at least once a month to keep my records
wow looks like you haven 't been here for a long time
This guy named Big Fudge has taken your shift
Yes
- Are you Big Fudge? - Exactly under

- Also I have something to tell you- what is it?
I invited Jenkins
Jenkins ? No way ?
We started hearing about Jenkins a few weeks ago
You won 't believe what Jenkins did this time
Who is Jenkins?
He 's the new super hilarious lawyer in Marshall 's office.
super funny

Well there 's a bottle of black cherry jam in the office fridge today
Jenkins said give me 200 bucks and I 'll eat the whole bottle
Then we gave Jenkins 200 bucks
Jenkins ate the whole bottle
J e n k i n s
The story continues after this
CFO comes in to sign the acquisition documents
Jenkins said sorry, Mr. Wilcox
we forgot a document
J e n k i n s
We got off work for a beer
Jenkins climbs up on the table and starts to twist
like a crazy stripper
Before you could react, the shirt was already taken off
too disgusting
J e n k i n s
Yeah, I can see it with my own eyes after hearing these stories
This famous Jenkins is so nice
Yeah, there 's another story
I 'm going to Jenkins
- what? - I mean it.
Do you want to have sex with Jenkins?
Go to bed sex whatever you say
I want to have a good time with Jenkins
But you . . . you are . . .
you are not. . .
I . . . are you serious?
Hello, everyone
T ed this is Jenkins
Honorary production
Translation: Fat cat S mile Proofreading: Scallion 's little fur B rightgrace
Season 5, Episode 13
It might sound crazy I thought Jenkins was a guy
what? you 're crazy why do you think so
I don 't know it could be the 'Jenkins peeing out of the taxi window' story
Yeah, it 's amazing now
yeah ok i confess
It all started a few weeks ago
Another four-eyed new lawyer, this is Jenkins
Watch out for this guy he steals
I don 't steal and I don 't wear glasses
- I 'm Marshall. - Hi Marshall.
Are you really a Vikings fan or is he lying again?
Why? Is it a trap? Are you a Packers fan?
My wife knows I 'm here and she has no money but she
Possess a range of special skills
I 'm a Vikings fan too
I love purple and gold (the colors of the Vikings crest) I 'm from P elican R apids
- Pelican Rapids ? Nope - yes
My grandpa lives in Pelican Rapids
He 's dead now but his spirit often wanders near a barn on 108
wow wait a minute
man if you dare say you have feelings for a woman who is not your wife
I 'll drag you out and beat you up
ok first
Dude you can 't handle Big Fudge
Second, I just treat her like a buddy
a big brother
But my eldest brother also has breasts Marvin J r .
Anyway, that night I told Lily
J e n k i n s
I really want to meet him
I should have corrected her then it should have been easy
But I haven 't since then
every time i say jenkins i always avoid personal pronouns
The head of the marketing department came over and picked someone to do the audit in the Midwest
he said he he she he he
Jenkins he and she
Listen I don 't understand why you didn 't just tell Lily
do you really think she would be jealous
T ed think about the stories I told you
Yeah I see why there is a problem
That 's why I can 't let Lily know
Can 't let Lily know what Marshall wants to buy her a horse
Really? Great I love horses

Why is there a kid over there staring at me?
I think I know why
I think it finally happened
People watch my show and start to recognize me
Oh Robin so good
But that 's Scotty, he 's my student, he 's looking at me
How strange I am more famous than you
It 's not surprising that I 'm on TV because you 're not famous
Yeah I have 30 students in my class thirty times your audience
Let 's get Scotty a little excited
come and toast the professor
Well, Scotty, just one question about classical architecture
You are Robin Scherbatsky, right?
- what? - i am
wow i didn 't mean to stare at you
I have been watching your show
- really ?
absolutely true
how are you with T ed
- I 'm Professor M osby - we are friends
I came to Robin Scherbatsky to be friends with my economics professor
It 's architecture, Scotty, don 't bother us, where 's the cool place?


wait a minute you 're a big fudge
roll away

- hello? - hey baby i 'm on my way to you
what why ?
Measles outbreak at school and they took half day off
I just wanted to come over to have lunch with you or pass on the measles to you by the way.
All right
I have a problem, it was just my wife
The first time I mentioned you to her she mistook you for a man
Now you worry if she finds out I 'm a woman
she 's going to be totally mad
yes indeed
oh my god i was in an improv group at Pelican Rapids and did it for me


All right

Hey Baby
I am Lily Marshall 's wife
Hi Lily I 'm from the French embassy
I came here because of a small but serious cheese accident . . .
she is Jenkins

Are you Jenkins?
uh yeah cheese accident still to be solved
Then we 'll see you later
Marshall was scared and that 's when he panicked
The famous Jenkins is so interesting
Funny I thought it was a guy who wanted lunch?
Wait a minute you 're not jealous at all?
oh baby
I 'll never have to worry about you and another woman
Yes because we love to live and die, right?
Yeah sure who wants to have lunch ?
she 's not jealous at all
Of course she won 't be jealous
This is the situation in your relationship
what do you mean listen to me tell you buddy
Every good relationship has a climber and a compromiser
It is a person who climbs up a person who is better than himself
Another one who is inferior to oneself
I didn 't give in to Lily
Although she is a little short
And my mom said the ass is too small to have kids
Oh god you think I 'm a climber
That 's why Lily isn 't jealous at all
The submissive is never jealous of the climber
Because what can a climber do?
Lily the bender is Marshall the climber
The best person I can match
No bad no I 'm lucky to be with Lily but Lily is just as lucky

can be with me
Neither of us are high climbers
Dude you 're a total climber and you 're going to buy her a horse
- What? - Shh, stop fighting, stop fighting
A short experiment in modern architecture with V-shaped structures
That 's it
uh . . . wait a minute
- what are you doing here? - you dropped something this morning
So I thought I 'd bring you your pen
This is your pen. You bit the end of the pen just now.
You 're welcome T ed
- I happened to pass by at work - You don 't pass by
My show is Wake Up New York I 'm the anchor
I watch your show all the time
What?! You watch my show?
oh well i 'm honored who else is my fan
- oh man . . . oh - ok thanks for coming Robin
Watch out tonight for my awesome show tonight about edible snail poisoning
Also, where in New York has the worst pizza?
I will give you the answer after the traffic information
Seriously? You watch her show?
It feels like looking at a well-lit water tank but not as interesting as a water tank
If you think about it, there is not as much light as the water tank.
We watch her show for drinking games
- To put it more clearly- Her show started quite early.
We 're usually still at the bar
so whenever she interviews someone
As long as she says 'But that . . . '

- 'But that. . . '? - 'But that. . . '
Apparently she said it quite often
Funny to say I 've had a drink scene with Robin too but it 's really on her
- I 'll start by pouring some peach gin on her navel . . .
- Didn 't buddy say it 's okay not to say such a thing? I 'm sorry, you 're right
Besides, she doesn 't like to talk about waking her up all the time.
Does she really say ' but that . . . ' that often?
That night we learned how often she talks
- Ah that 's great but that...
- But that . . . ok
This isn 't your first spelling bee, is it?
Not the third time, really good boy
But that . . .
But that . . .
She turned out to be that kind of person . . .

The article in the paper today is really interesting . . .
It is said that in every pair of lovers, one person 'climbs' and the other 'succumbs'
is that right? where do i see
It 's not in this paper, I read it in an earlier paper
This paper reminds me of that paper
whatever it is . . .
What do you think about this?
Well some lovers are like that
but we are not
Of course we are not
Um
But if there 's a gun to your head...
You are forced to say which of us is the tallest
Then I would say neither
That 's why we get along so well
So now this gun is pointed at my head and our kids
Also pointing to the cat or monkey we will have in the future
As for which, it depends on who of us wins the adventure game for the next three years.
Still no one climbs high and no one gives in

- So you say that? - This kind of car wheel has been talking for a long time.
finally. . .
Our two children and eight grandchildren
1 1 great-grandchildren all on one plane
Oprah is about to crash into an art museum
It 's full of your favorite works and the only way out . . .
The only way to save it all . . .
Just to answer the question
Are you 'climbing' or 'succumbing to'
Oprah has run out of options?
you have to stop immediately
Then if I had to say it, I 'd say I 'm 'bent'
How can you say such a thing?
She said she was 'submissive' to me
There 's nothing I can do, I have to prove to her that I 'm not 'high'
I gotta make her jealous
That 's easy, just do it
First step to bed with Jenkins
In the second step, I have sex with Jenkins
The third step is to implement the second step
I 'm going to the second step
ok i have an idea
Do you remember playing petanque that night?
You keep throwing the wooden ball into the 50-point hole
what a big deal it 's just another night of my big fudge

Do you think she is interested in me?
just fascinated by you
yeah that 's it
plan takes shape
If young Marshall can 't make Lady Lily jealous
Then I 'm afraid gentlemen big gummy . . .
Maybe . . make her jealous
- this one doesn 't count me again if . . .
- I get it dude don 't say T ed I have a brilliant idea

Uh, are you finally willing to clean the hair off the drain after you shower?
I 'm not kidding if you don 't know if you 're going to make a blanket for the bathtub
You can print out your presentation if you want
I read it on the show
In this entertaining way
Your students may actually learn something
You also call it entertaining?
There were three minutes of nothing on your show yesterday
Just waiting for you to sew the buttons back on the sweater
Sounds like you can 't just because your students like me more than you . . .
- You 're just their booze - what?
They watch your show just want to use you for a drink
As soon as you say 'but that . . . ' they 'll have a toast
- ' But that . . . ' ? - Yes
I didn 't say 'but that . . . ' I never said ' but that . . . '
Then I think maybe it 's not a good drinking order
That is to say, when Barney and I made this order yesterday
I didn 't get so drunk that I vomited all over myself
wait I 'm drunk and vomit
face reality

- Hi Jenkins - Hi buddy
Hey Lily and I are going to go to the school bar again
we want to ask if you are going
uh you can watch me play pétanque
You 're still acting like you did that night, you know what you mean
Of course you decide for yourself I mean I know . . .

hey baby how come back so early
'Baby' I don 't deserve it
- What 's wrong? - Jenkins kissed me she kissed me
I didn 't know she was watching me playing petanque that day
I also think she might be having a feverish moment because of Big Fudge
But you know I stopped her instantly
And you will always be my only baby
I understand what 's going on
You 're still struggling with high climbing and bowing?
Just say it again for the big fudge ?
You made me jealous so you made up a nonsense with Jenkins
I 'm not making up nonsense, it 's true
Those bitches have their tongues
She got her tongue in my mouth
Her tongue is thick and rough like the tentacles of a starfish
really pissed me off
I 'm going to your company to beat her up
fisted her
Okay, do you want some soup, baby?
it 's true
Did you . . leave me some beans?
These are just a few of his contributions to the architectural world
However, he is only remembered for one work
That 's the sad G regorio Franchetti G azebo, classmates
Is there a problem ?
- Would you like to join us for a drink tonight - what?
We have to do that Robin Scherbatsky drink order
Wondering if you could come along
Then I can only say 'but that' together


Still take me? I 'll pay
- good- oh yeah
So your third novel just started to shine, but that...
But that!
I 'm sorry
can- only 'may' no' that' only 'may'
Write your first novel faster
yes - but that . . .
- But that . . .
so cool
But that 's when Robin had an idea
An idea that could end this booze forever
I wanted to ask about the novel you 're writing right now - but that . . .
- But that . . .
Inspired by your . . .
But that
- Long term but that . . . - But that . . .
Stop, stop, stop drinking, it 's a trap
I have to leave the ten bucks, keep it for yourself
ok but thank you for coming
But what if college students are watching this show?
But that . . . but that . . . but that . . . .
we have to drink the professor it 's the rule
As long as she says 'But that . . . '
Lord save us
where are you
- I 'm so sorry I kissed you yesterday - that 's ok
- Also sorry for having sex with you in the mailroom yesterday - that wasn 't me
Alright now, we 've got two awkward conversations today.
I don 't usually look like this. I was too drunk.
You haven 't sobered up yet at 8am?
Yeah, I don 't know what to do
I personally think snail balls are safe but that...
But that . . .

I have to go to work

God this game is so popular
Seriously how could I do such a thing
It 's fine
Of course there 's something wrong
You 're the best person in this shitty office
I really don 't want to destroy our pure relationship between men and women
It 's so embarrassing please don 't tell anyone
Of course not who can I tell? I told Lily


God, I had to go talk to her, I gotta apologize
- no no no no no... . .
- If you want Marshall, I have to confess to her.
But that doesn 't mean anything at all I 'm sorry no I . . .

- yeah go ahead - i will
yes if you are in a hurry
Just tell her that it 's true that you 're sorry
If you 're really short on time, apologize
Just say it 's true. That 's the point. It 's true.
Emphasize this as much as possible
So Lily I have to say it 's true
i 'm really sorry
Oh, it 's true
Is there any way I can do it
Terrible but true
yeah i feel guilty too i hate myself
What I did hurt you and your relationship with Marshall
please forgive me
Dare to kiss my husband, my husband can 't kiss my child 's father except me
Marshall you 're blocking the camera
- Boys, your Uncle Marshall never dared to make your Aunt Lily jealous again-

Let 's keep a low profile in today 's class
Don 't speak, don 't make noise


How are you guys?
no no no go far
I 'm just saying a word
Thanks for watching 'Good Morning New York'
But that . . .
