





0 0 : 0 0 : 3 1 , 7 8 1 - -&gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 3 3 , 8 6 7 ‎ What is this place? ‎ Where am I?
‎ I don 't speak English
‎ please take a seat
‎ Phone?
‎ No local calls only
‎ please be careful you shouldn 't get out of bed
‎ The doctor will come soon
‎ Who sent me here?
‎ Is it Fulin?
‎ Gustavo Flynn
‎ Sit down
‎ I 'll go get you a glass of water


‎ ( four kilometers by road)
‎ I tried to save you but you don 't cherish it at all
‎ How am I here?
‎ You are here to recover
‎ What does he want to do with me?
‎ He asked me to keep you alive
‎ Is it possible?





‎ NETFLIX Original Series
‎ Once the eviction is over‎ the person in charge of the utilities will come and draw the line
‎ While we tear down the north fence
‎ Load everything in the enclosure‎ and send it to the storage warehouse
‎ Clean up the waste to the trash can on the side
‎ Never mind that a concrete waste disposal company will come and collect it
‎ - All right? ‎ - I seem to have a small problem‎ Wait who are you?
‎ I 'm attorney Saul Goodman nice to meet you
‎ - I 'm still asking, where 's the progress? ‎ - What does it mean?
‎ Did you know?
‎ It 's almost the hour so I have a suggestion for you
‎ If you let them go now‎ you might save half a day of wages and allowances
‎ What are you talking about?


‎ Officers are so nice, you came at the right time‎ - what 's going on? ‎ - He 's a lawyer says there 's a little problem
‎ I 'm Everett Acker 's attorney‎ doing due diligence seriously
‎ Sorry sir, this is a deportation order signed by the judge
‎ Surely, let me take a look?
‎ There will be nothing wrong with Mr.
‎ Sir, since you represent Mr. Aker‎ can you guarantee that he will cooperate with the deportation?
‎ Can you read the address above?
‎ Questions 1 1 3 0 Wadi Landscape Road?
‎ Did I mean it 's here?

‎ It was very clear before that on the mailbox‎ the house number was 1 1 3 0
‎ But I didn 't see it ‎ Did you see it, officer?
‎ I can 't see either
‎ Someone must have ripped it off‎ This is No. 1 1 30 Wadi Landscape Road‎ This is No. 1 2 40 Wadi Landscape Road
‎ Always 1240 Wadi Landscape Road
‎ - 1 2 4 0? ‎ - 1 2 4 0
‎ - My client says it 's 1 2 4 0‎ - I have a planning map here and we can verify it now
‎I didn 't mean to take the liberty of drawing this map‎ but Mr. Aker has lived here for 30 years
‎ - He thinks he knows the address of his home‎ - Sir, do you have anything to prove the address?

‎ ( O 'Hara &amp; Sons Moving Company)


‎ thank you

‎ 1240 Wadi Landscape Road
‎ It 's 1 1 3 0 This thing can be printed out by anyone‎ You have a deportation order signed by a judge
‎ We can get an appraiser over in the afternoon‎ and he 'll clear things up‎ - that will cost us the whole day‎ - listen officer
‎ When you forcibly evict a veteran‎ and take all his possessions
‎ Demolish the house he has worked so hard to build for 50 years‎ Would you please check the address first?

‎ Please don 't I just lose the house number‎ I have to make a call


‎ 10 minute break for everyone


‎ This guy ran out of tricks for a year now and now has a lawyer?
‎ It 's not a good thing to have a lawyer here‎ We settled this in a few hours
‎ It 's just a trick played by the other party‎ and it 's not very clever‎ but it wasted our day 's time‎ I think it 's clever enough


‎ But it 's done. ‎ Tomorrow the workers will finally be able to demolition, right?
‎ Here 's the plan
‎ Any questions?
‎ Unfortunately there is one more difficult thing to do
‎ The lawyer hired by Aker is Jimmy
Good rice?
‎ Your boyfriend Jimmy? ‎ yes
‎ How is that possible? ‎ Jimmy has been making a strong case for himself
‎ Seems like it happened to be noticed by Aker


‎ Ok so what happened?
‎ In order not to jeopardize your interests‎ I will withdraw from the Tucumcari project
‎ Stef will take my place‎ She and Peggy can do this project
‎ Kim has done a lot of work‎ ​​I think Stef will do a great job‎ Of course I 'm only talking about the Tucumcari project‎ I 'll take care of the rest as usual



‎ Did you know?
‎ I don 't think it 's right
‎ It 's no coincidence that Aker hired Jimmy
‎ I heard about you persuading that guy
‎ Sounds like you 're throwing a tantrum at him‎ - I . . . I don 't think I . . . ‎ - I think so
‎ That guy looks so good at you
‎ So he hired Jimmy‎ to keep you out of this project

‎ Kevin I . . .
‎ I must say it 's very unlikely‎ Trust me gold‎ I can see through other people 's tricks at a glance, okay?
‎ Excuse me, I believe your paralegal is more than capable
‎ But I will never allow this guy‎ to violate my interests in the slightest
‎ I think Kim means
‎ Need to face the other party 's lawyer when she goes home‎ This is a bit difficult for her
‎ Is it gold? Will this affect your relationship with Jimmy? ‎ I 'm not worried about myself now
‎ I just don 't want a conflict of interest then
‎ I 'm not worried about that
‎ If you are willing to stay‎ Why do we have to change coaches halfway through?
‎ Kevin Are they waiting for you?
‎ yes
‎ Listen I need that call center‎ The project can 't be delayed any longer
‎ We have a lot of competitors and they don 't
‎ Stop building call centers because of a grumpy old bastard‎
‎ - Understand? ‎ - understand
‎ I know you understand


‎ Is that an MRI machine?
‎ yes
‎ All money from Fulin
‎ And those nice little houses out there. There must be tons of meth in there.
‎ No drugs here
‎ Nothing but the ones I prescribed
‎ The people here don 't have guns either

‎ What if I want to go home?
‎ You can leave anytime
‎ Go the way I found you first
‎ 5km walk from there‎ There is a gate to the main road
‎ The door is guarded
‎ I guess the gatekeeper must have a gun
‎ Maybe‎ I haven 't seen any weapons
‎ Anyway they won 't stop you
‎ Walk 12 km on the highway‎ and you will see a small town
‎ Bigger than here but still small
‎ there is a bus stop
‎ Once in the car . . . ‎ you might be able to get to El Paso in a day 's drive
‎ but
‎ You just can 't make it with your current situation
‎ I suggest you take a good rest‎ and enjoy the food that Mrs. Cortaza prepared for you
‎ A breath of fresh air
‎ Flynn sent me all the way here
‎ Why?
‎ I don 't know
‎ you have to ask him
‎ So you 're his barefoot doctor on call?
‎ My barefoot doctor saved your life
‎ This is a medicine to prevent infection
‎Two tablets every four hours for the next week This is a pain reliever
‎ eat when you need it
‎ I will see you in three days
‎ Then in about a week‎ maybe you 'll be able to travel long distances
‎ I can help you talk to your family
‎ no more









‎ ( strive to be the best)



‎ Hello Howard
‎ Hi Jimmy did I hit the wrong time?
‎ To be honest I was a little busy but . . .
‎ What 's the matter?
‎ Just thinking of you, how have you been recently?
‎ very good
‎ That 's fine. ‎ What 's the matter?
‎ Just contact you to hear what you have to say about us
‎ What did you think about the last thing we talked about?
‎ We talked about . . .
‎ Oh work!
‎ to bad I mean‎ hey I 've been thinking about it really
‎ That 's fine. So is there a conclusion?
‎ No I 'm still . . . I 'm still thinking
‎ You know I think a lot ‎ It 's a big thing to think about
‎ Very good I can discuss the details with you anytime
‎ - sounds great‎ - and Jimmy . . .






‎ hey
‎ has a strange smell
‎ Yes, the taste of curry
‎ Unexpected Hero
‎ I have to marinate overnight but tomorrow morning
‎ - How 's Kevin over there? ‎ - I 'm still in charge of this case
‎ No, it 's great! what happened?
‎ The more I wanted to go, the more he wanted me to stay
‎ - Hmm, but he 's angry, right? ‎ - somewhat
‎ Ok so where are you talking?

‎ his country club
‎ Just before tee time‎ It 's great to put pressure on him
‎ - Actually he had to change his playing time ‎ - Great!
‎ Ok, what 's the situation?
‎ Are you sitting? Still standing? I mean. . .
‎ Describe the scene to me
‎ come




‎ okay
‎ Peggy and I met him outside the clubhouse


‎ The three of us sat at a table‎ He sat like this and he said . . .

‎ Wait a minute? ‎ How does he sit?
‎ - To him leaning against the table‎ - Does he like to sit at his side?
‎ should be
‎ Well you never told me he likes to sit on his side
‎ This information is important
‎ Ok continue
‎ Well he sat there and said:

‎ - ' I will never allow this guy to violate me . . . ' ‎ - Wait a minute and imitate his voice
‎ - I don 't want to imitate him‎ - You must learn it please
‎ He 's an old cowboy, right? ‎ So does he talk like this?
‎ - No‎ - Full of southern accents?
‎ Actually. . .
‎ More like this. . .


‎ ' It 's not a good thing to have a lawyer

‎ I desperately need that call center' ‎ No problem Kevin
‎ - Wait a minute are you playing me? ‎ - for you
‎ to continue

‎ ok i will never allow this guy to violate my interests ‎ no sir


‎ Kim, I hope now more than yesterday that the center will be built sooner, understand?


‎ - But Kevin . . . ‎ - No I don 't care what you do
‎ I don 't like to wait‎ I haven 't waited before and won 't ever
‎ My bottom line is to start digging holes for trees more sculptures
‎ Kim you go get him now or something
‎ etc
‎ What 's wrong?
‎ Kevin?
‎ What is the money?
‎ Would you like to take a bath with me?

‎ hateful
‎ I think I would







‎ Can 't make international calls












‎ thank you






‎ Hey‎ do you know who I am? ‎ How are you doing now? Should be better, right?

‎ You don 't do things for nothing
‎Why did you send me here?
‎ I am inconvenient now




‎ What 's wrong?
‎ Sir, please be careful not to come over here!
‎ - How? ‎ - please stand outside quarantine
‎ What?
‎ It is the area enclosed by the stakes, please go out
‎ How about Dr.
‎ According to my preliminary judgment‎ I think these objects are contemporary
‎ for sure
‎ But we have to do a systematic qualitative search to be sure
‎ Isn 't it? is this necessary?
‎ - I 'm afraid so‎ - No, so how long?
‎ - One to two days up to a week‎ - One week?
‎ Please know that these are the things he buried here on purpose
‎ This thing is exactly the same as the house number thing‎ Absolutely!
‎ Not that time was unintentional‎ This time, the law may be involved!
‎ - Who said that? ‎ - According to the New Mexico Cultural Assets Protection Act


‎ no
‎ You 're not going to let them go, are you?

‎ I have to make a call







‎ sorry to bother you
‎ He sued us on behalf of the water department
‎ Water department? ‎ Stef, you are good at regulatory law

‎ He says there is something wrong with the land certificate issued in 1846
‎ ridiculous
‎ Pat, you 'd better put something else aside
‎ He says our biggest builder is a fugitive fugitive
‎ No
‎ Evan, you take care of this





‎ ( Tucumcari Call Center will be completed soon! )
‎ (Mesa Verde Bank &amp; Trust)
‎ - I can see Ursa Minor‎ - That 's Ursa Major
‎ yes
‎ Is that Orion over there?
‎ No that 's a satellite




‎ Police officers ' boundary soil contains radiation
‎ We have to sample‎ Do I need to ask?
‎ I have to . . .
‎ you know
‎ Be prepared for anything‎ Okay, I got it

‎ We are in trouble
‎ I 've always enjoyed your radio show
‎ I never thought I 'd see miracles with my own eyes
‎ That 's right Tucumcari‎ right along Route 54

‎ Plenty of parking spaces‎ Thank you! ‎ I 've always been your listener‎ but this is the first time I 've called the show
‎ ( community church)
‎ I see
‎ hello lady




‎ What 's your name dear?





‎ (Desert Miracle Appears in Tucumcari)
‎ hateful
‎ There are not so many people
‎ Apparently because the image on the house is starting to fade
‎ Tomorrow we will send more security personnel‎ No parking of foreign vehicles
‎ Answer me this question
‎ If they say there 's radiation there‎ Why didn 't Aker leave?
‎ In fact, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration‎ is more concerned about this issue
‎ They were concerned about radiation hazards for construction workers‎ The radiation levels were well within safe limits‎ We should be able to continue construction on Thursday
‎ If nothing else

‎ Jin you give me the bottom line
‎ Obviously the purpose of the other party‎ is to force us back to the negotiating table
‎ and then stumbling upon us
‎ We have to take the initiative in this matter
‎ If I say we 'll sue back ‎ sue Aker sue Goodman‎ tit for tat
‎ Doing this could waste years of time
‎ They know Mesa Verde can 't afford it‎ Time is an advantage for them
‎ You 're right about that

‎ Richie, do you have anything to say?
‎ maybe
‎ What if there was a way for us to turn our backs on the customer?
‎ What if you gave up building a call center? ‎ or at least not in that position
‎ The cards are in your hands in a flash‎ and there is absolutely no delay
‎ When the time comes, the money the other party has spent all the time‎ will not be possible to make up for it.

‎ Wait a minute so... . .
‎ What 's wrong?
‎ I know there is another alternative plot
‎ As long as you change it, you win immediately

‎ Hold on, we 're not giving up‎ another plot?
‎ Lot 2 3 7 5 No problem‎ Our license is still valid
‎ The call center can still be built and put into use as scheduled

‎ We did some calculations without authorization
‎ Economic losses are negligible




‎ - My dad didn 't teach me to run away‎ - Kevin We didn 't let you . . .
‎ I will never compromise‎ Let a vile lawyer take my land
‎ Forgive me for the money

‎ You all listened
‎ Find a way to get them off my land
‎ My call center won 't let an inch!



‎ you tried your best
‎ - Is it? ‎ - yeah
‎ You 've done enough for that crazy old man
‎ have done their best
‎ - You should be at ease‎ - so you think
‎ You 've made lucrative offers to Aker
‎ Let 's be realistic
‎ It 's not good for you to let me be his lawyer
‎ I mean if anyone knew . . .
‎ You took a big risk for this guy

‎Listen this time next week‎ Aker will be living elsewhere
‎ Is this really that important?
‎ Besides, Mesa Verde is your biggest customer
‎ You have to have a degree in wrangling with them

‎ Although I can continue to play tricks

‎ But the rational thing to do is to end the matter quickly
‎ give the guy some money
‎ Pop champagne with the other winners‎ with a seemingly heartfelt smile
‎ Do you drink beer? I 'm going to get a bottle
‎ Or else?


Good rice?
‎ There 's really no need to continue this
‎ not worth it

‎ Or else? ‎ No. . .
‎ We slapped Kevin Washville
‎ things can get unpleasant‎ can affect your personal relationship
‎ can also be dangerous





‎ okay
‎ okay
‎ - Hello? ‎ - hey is me
‎ - I heard it ‎ - Very good
‎ listen I have something for you to do‎ listen to me because it 's a good thing
‎ I 'm sorry but your voice echoes
‎ Are you in a tunnel? still. . .
‎ yes
‎ where are you?
‎ to me in the tunnel
‎ okay
‎ Anyway, this time is different from last time, okay?
‎ Just ask you to research your competitors
‎ To put it bluntly, lawyers hire private investigators‎ What do you think?

‎ Are you a lawyer again? ‎ To a perfectly legal lawyer so . . .
‎ Did I mention that this is a paid service?
‎ - I don 't have time‎ - What did you say?
‎ no







‎ lady
‎ nice and delicious
‎ thank you







‎ God



‎ slow down
‎ You don 't have to do this
‎ Stop being stubborn
‎ It 's okay I 'm okay thanks




‎ Where did you find this person?
‎ Found in the same place as Shure
‎ So it 's like some kind of underground classifieds site?
‎ This person knows many people
‎ a certain type of person
‎ - he is cautious‎ - he has to be cautious



‎ I passed
‎ It 's alright, just watch it here

‎ ( Daily Massage &amp; Nail Art)





‎ I thought we would meet at a law firm
‎ Well, this is the law firm‎ Okay

‎ Giselle this is Mr. X

‎ I use this name at work
‎ This thing is full of parasites
‎ Okay I know the conference room is in the back
‎ - good‎ - good


‎ - I did a detailed investigation as requested‎ - and then what?
‎ Nothing and nothing‎ This guy is as clean as a blank sheet of paper
‎ It 's impossible for everyone to have black material‎ But he really doesn 't
‎ You are investigating an Eagle Scout who earns hundreds of thousands of dollars a year

‎ Is there a history of arrests?


‎ drunk driving
‎ A homecoming weekend in college
‎ It 's all 3 4 years ago‎ Is this what you 're looking for?
‎ Where 's the lover? What about offshore accounts?
‎ He has no secret bank account, no secret cell phone, no sex at lunch, no female friends, no boyfriend
‎ This guy is boring‎, as boring as Saturday night in Salt Lake City
‎ Excuse me but your work‎ ​​sounds superficial
‎ 'On the surface' ?
‎ yes
‎ Well, it wasn 't my effort
‎ I took a self-guided tour at his house
‎ - All seven bedrooms, four and a half baths‎ - Wait a minute
‎ You mean you broke into his house?
‎ Giselle, this may be a trick for people to do this
‎ Maybe we should be more concerned about the outcome, not the method. I wonder


‎ He installed a security system in his home‎ Sensitive sensors were installed on the windows on the second floor
‎ I shot the airsoft gun at the window a few times . . .
‎ It 's an air gun
‎ The alarm sounds are driving the housekeeper crazy‎ So I wore work clothes‎ and came to the door with a toolbox and a work card from a security company.
‎ She couldn 't wait for me to do a full inspection of the home‎
‎ Does this meet your requirements?
‎ - Ok so what did you find when you went in? ‎ - I just said nothing found‎ There 's no way 'no discovery' at all‎, okay? we want details
‎ Do you want details? All right
‎ I have details here



‎ This is his home office
‎ It took me an extra four minutes to open the floor safe
‎ Only a few life insurance contracts in it‎ A few rings and a 50 cent coin
‎ This guy is an antique and doesn 't have a computer at home
‎ Photos of the motel on the wall‎ Documents on the table‎ What documents?

‎ Take your time
‎ I may not be a nail salon lawyer‎ but I know that a person is law-abiding at a glance
‎ So you can take back your 'superficial' evaluation, right?
‎ Can you enter his downtown office? ‎ Of course
‎ But there 's a better way‎ isn 't it?
‎ Yes, I 'm looking for two more people
‎ Two people with self-control
‎ Then we drove an unremarkable van‎ and approached the man
‎ Then grab him and stuff him in a sack‎ and take him to the desert
‎ Come here today‎ Ultimately this banker 's ‎ will meet all your needs, okay?
‎ - it 's alright ‎ - no
‎ - Listen, I promise you can do whatever you want‎ - Sergeant Slaughter, you better go paintball
‎ It 's okay, I 'm just giving you options
‎ Okay, get out from here and walk through the gift shop
‎ - ok‎ - don 't touch anything please
‎ - I won 't listen to me . . . ‎ - I know you . . .












‎ I don 't know what to say‎ I will complain to the management about this idiot‎ The guy I used before is much more reliable than him

‎ What 's wrong? What did you find?




‎ (Bankbook‎ Albuquerque, NM 1958)
‎ Do you have time?
‎ have
‎ Is everything okay?
‎ It 's all good, although there are some difficulties‎ I 'm still dealing with the situation in Tucumcari
‎ What about your public advocacy career?
‎ okay

‎ Is something wrong?
‎ Listen, I 've been thinking about it, why don 't you suspend your involvement with Mesa Verde?
‎ Pause?
‎ The law firm has taken several cases about disputes over mining rights‎ This is your area of ​​expertise
‎ You can spend time on these cases‎ and your nonprofit clients
‎ - Mesa Verde is my client‎ - They will still be
‎ I will take over the project but only temporarily
‎ Of course it goes without saying‎ This will not affect your salary
‎ Include your dividends
‎ But Mesa Verde is all about potential disputes
‎ Kevin asked for it
‎ But I still think it 's better for you to quit the project temporarily

‎ - I don 't understand why you are doing this‎ - You really don 't understand?

‎ Kim
‎ - Why? ‎ - Do you have to break the casserole and ask to the end?
‎ yes it is a must

‎ okay
‎ I tried my best to convince you first ‎ to go to Tucumcari to deal with the deportation
‎ Then you push Kevin step by step to change the project location
‎ but he refused and all of a sudden‎ your boyfriend became his lawyer
‎ I told you ‎ I have explained this to Kevin and Peggy
‎ Well I know‎ but I 'm sorry I don 't believe your words at all






‎ Richie? Richie wait a minute, what are you trying to say?
‎ - Let 's talk in my office‎ - You are blaming me
‎ Speak Up
‎ Are you accusing me of dereliction of duty? ‎ Damage the interests of your own clients? what is it?
‎ - Please . . . ‎ - Ritchie Says
‎ You know how much effort I have put in to get to where I am today, you know
‎ - do know for me‎ - then tell me
‎ please tell me‎ why I risked everything to help that squatter
‎ Why? I don 't understand‎ Are you trying to protect lawyers? Who is endangering the law firm?
‎ Kim I want to protect not a lawyer but you
‎ I don 't need your protection I want to represent my clients

‎ If you really want to























‎ What do you want to do with me?
‎ It 's better not to let Mrs. Cortaza know we know ‎ I try my best not to let my business get in the way

‎ You look so much better ‎ I 'm glad
‎ So you sent me here‎ to let me know how kind you are? Yeah?
‎ You throw money at these people and they treat you with respect
‎ People here only know that I am a friend of the doctor‎ That 's all
‎ They don 't know you funded this
‎ I don 't want to be known‎ Anonymous Donor
‎ It must make you feel good about yourself

‎ Are you doing this to keep your balance?
‎ Make amends for the sin you committed?
‎ I 'm not doing this to make up for anything
‎ I am who I am
‎ What is this place?
‎ Consider it a place of remembrance
‎ Remember what?


‎ I told you a long time ago to keep your stinky money
‎ You don 't look like someone who doesn 't understand voice overs. So what do you think?
‎ It seems to me that you are currently at a crossroads
‎ You can go on like that
‎ Drink alcohol away from family
‎ Fighting with street gangsters‎ You and I both know what will happen in the end
‎ - Is it? ‎ - but you have another option‎ When your minions
‎ I 'm at war and need a soldier
‎ So you want me to do things for one drug dealer‎ and kill another drug dealer?
‎ This is a choice in your eyes
‎ You know better than me that you fought them
‎ you know who they are
‎ You mean the Salamanca family
‎ Are you different from them?
‎ yes
‎ I 'm not like them

‎ Why are you looking for me?
‎ because I think you 'll understand
‎ Understand what?
‎ revenge




‎ Subtitle translation: ‎ Wu Chunyan
