The entrance to the dungeon is a gate covered in moss' Theentrancetothedungeo nisamosscovereddoor .
You managed to open the door and found yourself' You managetoopenitonlyt ofindyourself
Face with an ugly stench' F ace - to - facewithahideous , foul - smelling ,
Moss-covered ogre moss - coveredogre.'
What do you do What doyoudo ? I 'll tell him 'What 's Mama for dinner tonight?' I say, 'Hey, M a, what  ' sfordinner?'
Seventeen o 'clock S eventeen .
The ogre was moved by your joke and allowed you to enter Theogreisamusedbyyourj okeandallowsyoutopass .
By the way I also like Bytheby , I likedit , too .
How 's the wedding going? Howard Howard Howard, Howard?
Very good we spent five hours last night Great . We espentfivehourslastni ght at Macy 's picking gifts at M acy  ' sregisteringforgifts .
Looks like I 'm finally able to taste Like I 'm finally going to have
My coveted little cute terra cotta asparagus dish thatdarlinglittleeart henwareasparagusdish I 'vealwayswanted.
Look this is See , this is the goodthing about havingagirlfrien d 9 , 0 0 0 milesaway .
At least I can do whatever I want at night I canspendmynights doing whatever I want .
Are you referring to You meanlikeplayingnerd gameswithus after playing nerdy games with us and then taking a suspiciously long hot shower and then taking asuspici ouslylongshower ?
Maybe Maybe .
We entered the dungeon Weenterthedungeon .
Saw a dragon Youseeadragon.
Isn 't it called 'Dungeon and Dragons' Really ? Sowe  ' replaying D ungeons &amp; D ragons and then enter the dungeon and see a dragon and wewalkintoadungeon andseeadragon ?
Doesn 't it feel a little too direct I sn  ' tthatalittleonthenose ?
Have you ever complained about W henyouplay C hutesand L adders , doyoucomplain about all the chutesanda lltheladders when you play the ladder slide game?
Are you going to eat the whole pie? A reyougonnaeatthatwhole epie?
Maybe why not M aybe .
W hynot ? Who is worth fighting for in my life Who I haveinmylifetowatchmy figurefor ?
Omg did you watch BJ 's Singles again Oh, God, didyouwatch Bridget Jonsagain?
No, because everyone has attribution No , it  ' sjustthateverybody  ' sgotsomeone .
Sheldon  ' swith A my , Howard  ' sgettingmarried , you are dating my sister you  ' redating mysister .
Now that Howard is getting married No owthat Howard  ' sgettingmarried , he may choose one of his ex-girlfriends among the many inflatable dolls to send you maybehe  ' llinflateoneofhisoldg irlfriendsforyou .
Do you know whose fault my loneliness is Youknowwho I blameformyloneliness ?
It is The United States of America.
Your movies and TV shows promise the streets here Yourmoviesandyour TV showspromisedstreetsp aved full of beautiful blondes with big titswithbeautifulblondewo menwithbigbazongas .
Eat another pie and you 'll have your own big tits E atanotherpie , you  ' llhaveyourownbazongas .
You are so cruel to say that T hat  ' screw .
You know my fat only grows on my ass You ouknowitgoesstraightt omyhips .
Gentlemen, please focus.
You are now facing a fire breathing dragon You  ' refacingafire - breathingdragon .
I don 't want to play anymore I don  ' tknowif I wanttoplayanymore .
Just because you don 't have a girlfriend? Becauseyoudon  ' theagirlfriend ?
My mother, Seventh Uncle, Well, good Lord, if you don 't play Dungeons &amp; Dragons because of this, ifthatbecomesareasonn ottoplay Dungeons &amp; D ragons, then this game has come to an end thisgame  ' sinserioustrouble .
■ This subtitle is produced by YY e T s Renren Film and Television. For more original translations of American dramas, please visit www . YY e T s . net
■ Translation: Michael Heinrich Joanna ■
Late stage: Lone Sail Timeline: Small e
■
Proofreading: Joanna YY Director: YY
The Big Bang Theory Season 5 Episode 4
Later we also use these waxes Now , I assumeweusethissamewa xlateron to clean each other 's bikini parts toneatenupeachother  ' sbikiniregions .
Bikini Parts: The Three Private Parts of Women
My bikini area is clean Y eah , mybikiniregionisfine .
Who was shocked that I wasn 't W ho  ' sshocked ?
I ' m   n o t .
S o , Bernadette , how  ' stheweddingplanninggoing ?
I 'm not asking to be a bridesmaid candidate. And I 'mnotaskingasaprospect ivebridesmaid.
Pick me, pick me Pickme!
P i c k   m e !
We went to try the wedding cake yesterday We ewentcake - tastingyesterday .
Raj also came to Rajcamealong.
He wept bitterly and ate half the cake sample He ecriedandatehalfthesa mples .
That poor fellow is so lonely Oh, thepoorguy ' ssolonely.
We should find him a companion We eshould sethimupwithso meone .
I met a lovely girl Youknow at work, I metareallycutegirlatw ork .
She is married to S he  ' smarriedtoaguyinoneof ourdrugtrials , one of our drug trials .
Hello Well, hello?
She 's all married. S he  ' smarried .
Yeah but her husband is currently Yeah , butherhusbandisin is in congestive heart failure seriouscongestivehear tfailure , allegedly he has now been placed in the placebo group andalittlebirdietoldm ehe  ' sintheplacebogroup .
Placebo: does not make the patient receive an effective treatment, but 'expects' or 'believes' that the treatment will be effective, and relieves the patient 's symptoms
Well in the future there is another sad widow O kay , sofuturegrief - strickenwidow who is in need of the comfort of others istheonetobeat .
Are we ready to order? A rewereadytoorder?
One moment O nemoment .
I am now doing an experiment I  ' mconductingan experiment .
With Dungeons &amp; Dragonsdice?
Yes from this moment I decide Yes .
F romhereonin , I  'vedecided later unimportant decisions are made by rolling the dice to make all trivialdecis ionswithathrowofthedi ce , which frees up time for my mind thusfreeingupmymind
Do what it does best: enlighten the mind to shock the world dowhatit does best - - enlightenandamaze .
Page 14 Article 7 P age 1 4 , itemseven .
So what exactly do we eat S o , what  ' sfordinner ?
A sideofcornsuccotash.
Really interesting H mm .
I n t e r e s t i n g .
Howard can I ask you something U m , Howard , can I seeyouforaminute , please ?
I don 't want to show your friends I don  ' twanttoshowanymoreofy our friends how I can fit in the boostersea ts .
Uh , no , that  ' snotit . U h , no , that  ' snotit .
J u s t   c o m e   w i t h   m e ,   p l e a s e .
Let 's see what to drink to go with bean boiled corn L et  ' sseewhat I  ' llbewashingthatsuccot ashdownwith .
A large pot of margaritas A pitcherofmargaritas .
Do you really want that Doyoureallywantthat ?
This is the most wonderful place T hat  ' sthegreatthing .
It doesn 't matter what you choose I tdoesn 'tmatter.
My mind can have more time to think about more important things M ymindisfreeduptothink aboutmoreimportantthi ngs .
What is your mind thinking now What  ' sitthinkingaboutnow ?
Hamburger and Lemonade Hamburgersandlemonade .
Raj I have a friend who wants to introduce you to U m , R aj , there  ' ssomeone I wantyoutomeet .
This is my friend Emily T hisismyfriend E mily I met in gym class.
I   k n o w   h e r   f r o m   m y   s p i n   c l a s s .
Raj calm down she can 't hear what you say she is deaf Raj , relax .
S h e   c a n ' t   h e a r   y o u .
S h e ' s   d e a f .
Emily This is our friend Raj E mily , thisisourfriend R aj .

See how well you two get along. Lookatyouguysjusthitti ngitoff .
I am such a super matchmaker. I amsogood.
Hello Hi .
She said ' nice to meet you ' S hesays , ' it  ' snicetomeetyou '
Is she serious Doesshereallymeanthat or is she hurting me orwasshesigningitsarc astically ?
Raj said he was also happy to meet you Rajsaysit  ' snicetomeetyou , too .
She said she had to go back with her family S hesaysshehastogobackt oherfamily , but if you want to text her and ask her out to get together but P ennyhashernumberifyou want you can ask Penny for her number totextherandgettogeth er .
Well I decided to play cool O kay , I  ' mgoingtoplayitcool .
Say to her, 'Let 's talk about it later, baby.' Tellher, 'Maybe.
W h a t e v e r ,   b a b e . "
He will text your He 'lltextyou.
Look I have a date Lookatthat .
I   h a v e   a   d a t e .
I started to love America again I love A mericaagain .
Now for dessert A ndnowfordessert . . .
C omeon , hotfudgesundae , comeon , hotfudgesundae .
Oh yeah that 's right B am !
T h a t ' s   w h a t   I ' m   t a l k i n g   a b o u t !
Well wait till she gets to O kay , assoonasshegetshere , since she knows I 'm calm sosheknows I  ' mcoolwithit ,
So I 'm going to make a joke about her deafness I 'mgoingtomakeajokeabou therbeingdeaf.
Like hey you heard that what didn 't I wasthinking, 'Hey, didyouheartheoneabout . . . ?
Yeah I forgot you can 't hear Oh, no, I betyoudidn 't.'
You 'd better be your single fat man. Maybeweshouldrevisityo urlonelyfatguyplan .
She came Oh , she  ' shere .
No kidding Nojoke .
She said she was sorry for being late
Tell her it 's okay Tellheritdoesn 'tmatter.
Tell her that her eyes twinkle like T ellher , hereyesshimmerlikeopa lescentlilies inthelakeofthepalaceo fthecelestialmaidens .
Really? Really?
Are you going to say this as soon as you come up T hat  ' sthefirstthingyouwant tosay ?
I thought about it all night and just said I workedonitalnight .
U seit . I don 't know 'milky' sign language Look , I don  ' tknowthesignforopales cent .
Then spell it out and show her Thenspellit .
I don 't spell I don 'tknowhowtospellit.
You have to screw me up You  ' reblowing thisforme !
He likes your eyes Helikesyoureyes .
Alright now I sound like a caveman You  ' remakingmesoundlikeac aveman .
She said 'Thank you for your beautiful eyes too' S hesays , 'T hankyou .
Y o u   h a v e   n i c e   e y e s ,   t o o . "
Really ask how many children she wants Really ?
Don 't No.

Well then tell her that my voice is low and sexy Fine . T ellher I haveadeep , sexyvoice
Like James Earl Jones like James Earl Jones .
The American movie star once dubbed the old king in 'The Lion King'. She doesn 't know what James Earl Jones sounds like.
Just so she won 't know that I 'm lying. Great .
T h e n   s h e   w o n ' t   k n o w   I ' m   l y i n g .
Let me think what else can I tell you about me Let  ' ssee , whatelsecan I tellyouaboutme to make you like me thatwouldmakeyoulikeme ?
I love music O oh , I lovemusic .
Do you like music Do youlovemusic ?
Do you really want to ask her this Youreallywanttoaskhert hat ?
And yes, everyone loves music. You  ' reright .
E v e r y o n e   l o v e s   m u s i c .
She asked 'Can you play an instrument?' S hesays, 'Doyouplayaninstrument?'
No No , but when I was six years old but when I wassixyearsold ,
Ever wanted to start a boy band I triedtostartaboybandc alled
Imitation of Frankie Goes T o Hollywood old British band
Called 'Frankie to Bollywood' Frankie Goesto Bollywood.
But I couldn 't find any other boys who would team up with me But I couldn  ' tgetanyotherboystojoin , so my parents had to ask my servants somyparentsaskedthese rvants to be my backup dancers tobemybackupdancers .
Wait , when you sign ' servants ' , don  ' tsignit like I  ' mbragging .
S ignitinaway that I soundhumble while revealing the 'yes I have servants' feeling withjustahintof ' T hat  ' sright , I hadservants .'
God, you are so full of nonsense. D oyouhearyourself ?
What are you afraid of anyway, she can 't hear the quick gestures?
S o   g e t   s i g n i n g ,   h a n d   m o n k e y .
I write a letter to Santa every day I think I wrotealetterto Santa C lauseveryday .
At last it was Christmas morning A ndthenon C hristmasmorning , I found an underthetreeisalittle puppy witharedribbon under the Christmas tree with a red ribbon.

What are you doing What are youdoing ?
Text Bernadette to tell her I 'm going back later tonight T exting Bernadette that I  ' mgonnabelate .
Dude what did she say D ude , whatissshesaying ?
She is telling a funny story about dogs I t  ' safunnystoryaboutapup py .
You 're right just laughing along Justsmileandlaugh .

- Okay don 't laugh- what 's up- Quick , quick , stopsmiling .
-   W h a t ?   W h y ?
The puppy later died and it swallowed a doll 's head T hepuppydied -- itchokedonadollhead .
Sad face, sad face, sad face!
It 's a little hard to see it under the city lights, but that W-shaped constellation is Cassiopeia.
Next to it is Andromeda, the daughter of Cassiopeia, A ndshewasthemotherof A ndromedawho 'soverthere.
Look, twinkle, twinkle, Jingjing, Look, prettystars.
This is her car T hisishercar . She hope to see you next time S hehopesshecanseeyouag ainsometime .
Good, good. Good, good.
Oh my gosh, boy, help me helpmeouthere.
Does she want me to kiss her D oesshewantmetokissher ornot ?
I can only sign language and I can 't read minds. I speaksignlanguage , I don  ' treadminds .
If you were me would you kiss her I fyouwereme , wouldyoukissher ?
Yes but brother is a master flirt Yeah, but I  ' mamakeoutking .
Brother is really good at picking up girls I wassosmoothonthatdate .
You 're the only one who helped me make the bubbles, okay? You?
I madeyousmooth . You are an idiot Youwereanidiot .
Whatever you say, she kissed me W hatever, dude.
S h e   k i s s e d   m e .
Maybe she kissed your lipsI tmight  ' vebeenonyourlips ,
But in fact she kissed me butitwasmykiss . Well then when she kissed both of us Oh , fine .
L e t ' s   a g r e e   s h e   k i s s e d   b o t h   o f   u s .
into O kay .
Mustache is good Sheldon Mustache is looking goodt here , S heldon . Don 't praise me for dice D on  ' tthankme .
T h a n k   t h e   d i c e .
The dice told me what percentage of beard to shave Theytoldmewhatpercenta geofmyfacetoshave .
Why are you still doing this W hyareyoustilldoingthi s ?
Because this is useful Becauseit  ' sworking . These weeks I nthepastfewweeks ,
because without having to make trivial decisions unburdenedbytrivialde cisions ,
I have co-authored two papers in the prestigious I 'veco-authoredtwopapers peer-reviewed journals innotablepeer-reviewedjournals,
I will soon find out and I  ' mclosetofiguringoutwh y the L arge Hadron Colliderhasyet how to isolate the Higgs boson particle toisolate the Higgs boson .
And one you didn 't mention your balls were scratched Youleftout , gotchafedtesticles
Just because the dice tell you not to wear panties anymore becauseyounolongerwea runderpants .
Success dice lose dice T hedicegivethandthedic etakethaway . Is Raj out with Emily again I s R ajoutwith E milyagain ?
Well, I 've been out every night this month Yeah, everynightforthelastm onth.
Can 't believe he has a girlfriend Wow , can  ' tbelievehasagirlfri end .
I can 't think of M eneither either.
I 'm going to give some Jerry 's stories here. Here  ' ssomeotherfunnewsonth e R aj / E milyfront .
He gave her a pair of diamond earrings and rented her a car H egaveherapairofdiamon dearringsandleasedher acar .
True and False You  ' rekidding .
Do you think she is taking advantage of him Youthinkshe  ' stakingadvantageofhim ? Of course not Oh , ofcoursenot .
She wouldn 't do this kind of thing S hewouldn 'tdosomethinglikethat.
She is deaf S he  ' sdeaf .


Wouldn 't a deaf woman be a gold digger ND eafwomencan  ' tbegolddiggers ? People with disabilities are very good Leonard H andicappedpeopleareni ce , L eonard .
Earth people know E veryoneknowsthat .
I know something about Raj Yeah, I actually have information on about Raj
Maybe it would be helpful for your discussion that would be helpful with this discussion.
Can you tell us C ouldoutellus ?
Two o 'clock sorry Snakeeyes.
S o r r y ,   b u d .
Wait a minute Wait , hangon .
Double toss again Doubles . R ollagain .


Okay listen O kay , getthis .
It doesn 't matter how many gifts he buys her I tdoesn  ' tmatterifhe  ' sshoweringherwithgift s ,
Because the K oothrappalisarevastly wealthy . What do you mean when you say the K oothrappalisarevastly wealthy ? Whatdoyoumean ' V astlywealthy ' ?
To be rich means to have a lot of money Well , ' Wealthy ' Meansalotofmoney .
Plus a super is a lot of money ' V astly ' Meansevenmore .
What 's wrong with this I  ' mnotsurewhat  ' strippingyouup .
Listen I know they have money but not that much Look , I know they havemoney .
I   d o n ' t   t h i n k   i t ' s   t h a t   m u c h .
No you are wrong No , you  ' rewrong .
A few years ago I achieved one of those little dreams A syouknow , afewyearsago , I achievedoneof
made a notary mylesserdreamsandbeca meanotarypublic. Now and then Well, fromtimetotime,
I want to notarize the account records for Raj I notarizebanking documents for Raj .
The Kusapali family is not only rich but super super rich
How rich is that Well, sohowmuchisthat?
The former is Batman super rich and the latter is 'A Christmas Carol'. The protagonist is super rich and super stingy, almost between Bruce Wayne and Scrooge.
What the hell?
Last time we went to the zooT helasttimewewenttothe zoo ,
That son of a bitch also asked me to buy him churros thatsonofabitchmademe buyhimachurro .
Listen guys sorry I don 't want to be so rude Li isten , guys , I  ' msorry , I don  ' tmeantoberude ,
But I have to call Raj 's sister the one I love so much but I needtogocall Raj  ' ssister , who I lovesomuch . The one I love so much S ovastlymuch .
Well he was rich and bought a lot of gifts . . . and the car O kay , sohe  ' sgotmoney , andit  ' safewgiftsandacar .
She also made him pay all her credit card bills A ndshegothimtopayoffal lhercreditcards . Why did he pay her credit card bills What ? He paidoffhercreditcards ?

Damn , I could  ' vedated Rajforacouplemonths .
Well I won 't be like this I 'm not that kind of person B ut I - I wouldn 't have , because I  ' mnotthatkindofgirl .
We have to talk to Raj We shouldreally talk to Raj .
He couldn 't listen, he fell in love. He  ' snotgoingtolisten , he  ' sinlove .
Don 't know what to do? Can  ' tfigureoutwhattodo ?
I have had these days too I remember those days .
And now please forgive me for having to . . .
N ow , ifyou  ' llexcuseme , I haveto . . . stay on this stayrighthere .
This idea sucks Yeah, thisisabadidea.
- let 's go - no - We eshouldgo . - No o . It was I  'mtheonethat introduced himtoher to Raj.
I gotta say something I 'vegottosaysomething.


You and my friend are engaged You  ' reengagedtomyfriend .
Bernadette doesn 't mind where I get horny Hey, Bernadettedoesn 'tmindwhere I getmymotorrunning,
Aslongas I parkintherightgarage . You are actually engaged to my friend I can  ' tbelieveyou  ' reengagedtomyfriend .
She came Oh, hereshecomes.
So smart to whisper so that the deaf girl can 't hear Smart .
W h i s p e r   s o   t h e   d e a f   c h i c k   c a n ' t   h e a r   y o u .

Nice to meet you N icetoseeyou .
Can I talk to you about Raj U m , canwetalktoyouabout Raj ?
She said of course what happened to him S hesays, 'Sure, whatabouthim'
Okay what should I say Okay , um , gosh , howdo I start ?
That Raj is actually quite naive U m , see , Rajiskindofnaive .
I mean he hasn 't dated women much I mean , hehasn  ' tdatedawholelotofwomen .
And I 'm just a little worried about nothing else
Would you possibly be using him youmightbetakingadvan tageofhim . For example, let him buy you a lot of luxury goods Youknow , bylettinghimbuyyouabu nchofexpensivethings .
And I . . . A nd I - I . . . Howard, focus.

- Tell her what I said - OK - T ellherwhat I  ' msaying . - R ight .
Are you a gold digger looking for someone to take advantage of? A reyouagolddiggerornot ?

The rude words are omitted here [something = fucking ] O h , uh , something , something ,
Who the fuck do you think you are whothesomethingdoyout hinkyouare ? My business is your business M indyourownsomethingbu siness
Get off your sister 's andgosomethingyoursel f . Well I finally understand Wait , I gotthisnow .



I 'm so mad at you I 'msomadatyou!
ok wait O kay , wait . . .
How dare you sneak up on my girlfriend Howdareyouambushmygirl friendatthegym at the gym!
We are not trying to sneak up on her We edidn  ' t meanforittobeanambus h .
It 's just impossible to attack the deaf without sneak attack Just , it  ' skindofimpossiblenott osneakupondeafpeople .
When were you so talkative An ndhey , sincewhenareyousochat ty ?
I 'm drunk I 'mhammered. Raj comes in and speaks Raj, comehere.
She is a big trouble T hisgirlistrouble .
I mean , whatkindofrelationshi pisit
You give her a gift and she reciprocates with sex whereyoubuyhergiftsan dshegivesyousex ? That 's the best gift I 've ever received Thebestone I everhad !
Okay please O kay , comeon .
You know you have better options Youknowyoucandobetter .

I know what 's going on I seewhat 'sgoingonhere.
You and I hadourcrazynight to get her ,
Now you can 't stand me with another woman andnowyoucan 'tstandtoseemewithanot herwoman.I t 'sokay.
I won 't be mad at you because you 're jealous I can ' tgetmadatyourfeelings.
I 'm not jealous. I don  ' thavefeelings .
Yeah good Yeah , that  ' sgood .
Keep fooling yourself Keepellingyourselftha t .
He 's been cuter since knowing he was rich. Heiscuternowthat I knowhe  ' srich .
I have a surprise for you I haveasurpriseforyou . Cover your eyes C overyoureyes .

Put your hands down Openthem .
It 's natural ruby ​​I t 'sarealruby. A little expensive I twasalittleexpensive,
But true love is priceless butnoonecanputapriceo nlove.Although Cartier makes true love so expensiveA lthough, the peopleat Cartiertookaprettygood shotatit. Cartier: famous luxury jewelry brand


Mom and Dad Oh , Mummy , Daddy .
What a surprise Whatanicesurprise .
It is not unexpected joy but unexpected anger No , it  ' snotanicesurprise , it  ' sabadsurprise .
Penny called us P ennycalledus .
Penny Penny ?
She told us you take our money S hetoldusyou ' respendingallourmoney
All squandered on the new girlfriend onyournewgirlfriend .
I only gave her a few things I justgotheracoupleofth ings .
She also has a gift in return. Shegivesmethings , too . Yes I am a gynecologistY eah , yeah , I  ' magynecologist .
I know exactly what she gave you in return. I knowexactlywhatshegiv esyou.
You have to find a good Indian girl Youneedtofindanice Indiangirlfromagoodfam ily .
You won 't get our money if you keep talking to her I fyoukeepseeing thiswom an , you  ' recutoff .
What did you make me in the woman I love What ? You  ' regoingtomakemechoose betweenthewoman I love
and the money I . . . have very strong feeling sfor ? You decide for yourself I t  ' suptoyou .

Well I choose love Well , I choose love .
You fool You  ' reanidiot .
Love is like a flash in the pan. Lovedoesn  ' tlast .

Well he 'll find out eventually, he 'sgoingtofindouteventually. Think about it. Thinkaboutit.

My parents asked me to choose between money and you M yparentsaremakingmech oosebetweenmoneyandyo u . I chose you I chooseyou .

No , the car has to be returned to No , I thinkwe  ' llhavetoreturn thecar . The necklace has to be returned A ndthatnecklace , yeah , that , too .
But those are not important Butnoneofthosethingsma tter ,
Because we have better because we have somethin gbetter . We have love We havelove .

Penny my heart is broken Oh , P enny , I hurtsobad . I know I know I know , I know .
Sometimes I put the TV onmuteS ometimes I put the TV onmute
Just to pretend she 's still with me justtopretendshe  ' sstillwithme .
But I couldn 't help crying when I saw the closed captions B ut I can  ' twatch the closedcaptio ningwithoutcrying .
I 'm so sorry for you Oh, I 'msosorry. I wish I could make you feel better. I wish I could make youfeelbette r.
Who is Seriously?
I 'm heartbroken you still seduce me I  ' mheartbrokenandyou  ' rehittingonme ?
What 's not what? ! No !
Penny, you are a good person [famous good person card] L ook , P enny , you  ' regreat ,
But I had a long talk with my parents but I hadalongtalkwithmypar ents , they said as long as I date an Indian girl and theysaidif I datean I ndiangirl , send me a Maserati I geta Maserati .
Wow cheesecake Oh , cheesecake ,
You are as delicious as a woman you  ' rejustasgoodasawoman ,
Even though I can 't sleep with you eventhough I can ' thavesexwithyou.
Put it in the microwave for a few seconds and try again [then poke in again] T rythrowingitinthemicr owaveforafewseconds .

Should I go to the toilet now or should I wait until I get home?
Baby daddy needs to empty his bladder C omeon , papaneedstovoidhisbladder .
Oh , that  ' snotwhatyouwanttoseea fterthreebuttermilks .
The bills are coming, Hereyougo, boys. I 'll come back when the money is ready. I 'llpickitupwhenyou 'reready.
Thank you for the treat brother T hanksfordinner , buddy .
Yeah you are so generous Yeah, realbigofyou.
hurry hurry hurry hurry hurry hurry hurry hurry hurry hurry hurry hurry hurry hurry hurry hurry hurry hurry hurry hurry hurry hurry hurry hurry hurry hurry hurry hurry hurry hurry hurry hurry
Tipping is not allowed to be less than O h , anddon  ' tcheapoutonthetip .
We all know you 're rich boy We eallknow you  ' reloaded now .


