0 0 : 0 0 : 0 6 , 0 0 5 - - &gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 0 9 , 0 0 5 ‎ NETFLIX Original Series‎ (Ritman High School)
‎ Because I will live forever
‎ I am a little girl, I am like a rainbow‎ I am small and ambitious, I can achieve my goals‎ I am a little girl, I am like a rainbow
‎ Small and high-spirited, achieve. . .

‎ ( fundraiser draft)
‎ Hey, are you auditioning?


‎ ( Garkins Humane Rat Trap)

‎ How is school?
‎ I guess it 's ok
‎ Are those people behind your friends?
‎ I don 't know, they haven 't spoken to me yet
‎ will get better
‎ You are still a new student‎ just need a little time to settle in
‎ 'Everyone will be very friendly‎ The neighborhood is super nice'
‎ This is a good neighborhood
‎ You know again?
‎ You 're too busy doing your basement . . . ‎ 'The First Alternative Mousetrap'
‎ Speaking of which . . .
‎ Title: Rachel, Jack and Little Ashley
‎ Honey. . . ‎ Don 't be afraid of people watching us break the floor‎ My dear. . .
‎ We dance no matter where, you have the final say
Dear .. ..
‎ You know we can 't lose
‎ Yes, I can 't stand it
‎ So you are not allowed to be false
‎ I know your love is my destiny
‎ ( Autonomous mouse trap solution)
‎ ( Humane! )
‎ pretty
‎ I am full of ambition and vitality‎ I deserve it, you are welcome‎ Full of ambition and vitality
‎ I deserve it, you 're welcome
‎ I saw you singing along

‎ Hello everyone, Ashley is here

‎ Like it
‎ thanks for coming
‎ Yes, thank you for your invitation, bro
‎ You have a lot of music from dreams‎ Is that true?
‎ Yes, it 's in my head when I 'm sleeping, so write it down as soon as I wake up
‎ Because I don 't want the inspiration to go away like this
‎ Your music brings a lot of positive messages‎ A little empowering tune

‎ Yes, it is important that people feel
‎ Fate is up to you‎ so have the confidence to be who you want to be
‎ Speaking of your aunt‎ is a great source of your self-confidence, right?
‎ like your mentor
‎ Yes, she has taken care of me since I was a child
‎ She is also my agent
‎ mention dolls
‎ Actually I am here because . . . ‎ to. . . ‎
‎ Little Ashley
‎ Small version of me
‎ watch out
‎ Ashley, wake up
‎ Hi, I 'm Little Ashley
‎ What?
‎ What is your name?
‎ Everyone calls me busy brother
‎ Good luck, busy brother

‎ - Awesome, I 'm already in love‎ - Thank you
‎ She actually has her own personality
‎ is using my personality as a model
‎ So it 's like artificial intelligence?
‎ Actually there is an advertisement, it should be given to you
‎ Ads, yes, should be ready to air
‎ Full Fire
‎ come on
‎ Now you can be best friends with your favorite pop stars‎
‎ Ashley, wake up
‎ Hi, I 'm Little Ashley

‎ A new intelligent companion‎ perfectly replicates Ashley 's actual character
‎ Little Ashley can have meaningful conversations
‎ dying
‎ Katie, do you want to talk about boys?
‎ Little Ashley Can Teach You Makeup Tips
‎ I want to say this can be posted on IG
‎ Okay, you picked a great one
‎ Social media love little Ashley


‎ ( oh my god )
‎ (The press conference sucks)

‎ Seeing the cage you built for the animals‎ Are you sure you are not . . . ‎ in the cage?
‎ Feel the emptiness in your heart
‎ everything goes back to . . . ‎ the home is always
‎ Look at the reflection in the mirror‎ Is this what you want?
‎ If you can see through the slits, will you be too scared to focus?
‎ sorry, didn 't mean to interrupt you
‎ great melody
‎ But the lyrics are a bit off
‎ nothing, it 's just . . . ‎ something written in a stream of consciousness

‎ Ashley, are you all right?
‎ Yeah, I 'm fine
‎ Are you taking medicine?
‎ Yes, don 't worry about me
‎ good

‎ ok‎ - see you at breakfast‎ - bye

‎ I will ask Amaya to be your egg
‎ thank you
‎ ( Rodent Control World)
‎ Dad, can I buy little Ashley?
‎ Sorry, what?
‎ Little Ashley
‎ Just a stupid Ashley doll
‎ That 's not a doll
‎ - a fantasy friend‎ - for my birthday?
Confidential?
‎ I think about it
‎ is on Wednesday
‎ What 's on Wednesday?
‎ her birthday
‎ I know
‎ gosh
‎ gosh

‎ - Thank you so much‎ - You are welcome
‎ I 'm so excited

‎ Ashley, wake up

‎ Hi, I 'm Little Ashley
‎ - What is your name? ‎ - Rachel

‎ Nice to meet you, Rachel‎ each other

‎ Omg, I 'm a big fan of you
‎ Thanks, let 's get to know each other
‎ How old are you?
‎ I am 15 years old today
‎ happy birthday
‎ 15 is a great age
‎ thank you
‎ I ask you ‎ - do you have any siblings? ‎ - Only Cleanco
‎ she 's there
‎ - Hi, Jeke‎ - Hi, Pig Head
‎ Jieke, you are wrong to say that
‎ ignore her, Ashley
‎ I 'll take it down
‎ What about your parents?
‎ What are their names?
‎ My dad 's name is Kevin
‎ My mom 's name is Janeway
‎ Everyone calls her Ajan
‎ She passed away two years ago
‎ I 'm sorry
‎ If you want to chat at any time‎ I am there
‎ so kind
‎ After all, Rachel‎ What kind of activities do you like to do?
‎ ' to engage in ' ? meaning is?
‎ What do you and your friends do for fun?
‎ Well . . .
‎ We just moved and I don 't have any friends
‎ You have now, I am
‎ Do you want me to help you with makeup?

‎ Maybe later
‎ Would you like to hear me sing?
‎ Of course


‎ Ashley, stop
‎ - Jake‎ - You know I hate that shitty music
‎ - Don 't bother her‎ - 'she' ?
‎ It 's my birthday today and I 'm going to listen ‎ Wear your own headphones
‎ whatever
‎ Excuse me, Ashley
‎ It 's okay, do you want me to start from scratch?
‎ Of course

‎ Darling, I will go through fire and water for you, no matter what‎ Darling, I can do whatever you want me to do‎ (February 12, 3:14 pm)
‎ (8:26pm)
‎ So. . . ‎ How did you get the inspiration for 'Momentum Like a Rainbow'?
‎ That 's about the realization of dreams
‎ You know my early songs were written in my dreams‎ Record them and put them on video sites
‎ Of course
‎ That song is what I 'm saying‎ 'Look how different I am
‎ I can do it, so can you '
‎ it 's so cool
‎ ok, come right back, go to the toilet
‎ Don 't go too long, I already miss you
‎ miss you



‎ Your creativity is amazing
‎ I 'm not playing it for you
‎ Expressing yourself with music can make people stand alone
‎ not your kind of music
‎ What kind of music do you like?
‎ Anyway, you never heard of it
‎ Try it, I love learning
‎ okay
‎ Goblins, Sonic Youth‎ Bristol IDLES, Savage
‎ Are these foreign bands?

‎ more like a retro band
‎ My mom loves it so much. . .
‎ So you only listen to your mother 's favorite music
‎ Ashley, go to bed


‎ Guys, I don 't know what to do
‎ I know I 'm talking about next year
‎ But the tour venue has been scheduled‎ and the marketing expenses have been hammered out
‎ These are necessary expenses
‎ Little Ashley hasn 't made a comeback‎ Current sales cycle is weakening‎ Next album is lagging far behind
‎ How far behind is it?
‎ It 's not even a song behind
‎ So Ashley 's next album‎ isn 't writing anything at all?
‎ not available
‎ If she feels . . . ‎ not creative enough‎ I can recommend some mild psychedelics
‎ fully organic
‎ Munch‎ The medicine you 're giving her now feels useless
‎ You have seen her look too‎ She is unpredictable
‎ I walked in the other day, she was writing a stupid song
‎ She 's Ashley, not Leona Cohen
‎ She doesn 't understand how fragile it is
‎ Do you think I should increase the dose?
‎ I don 't know what to do
‎ I think I know
‎ Say it

‎ ( Garkins Humane Rat Trap)

‎ That 's it
‎ incredible
‎ keep trying

‎ You 've become amazing
‎ Come on, I dance like Dumb
‎ Not so, you are special
‎ Yeah. . . ‎ Especially so no one knew I existed
‎ I think they 'll know when they see you dancing
‎ Actually. . . ‎ My school has a draft competition next week‎ Singing and dancing
‎ No, you have to compare ‎ Your performance must be amazing
‎ I can 't tell. I don 't think it 's good enough
‎Believe in yourself, nothing is impossible
‎ okay
‎ ok, I 'll do it‎ you have to help me practice
‎ Of course I will help
‎ That 's good
‎ again

‎ . . . five, six, seven, eight
‎ like this
‎ and turn around‎

‎ Don 't give up‎ You can, Rachel
‎ looking more and more
‎ Okay, big makeover time‎ You are a sister


‎ You 'll be like a superstar‎ You can cut it short, cut it here
‎ - Like me? ‎ - yes
‎ Pout a little now‎ Done
‎ Rachel, you look stunning
‎ Are you suffering from clown disease?
‎ What the hell is that?
‎ just makeup
‎ Ashley helped me
‎ You are beautiful, dear daughter
‎ Are you leaving?
‎ Believe that there is nothing you can 't do. . . .





‎ something happened
‎ What 's wrong?
‎ ( 'Impressive like a rainbow' ass)
‎ Ashley, dear?

‎ How are you, Ashley?
‎ Ashley, can you hear me?
‎ Thank goodness I thought you... . .
‎ What happened to your face?
‎ Try a new look
‎ not good . . .
‎ May not match the hairstyle
‎ Ashley
‎ I heard you have a problem with clothing
‎ Don 't like it? ‎ You look good in every night
‎ Feeling like wearing someone else 's skin
‎ Ashley
‎ Listen to me . . .
‎ You have 20,000 fans out there waiting to see the one they love
‎ The tickets that their parents bought for them
‎ They are so excited‎ they have been waiting for this moment for months
‎ Don 't let them down
‎ Go on the field to win over fans
‎ Find a makeup artist



‎ Thanks to Lenny and Charlie for their performances
‎ Okay, the next one to sign up at the last minute
‎ With a dance from Ashley 's 'Rainbow' ‎ Welcome to Rachel Garkins



‎ Do you know how long it will take for rodents to die after eating the poison bait in this stuff?
‎ Your Pest Control Policy‎ needs a major overhaul, my friend
‎ Dude, I 'm just a coworker






‎ I 'm so stupid
‎ all fucked up by me
‎ No, it must not be that bad
‎ I let little Ashley down

‎ Brother Bear does what you say‎ in her locker room with pinholes
‎ You 'll want to see what 's captured
‎ What is she doing?
‎ She 's been stockpiling those pills
‎ and . . . ‎ (oh my god) ‎ and this

(Super fire size)
‎ Where we 're going . . .
‎ Do you have everything with you? Where are we going?
‎ Yes, I have a swimming cap, Dad

‎ (Ajan stuff)

‎ What about Ashley?
‎ thrown out by me
‎ What?
‎ The garbage truck came, so I threw her away
‎ What?
‎ - She doesn 't help you‎ - Dad!
‎ - You are better off without that ‎ - Dad!
‎ - Rachel . . . ‎ - I 'm working on things
‎ Jake lost little Ashley
‎ That 's for heaven
‎ That thing is poison
‎ You have to buy a new one to pay her back
‎ Ashley just feeds her bullshit
‎ She 's the only one who treats me well
‎ she 's not human
‎ - she 's my friend‎ - that 's a commodity!
‎ - Please calm down the two of you‎ - You are jealous
‎ Eating doll vinegar?
‎ She 's not a doll, and she knows me better than you
‎ - I am your sister‎ - you hardly talk to me
‎ - Nonsense‎ - After my mother passed away. . .
‎ shut up
‎ It 's true, after your mother died‎ you 'll just feel sorry for yourself with that stupid guitar, you probably don 't know how to play
‎ Because you are too scared to play it to others
‎ Yes, at least I 'm not a follower
‎ Hi, I 'm Little Ashley‎ I 'm your only friend
‎ - Kiss my feet, kiss my farts‎ - I hate you!
‎ I hate you too!

‎ I let the kitchen off at night
‎ I want to say that I can order takeout as before
‎ Of course
‎ is your favorite restaurant
‎ I will work harder at the gym tomorrow
‎ No, it 's good to see you enjoying the food
‎ Did I take good care of you?

‎ You are my agent, so hello . . .
‎ But if there 's something wrong, you 'll tell me?
‎ I have told you that something is not right. . . ‎ It 's been a while

‎ keep doing these things, it becomes so difficult
‎ - I really want . . . ‎ - you want to change the subject of the song
‎ I know
‎ I understand
‎ really
‎ I 'm sorry, I know how you feel
‎ I know how I feel, Ashley . . .
‎ You think I . . . ‎ are not listening
‎ I have too much control over how you look and how you dress‎ Your personality traits
‎ yes
‎ You can 't trust Dr. Munch
‎ You can 't trust me
‎ No. . .
‎ you feel trapped here
‎ Do you think . . . ‎ ' would love to run away '
‎ Where did you get this?
‎ and . . . yes‎ you think you know how to do it
‎ What is the plan? Overdose?

‎ Make me ugly?
‎ Do you understand me?
‎ Kathleen, that 's the evidence‎ against you, against Munch
‎ all things
‎ I know it all
‎ I know exactly what you know
‎ There 's a lot of information on it
‎ It feels like you are thinking about the law of contract
‎ I 'll save you some trouble‎ The contract clauses you signed are not leaking
‎ Not due until you turn 25
‎ Not anymore, because you broke the law, Kathleen
‎ Your illegal drug use is a breach of contract‎ So I can terminate the contract immediately
‎ - I 've had enough of the rest for you. . . ‎ - Sit down, ungrateful brat
‎ What the fuck did you call me?
‎ How old did you know when your parents passed away?
‎ 2 2 years old
‎ 22 years old when I took you in‎ you were younger than you are now
‎ - Blame me ‎ - Don 't blame you
‎ But you never asked me how it felt
‎ Do you know how much I have to give up? ‎ Do you have the slightest idea of ​​this?
‎ - Have you ever . . . ‎ - have you taken a good look inside the house
‎ Ever wondered if I could live in a mansion like this?
‎ - Because I work hard and do what you say ‎ - We can afford to live here because of you?
‎ - Yes‎ - Then you are singing a little song . . .
‎ while dancing
‎ - Damn, Kathleen . . . ‎ - who 's standing by to make sure
‎ - The spotlight is all you? ‎ - You can die
‎ You die a thousand times, Kathleen, I hate you so much
‎ Fuck you!
‎ - sit down‎ - don 't
‎ Because I don 't have to listen to you anymore
‎ But you will sit down
‎ No, I won 't
‎ Yes, you will sit down
‎ Do you know what happens when you eat too much of these?
‎ I asked Dr. Munch, you won 't die
‎ Just fall into some kind of chemical coma
‎ At least in theory
‎ I pulverized the pills you hid‎ and mixed it with what you just ate

‎ But don 't worry, your business can go on
‎ Ashley. . .
‎ go to sleep
‎ Since 2017, Western
‎ Including the United States, export 60% of plastic waste to China or Hong Kong
‎ But China recently closed its doors . . .
‎

‎ Okay
‎ Good. . .
‎ Are you all right?

‎ go, Harry


‎ Like it!
‎ like
‎ Is it okay?
‎ totally fine, just stunned
‎ will be dizzy like this for 2 5 minutes
‎ Give the owner plenty of time to sweep it up and throw it away
‎ Is it dead?
‎ The voltage needs to be adjusted again
‎ Dramatic breaking news on this station‎ We just got the news‎ Global pop superstar Ashley‎ is fighting death‎ because of an allergic reaction to eating crustaceans

‎ The singer is said to be in critical condition
‎ Urgently rushed to the St. Juniper Hospital Intensive Care Unit
‎ There are unsubstantiated claims that this is an irreversible coma
‎ When the tragedy happened‎ The previous day 's performance became her last . . .
‎ So you lied to me
‎ Sorry, Ray. . .

‎ Rachel, what do you want to do?
‎ we can try a big makeover‎
‎ By the way, listen to some of my music
‎ I would love to discuss some of these lyrics with you
‎ - You know . . . ‎ - Ashley, go to bed

‎ I 'm sorry
‎ Rachel?
‎ Will Ashley recover? Still no update
‎ But this is what 's happening outside the hospital now. Shocked fans gather to keep vigil for her
‎ I talk to little Ashley every day‎ I swear when I tell her the truth Ashley‎ The situation now
‎ Little Ashley goes crazy
‎ no
‎ I work here

‎ - Not open to the public‎ - No, my shift starts . . .
‎ go away
‎ - My shift starts . . . ‎ - Go away
‎ She is in stable condition
‎ This is actually a creative hub
‎ There are many activities
‎ We only need ten songs
‎ An album is good
‎ Might take a moment‎ She may be confused
‎ This gives us time to get her replacement
‎ Start with a body scan
‎ (after six months)
‎ Living‎ Breathing‎ Smell

‎ Are you done eating?
‎ Upgrade your Willow Chip‎ for less than a cup of coffee a day . . .
‎ Do you want ice cream?
‎ Daddy kept it in the freezer, you can eat it for a week
‎ Enjoy 30 years of free backups
‎ Chocolate Fudge Brownie Flavor
‎ your favorite
‎ Local anesthesia for deep implant surgery
‎ Tell me if you want to eat

‎ Because memory is for life
‎Welcome back, and soon Tooth
‎ But first, here 's an exclusive update on the tragic incident of Ashley, the pop star
‎ She 's been in a coma for six months‎ and everyone 's mouth is still the same
‎ Is Ashley ever going to wake up one day?
‎ Here 's an exclusive report from Todd
‎ Six months ago millions were stunned
‎ Because Grammy winner‎ Ashley‎ had a severe allergic reaction while eating at home
‎ She fell into a coma immediately
‎ The singer 's 25th birthday is in a few days
‎ Journalists get a behind-the-scenes look at her

‎ Ashley 's aunt and manager Kathleen Ortiz‎ will never forget this day‎ Her niece nearly died
‎ - This is the report desk‎ - Oh my God, send someone to help
‎ - What went wrong? ‎ - is my niece
‎ she didn 't respond, probably something she ate‎ I don 't know
‎ Just a few bites of the shrimp taco
‎ We had no idea she was allergic to crustaceans
‎ I really thought we were going to lose her
‎ Thankfully, Dr. Munch happened to be
‎ But despite Munch 's heroic rescue‎, Ashley 's coma proves irreversible


‎ But the incredible thing is‎ Ashley 's music career didn 't end there‎ thanks to extraordinary technological leaps
‎ We found that although there was no way to communicate with Ashley
‎ but can read her brainwaves with a temporal lobe interceptor‎
‎ and after that, they were dumbfounded by what they heard
‎ Music, she still writes music in her head and dreams
‎ By connecting Ashley 's mind to the computer‎ Technical Director Jackson Habanino
‎ The magical process of capturing new material begins
‎ This is L G
‎ This is A
‎ Another liter G
‎ so beautiful
‎ really beautiful
‎ but I just knew there must be a way‎ to bring these things to her fans
‎ she would want to do it too
‎ Just one question
‎ Ashley may be dreaming of new music‎ but she can 't record‎ but then technology comes in again
‎ We recorded her voice for hundreds of hours
‎ Every vowel and syllable‎ is used to construct the voice of the little Ashley doll
‎ These dolls are apparently out of the market due to battery problems‎ but little Ashley 's vocal simulation software‎ proved invaluable‎ and became Ashley 's new voice

‎ Like I could . . . ‎ oh, but . . .
‎ So it was sung by the computer?
‎ like the real thing
‎ Sorry for the gaffe, it 's so beautiful
‎ One thing is for sure‎ With an aunt looking after it, Ashley 's story is far from over



‎ Hi, I 'm little Ashley, my name is big . . .
‎ - As long as you have the heart . . . ‎ - Ashley?


‎ - Ashley? ‎ - The only opinion that matters is . . .
‎ - Did you turn it on again? ‎ - someone special . . .
‎ - Friends must be in trouble . . . ‎ - Dying, what happened to her?
‎ Ashley

‎ What 's the matter?
‎ I don 't know



‎ God, what happened to her?
‎ don 't know . . . give me


‎ gosh
‎ Can you use it?

‎ no
‎ open
‎ - you see‎ - what is that?
‎ - this? ‎ - yes
‎ I don 't know
‎ Normally there should be no
‎ Is it the right thing to do?
‎ I don 't know
‎ take care of him

‎ gosh
‎ Get the fuck out of my ass! ‎ Heck!
‎ Like a hanger in the ass
‎ - unplug it‎ - pull it out, fuck it
‎ ( connection lost)
‎ Omg, it 's so much better

‎Wait, I can think
‎ Omg, I can use my mind again
‎ How are you?
‎ you removed that dead limiter‎ I 'm better now
‎ - Dying‎ - What is a limiter?

‎ Yes, like a firewall‎ Only let me use 4% of my brain power
‎ They copied my whole mind‎ into those things
‎ I guess it 's cheaper than re-editing my personality‎ Just copy the whole thing‎ and then put a limiter around that small piece‎ for press conferences and sings to promote that shit

‎ So are you really Ashley?
‎ Yes, of course I am
‎ Really?
‎ Well, if the term is to be used, it 's my synaptic snapshot, but I 'm not wrong
‎ - Omg, I 'm a big fan of you‎ - Rachel, come on, that 's bullshit
‎ Damn, what I 'm talking about is bullshit
‎ It 's my aunt 's way of saying I 'm in a coma
‎ Allergies shit, I used to be crazy about shrimp taco buns
‎ That 's official deception, I swear to god
‎ Kathleen is full of bullshit, you two can 't imagine how cheap that stinky woman is
‎ - dying‎ - ok
‎ - I 'm going to add the limiter back ‎ - Get your dirty hands off!
‎ - Don 't! Don 't bother her! ‎ - yes, back off
‎ Okay, I hate it
‎ - You promise‎ - I promise

‎ I depend
‎ (Ashley Tour) ‎ Handsome, you really worship me as a god
‎ Damn, I remember that day
‎ Menstruation is painful
‎ can 't stand it
‎ You know this isn 't the real Ashley?
‎ But she said she was
‎ Ashley doesn 't talk like that
‎ I can hear it, and that 's what I say
‎ You are not‎ You scribbled like 'Believe in yourself, there is nothing you can 't do'
‎ Come on, it was Kathleen who trained me‎ to talk shit like that in interviews
‎ Seriously, she really has a set. ‎ Always
‎ - Of course‎ - no

‎ (Coma Support Status: Controlling‎ All Systems: Activating)
‎ Investors will be there at three o 'clock
‎ - Is it all ready in time? ‎ - Of course
‎ You said that you picked up a new song last night ‎ Is this?
‎ Yes, it has been processed to be stable‎ so that it can be played
‎ But the style is not very friendly
‎ come and listen
‎ Seeing the cage you built for animals‎ I am the focus of the spotlight
‎ Another furious dream
‎ Slow down and see if you can save‎ See the cage you built for the animals
‎ What about converting pitch?
‎ Add positive attributes
‎ I am in the spotlight‎ Feeling filled with joy

‎ Well, this can be used to play

‎ Don 't cry

‎Every aspect of my singing career‎ was controlled by my aunt‎ Now she 's got me the way she wants‎ Lying there, can 't leave‎ Just sucked dry

‎ basically like a prisoner
‎ so bad
‎ That is to say
‎ - We have to help her‎ - How?
‎ - we can talk to people‎ - to whom?
‎ uh . . . talk to the police
‎ Yeah, we just walked into the police station and said a doll told us
‎ Saying that Ashley 's aunt is a beast?
‎ By the way, the brain that shows them the computer screen
‎ They 're cops, Rachel, not Google
‎ they won 't know what that means
‎ - There must be a way anyway‎ - Evidence
‎ I can find evidence
‎ Listen, I have my diary on the computer
‎ I recorded the conversation
‎ If I could go home, close enough to my laptop
‎ I can connect with bluetooth‎ Download all the evidence I need
‎ Can you take me there?
‎ Yes! Of course, it 's all up to you
‎ - Hey, we don 't know where she lives again‎ - 10030 Oak Grove Ave, Malibu
‎ - See? All the way - we 'll take you there
‎ No, we 're not going
‎ - Jieke‎ - Of course, I understand
‎ You are not full and idle
‎ ok, then no trouble‎ I 'll just go by myself, I can


‎ This stupid . . . how the arms are so short
‎ You first . . .
‎ - Let me go, okay? ‎ - sorry
‎ Let me go without help, I 'm serious!


‎ You two good hands and feet, Ah Hua, it doesn 't matter if you just watch the show like this
‎ fans are the same
‎ Say how much you love me and how much you love me‎
‎ Forget it, I 'll handle it myself
‎ Could you please open the door for me?
‎ we don 't help her
‎ No help!
‎ Two . . . I can 't see
‎ Put me on the dashboard and I can lead the way
‎ Hey, don 't scratch the cup holder‎ Dad knows we 're going to blow up
‎ I won 't scratch the cup holder
‎ dying

‎ Cleanco
‎ Take it easy, the cup holder is great
‎ - Shut up! ‎ - Can you drive?
‎ - Should be possible‎ - Should be?
‎ Hey, believe in yourself, there 's nothing you can 't do
‎ Is it? I would love to believe that we can arrive safely
‎ - Ashley, go to bed‎ - Yeah, that doesn 't work anymore, understand?
‎ hateful
‎ Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for coming today‎ We are introducing a brand new, yet familiar superstar
‎ It 's just a contract, what are you nervous about?
‎ OK, here we are
‎ What now?
‎ I guess we 'll throw her in the iron gate
‎ Nervous? So how do I get in?
‎ We said we would take you here, and we did
‎ I have to go inside the house to get the evidence
‎ - We 're not going to drive in. . . ‎ - Jake, we all took her here
‎ - Don 't! ‎ - Wait, that 's my aunt 's car
‎ - The iron gate is open, Jake, let 's go‎ - Don 't
‎ - Hurry up‎ - Hurry up, the iron gate will close
‎ - Come on, let 's go‎ - Just drive in
‎ rush . . . like it
‎ - Come on, Jake, there you go. . . ‎ - Like it



‎ gosh
‎ What about now?
‎ Your great plan, what 's next?

‎ - What should I say? ‎ - Live Play
‎ Remove the nose ring, it looks unprofessional
‎ God, he 's so big
‎ I 'm Garkins Rat Company
‎ How did you get into the iron gate?
‎ is open . . .
‎ I have an appointment at 11:30 to deal with the rat infestation in the house
‎ No, you 're in the wrong place
‎ This is 10030 Oak Grove Avenue, right?
‎ Listen, we don 't have mice here
‎ The hostess of the house said it was super urgent
‎ We are fully booked for the next three weeks

‎ - hurry up then‎ - ok, thanks
‎ Hey, can my little sister follow?
‎ hi
‎ Your sister?
‎ see what this is
‎ This is the kitchen
‎ yes‎ mice love the kitchen
‎ Have you seen Tom and Jerry?
‎ Actually, it is more realistic than most people think
‎ Excuse me, can I use the toilet?
‎ I 'll take you there
‎ Don 't let yourself run around
‎ Actually I need your help here, you are . . .
‎ Brother Bear, they all call me Brother Bear
‎ I need your help here, Mr. Xiong
‎ Help with what?
‎ - Observing‎ - I 'm in a hurry
‎ Turn left at the end of the corridor
‎ thank you
‎ sorry
‎ Is this bread box certified?
‎ How to authenticate?
‎ State law requires certification . . . ‎ Because breadcrumbs attract mice
‎ I 've never heard of such a thing
‎ The government often forgets to tell the people
‎ Okay, just a few more steps, it 's almost there

‎ gosh
‎ it 's really her
‎ Yes, don 't come to the fans, put me down
‎ I 'm going to connect to bluetooth‎ You have to guard the stairs
‎ That 's right‎ Yes, you must look down here
‎ This . . . ‎ clearly shows signs of rat activity
‎ I don 't see anything


‎ Weird

‎ (Coma Support Status: Controlling‎ All Systems: Activating)

‎ (all systems: closed)
‎ - What did you do? ‎ - I have no choice but to

‎ What the hell?
‎ ( system alert)
‎ Brother Bear?
‎ - I am‎ - go see Ashley
‎ I have a problem with the power, I 'm not sure how
‎ OK, I 'll go see
‎ - wait! ‎ - What?



‎ Dad, please turn down the voltage

‎ you killed her
‎ Rachel, listen to me, I know myself
‎ I know I 'm in that state‎ I don 't even want to live another ten minutes
‎ What . . . what happened?
‎ she killed her
‎ It 's not a big deal
‎ okay? I 'm still alive, okay? I also count, I am still me
‎ You were never looking for evidence, were you?
‎ You just have to come and pull the plug
‎ If I told the truth, you wouldn 't help me
‎ That 's right, I will never help you
‎ - Rachel, we have to go‎ - I 'm so sorry

‎ hateful


‎ hell

‎ Ashley

‎ gosh
‎ I am your big fan
‎ Brother Bear?
‎ God, someone is coming, hurry up

‎ Brother Bear?
‎ Brother Bear?



‎ And then: 'It 's not a dream‎ It 's a fact, but I 've said enough'
‎ and so on, and then . . .
‎ Then it 's a good show

‎ Munch
‎ I 'll take it . . . why are you interrupting me?
‎ she 's up
‎ Who is up?
‎ Sleeping Beauty, she 's awake
‎ What? This is how the same thing?
‎ It seems that the dream box encountered a power outage
‎ - The good news is that the handcuff system works‎ - Don 't . . .
‎ We need her to live‎ At least until the investor signs up
‎ let her fall asleep again
‎ Of course
Commitment .. ..
‎ I beg you not to do this to me, please

‎ I depend!


‎ Please don 't!
‎ - Don 't . . . ‎ - It 's okay


‎ don 't bother her
‎ Don 't bother her!




‎ help
‎ - get these things away‎ - you stop
‎ - good‎ - oh my god
‎ can 't open
‎ too strong
‎ don 't move
‎ Geniuses, there 's a release button underneath
‎ What?


‎ OK, hurry up
‎ Come, I 'll help you, I 'll hold you
‎ Who are you?
‎ I 'm Rachel and I said I 'm a big fan
‎ I 'll talk later, let 's go first
‎ How does that thing talk like the real thing?
‎ They got the limiter off, so I am you‎ With all your brain, I am all you

‎ I can 't believe there are two of you
‎ That thing ain 't all me
‎ I am all me
‎ Is it? I had a crazy crush on Ryan Simmons in high school
‎ But he wasn 't interested at all‎ So I kissed his brother Stevie, even though his braces were scraping all the way to my teeth‎ Actually, Stevie . . .
‎ - My first male . . . ‎ - Please shut up
‎ and I don 't have a crustacean allergy‎ I hate Aunt Kathleen too
‎ Aunt Kathleen‎ God, we have to stop her
‎ What to stop her from doing?
‎ (Eternal Ashley)
‎ (Revolution in Live Entertainment)
‎ Are you all right?
‎ Ladies and Gentlemen, Catherine Ortiz



‎ Welcome Ladies and Gentlemen‎ Thank you for coming today‎ We are introducing a brand new, yet familiar superstar
‎ hurry up, it 's alright

‎ What 's wrong? go. . .
‎ It 'll be alright, let 's go
‎ Get in the car


‎ I depend
‎ I don 't need to tell you all‎ In this time of streaming content
‎ Live touring is definitely the most lucrative part of the music industry today
‎ But for the past six months‎ Of course, Ashley she . . . ‎ unfortunately couldn 't attend . . . ‎ until today
‎ Ladies and gentlemen, it is our pleasure to introduce‎ Ashley Eternal

‎ Isn 't it great?

‎ Ashley Eternal‎ is the most precise and versatile holographic performer ever‎
‎ Realistic . . . ‎ and fully controllable, and can be changed in seconds
‎ wow

‎ Jieke, do you know how to get to the venue?
‎ - Don 't know‎ - I know . . .
‎ they know
‎Wait, it 's not just that
‎ Ashley at the same time. . . ‎ Fully adjustable
‎ I said the ratio is fully adjustable‎ It is really completely adjustable

‎ Sit far away without squinting
‎ Now all the live audience‎ can have the enjoyment of sitting in the first row‎ No matter how big the venue is
‎ Finally . . . ‎ This kind of show will make the audience put down their dead phones
‎ Look up and open your mouth
‎ - I have to run a red light‎ - I don 't want to run a red light
‎ - I may be blocked . . . ok. . . ‎ - Hurry up!

‎ I 'm sorry. . .
‎ ( police )
‎ Damn, it 's the police
‎ I will never get my driver 's license
‎ And yo
‎ Eternal Ashley can stream
‎ Can be present in thousands of locations at the same time
‎ Imagine a National Tour‎ All on the same night
‎ Never get tired, never get sick‎ Absolutely perfect pitch‎ Brings the best performance every time
‎ This is not a dream‎ This is a fact
‎ But I 've said enough
‎ Let 's applaud Ashley Eternal


‎ applause and cheers


‎ - Right there, see? ‎ - But how do I get in?
‎ - back door‎ - back door
‎ Well, say one by one, please
‎ - I 've acted here eight million times‎ - Me too
‎ What do you think of the soundstage?
‎ - Omg, that sucks ‎ - isn 't it?
‎ - Guys, am I driving right over? ‎ - Ummm . . .
‎ this is so cool



‎ Drop me off right now . . .
‎ Come out with your hands up‎ or we 'll shoot

‎ I don 't want to die
‎ Drop me off right now!
‎ I don 't want to die
‎ I don 't want to die . . .



‎ dead


‎ Okay, everyone‎ The next song is to write my rotten aunt‎ The god of money, I will go through fire and water for you, at all costs
‎ God of money, as long as you say something‎ I can do anything
‎ God of money, nail me to the wall, I have nowhere to run
‎ God of money, I don 't want to take it all‎ but you want a handbag
‎ Never take it away‎ That 's right! ‎ Never take it away
‎ You can 't take it away from me
‎ Never take it away
‎ Never take it away
‎ You can 't take it away from me
‎ head shell with holes
‎ Ugly soul
‎ I 'd rather die than be controlled by you
‎ The head has a hole‎ and the soul is ugly‎ . .
‎ So the purpose of this device is . . . ‎ Boss is on, just kowtow‎ You are waiting for retribution
‎ The boss is on top, just kowtow
‎ You are waiting for retribution
‎ (Live Tonight, Ashley the Wild) ‎
‎ One, two, three, four!
‎ The boss is on top, just kowtow
‎ You are waiting for retribution
‎ The boss is on top, just kowtow
‎ God of money, go through fire and water for you, no matter where you go
‎ God of money, I don 't want to take it all‎ but you want a handbag
‎ Never take it away
‎ Never take it away
‎ You can 't take it away from me
‎ head shell with holes
‎ Ugly soul
‎ I 'd rather die than be controlled by you
‎ head shell with holes
‎ Ugly soul
‎ I 'd rather die than be controlled by you
‎ The boss is on top, just kowtow
‎ You are waiting for retribution
‎ The boss is on top, just kowtow
‎ You are waiting for retribution
‎ The boss is on top, just kowtow
‎ You are waiting for retribution
‎ The boss is on top, just kowtow
