

 Minister , there 's something in the press you should see .
 - About me ? - I 'm afraid it 's in Private Eye .
 - Private Eye ?
 - Yes ... They 're exposing something .


 Not that character reference I gave for Dr Savundra ?
 - That party at Poulson 's ? - I didn 't know about those .
 No , that 's the thing they make up in that squalid little rag !
 - What is it ? - Perhaps you 'd better read it .

 - Good God ! - Frightful , isn 't it ?

 - May I come in , Minister ? - Listen to this .
 What 's that ?
 Oh , Private Eye ?
 Splendid !
 " The saga of the top secret Guthrie Report ,
 " revealed to the Eye last week , continues to embarrass Ministers .
 " It seems one of the present Cabinet subjected to phone- tapping ,
 " bugging and 24- hour surveillance while in opposition
 " was none other than the egregious Jim Hacker . "
 What 's " egregious " mean ?
 I think it means " outstanding " .
 Oh ... ?
 In one way or another . " ... Jim Hacker , whose department administers 23, 000 other administrators .
 " Ironically , it is egregious Jim 's department that is now responsible
 " for supplying all the government 's computerised bugging equipment .
 " Presumably , this makes him the government 's chief bugger . "
 Wonderful !
 - Is this true ? - Which , Minister ?

 That I was under surveillance and am now responsible for bugging .
 Surely , you don 't believe what you read in that squalid little rag .
 - Never mind . Is it true ? - Don 't take it too seriously .

 Well , I do !
 This says I was under total surveillance .
 An MP and free citizen ! It cuts at the very heart of democracy !
 It contravenes human rights .
 Oh , yes ...
 Surveillance is indispensable in the battle against organised crime .
 You 're not describing politicians as organised crime ?
 Disorganised crime , too , of course !
 Humphrey !
 I once wrote a leader on this as editor of " Reform " and started a nationwide petition against bureaucratic busybodies , bugging and phone- tapping .
 Now I learn from Private Eye , Humphrey , not from you , that I 'm responsible for it , and you never told me .
 You didn 't ask .
 Thank God for a free press and for one open , fearless journal !
 - You said it was a squalid rag .
 - Sharpen up your antennae .
 Learn to adapt more flexibly to a developing situation .
 I see . I 'm sorry .
 Where are the transcripts of these bugged conversations ?
 They were put into a report .
 - Who got these reports ? - The Home Secretary gets them .
 Gets them ?
 Gets them ?
 Not about you , Minister . Not now .
 Now he 'll be getting reports about Her Majesty 's opposition .
 - Who gives them to him ? - Ml5 , presumably .
 - You seem very calm about all this .
 - Yes , Minister .
 I think it 's horrifying , a distinguished citizen - if I may say so , an extremely distinguished British citizen - who 's given his life 's service to his country , finds these faceless bureaucrats have listened to his every word .
 All his phone calls .
 His rows with his wife and daughter .
 His private arrangements with his accountant ! Not that I ... !
 - No , quite so . - Well , why , Humphrey ?

 - Why surveillance or why you ?
 - Both !
 - It 's the same answer .
 - Why split it into two questions ?
 I didn 't want to risk answering a question you weren 't asking .
 I 'm asking you now . Why was I under surveillance ?

 It 's perfectly obvious .
 Do you mind ?
 Before the election , it was rumoured you 'd be appointed Defence Secretary .
 So ?
 If the PM was giving you defence , in the national interest , that Ml5 must be satisfied you weren 't a security risk .
 - My privacy was invaded ! - Better than your country , Minister .
 Have you ever been under surveillance ?
 - Me , Minister ? ! - You .
 I 'm a civil servant !
 So were Burgess and MacLean .
 - Oh , well ... - And Philby !
 They weren 't Permanent Secretaries .
 One becomes a Permanent Secretary after a life of reliability and integrity .
 The rigorous selection procedures winnow out all but the most upright and honourable public servants .
 - And what about Ministers ? - They have many dazzling qualities !
 Including ... ?
 Enviable intellectual suppleness and moral manoeuvrability .
 What are you trying to say ?
 You can 't trust them ! Not you , of course , Minister .
 Ministers , unlike civil servants , are selected at random by prime ministerial whim , in recognition of dubious services rendered , or to avoid appointing someone of real ability .

 Not you , Minister ! You certainly are to be trusted .
 You might almost be a civil servant yourself !
 - Is that a compliment ? - Indeed . The ultimate compliment .


 Would you trust every Cabinet colleague never to betray a confidence ?
 - And all the opposition front bench ? - You must be joking !
 You were in the opposition at the time .
 Be that as it may , I have decided I 'm going to stop it .
 - But this is a Home Office matter . - Nevertheless , I 'll make it harder .
 If I 'm responsible for bugging , I want some democratic safeguards .
 Are you about to suggest that people won 't be put under surveillance until they 've signed a form agreeing to it ?
 No , we 'll have a select committee to vet every application , and no surveillance to last over two weeks without a further application .
 Will you set the wheels in motion , please , Humphrey ?
 Very well , Minister .
 Bernard , send a minute to each Cabinet member .
 I 'll plant a question for a backbencher to ask .
 " Can you assure us no colleagues have ever been under surveillance ? "
 - That should shake him . - It certainly will .
 Ask Walter Fowler of the Express to meet me for a drink .
 - What for , Minister ? - First law of political indiscretion :
 Always have a drink before you leak .
 - Will it make a story ? - Yes .
 " Minister fights for phone- tap safeguard . " Yes !
 - Where will they run it ? - High up on the home news page .
 - Not on page one ?
 - Can I attribute it ?
 - " Minister speaks out " ?
 - No , no , no .
 Then , where did I get the story ?
 I can 't say , " Officially announced . "
 " Government spokesman " ?
 How about , " Sources close to Minister " ?
 Hold on , I don 't want everybody to know I told you !
 Couldn 't you do , " Speculation is growing in Westminster " ?
 A bit weak .
 " Unofficial spokesman " ?
 Used that twice this week already !
 The Cabinet 's leaking like a sieve , isn 't it ?
 Couldn 't we attribute it to a leading member of the sieve ...
 Cabinet ?
 No ...
 How would you like to be " an informed source " ?
 OK . " Informed source . "
 Quite a joke , isn 't it , describing someone as " informed " when his Permanent Secretary is Sir Humphrey Appleby ? !
 Everything we said on the phone , recorded and transcribed .
 - It 's humiliating ! - It is a little humiliating .
 That Ml5 know you talk at home the same as you talk in public .
 The gross national product , borrowing requirements , draft agendas ...
 I didn 't mean that ! I meant our private talk .
 I hadn 't thought of that ... " Got the car keys ? "
 " I thought you had them ! " That 'll bring the government down !
 - You 're not taking it seriously .
 - What gives you that idea ?
 They might 've heard what we said ... in bed !
 Why ? Do you snore in code ?


 - You trying to tell me something ?
 - Since you ask , why don 't we go away for the weekend like we used to ?
 Yes . Why not ? What the hell !

 - Let 's go to Kingsbury Down .
 - Where ?
 Only where we spent our honeymoon , darling !
 Yes ...
 Where you first explained to me the effect of velocity of circulation on the net growth of money supply .
 Yeah ... I remember .
 Did you get that , boys ?
 The Minister ... on a death list ?
 Well , who are the International Freedom Army ?
 - We do not , as yet , know .
 - Why assassinate the Minister ?
 He 's so harmless !
 Nevertheless , we cannot risk the Minister 's life . - No .
 That means the full ... ?
 - Quite !

 - Morning , Minister ! - Morning , Minister , how are you ?
 - Sorry I 'm late . Didn 't sleep well . - Sorry to hear that .

 Actually , I feel like death .
 Perhaps that 's just as well .
 - See this morning 's Express ? - Indeed .
 - " Minister acts to curb phone taps . "
 - Wonder where they got that .
 A leak , I suppose . Terrible , isn 't it ?

 Terrible .
 It only reaffirms my determination to act .
 Are you sure you 've considered all the implications ?
 Yes .
 Free citizens have a right to privacy .
 But suppose Ml5 had reason to believe these free citizens were , to take a purely hypothetical example , planning to assassinate a Minister ?
 The freedom of the British people is worth more than a Minister 's life .
 Freedom is indivisible .
 Ministers are expendable .
 A man in public life must expect to be the target of cranks and fanatics .
 It is a Minister 's duty to set his life at naught .
 He must be able to stand up and say , " Here I am ! Do your worst ! "
 And not cower in craven terror behind electronic equipment , secret microphones and all the hideous apparatus ... of the police state .

 - Ahem ... - I don 't want to hear about it .
 I must say one more thing on this matter .
 Very well . Be brief .
 Special Branch have found your name on a death list .
 That has no bearing on the situation .
 What ? !
 Special Branch have found your name on a death list .
 - A death list ... ? - An assassination .
 I know what you mean by death list , but what do you mean ?
 I don 't think I can put it any more clearly , Minister .
 To put it absolutely bluntly , investigations have proved the existence of documents whose provenance is unestablished but whose effect would be to precipitate a bye- election .
 What do you mean ?
 You 're on a death list , Minister .
 Who and why ?
 The International Freedom Army , a new urban guerrilla group .
 - What 've they got against me ?
 - As you may recall , there have been rumours of a Cabinet reshuffle , and your name was linked with the Ministry of Defence .
 - Who can they be ? - An Irish splinter group ?
 Baader- Meinhof , PLO or Black September or home- grown loonies !
 Anarchists , Maoists , Libyans ,
 Iranians or the Italian Red Brigade , for all we know .
 But they 're all connected , so it could be a new group of freelance killers .
 Special Branch don 't know where to start .
 - The list isn 't just me ? - Not just you , Minister .
 - There must be hundreds on ...
 - Just three .
 Just three .
 ( BUZZER )
 Yes ? Commander Forest of Special Branch .
 - Shall I ... ?
 - Please do .
 The Home Secretary wants detectives to protect you .
 - This man will inform you .
 - Detectives ? !
 They can 't protect you against the assassin 's bullet !
 Certainly not , but they can determine the assassin is brought to trial .
 After the victim has been gunned down , of course .
 Commander Forest of Special Branch .
 - Morning , Commander . - Morning , sir .
 - Sit down .
 - Thank you .
 You 've been told about this list , sir ?
 List ? What list ? Oh , list , yes .

 I 'll brief you on the standard hazards and precautions .
 - Thank you , Bernard .
 - Do I have to take it seriously ?
 In a sense , that 's up to you .
 We advise ...
 Most people might be in a frightful funk , but it 's all in a day 's work !
 - I admire your courage , sir . - Thank you .
 Right , well ...
 Shoot . I mean ... !


 Assassination hazards fall into four categories :
 Bullets , bombs , poisons and so- called accidents .
 There 's also gassing , throttling , stabbing , drowning , garrotting and ritual disembowelling , but they are uncommon in the UK .
 - All right , then . - Start with bullets .
 There 's your assassin on a tall building or in a car , your killer in a crowd and phut !
 There 's the unexpected house caller , your marksman in a van , and the revolver through your car window .
 So avoid crowds and keep away from windows .
 Commander , could I suggest bullet- proof curtains for the office ?
 - Bullet- proof ! - By lunchtime , sir .
 We 'll fit them in your London flat when we do the place over .
 - Do it over ? - The usual locks , security alarms .
 24- hour patrols by local staff , phone taps .
 Just the usual ? !
 You 'll have bodyguards round the clock .
 Never answer your door in person and keep car windows locked .
 Never draw up by the pavement at lights .
 You don 't want a terrorist to jump in ! - No .
 - Course not !
 If he draws his car in front of yours , ram the axle and sweep it aside ,
 Bombs ! Car bombs you know , but never open letters .
 For the time being , we 'll re- direct them .
 Now , poisons ... Be suspicious of gifts of food , chocolates .
 Check the milk bottle caps every morning for hypodermic holes .
 Don 't forget the poisoned umbrella jabbed into the calf .
 Now ... accidents .
 Never walk along the edge of pavements , rivers , railway platforms .
 We don 't want to make it too easy for them .
 Especially the electric railway - so avoid the Tube .
 Electrocution ... another favourite .
 A little tinkering with the telly , toaster , electric blanket and Bob 's your uncle !
 Your late uncle .
 They have to be checked .
 Any questions ?

 Good ! Here 's your list of standard safety precautions .
 - I 'll be in touch . - Thank you , Commander .

 If you 're pushed out of a window with railings underneath , try and land on your head .
 Quicker !
 Humphrey ... how do we find these terrorists before they find me ?
 Phone tapping and surveillance of suspects is the best way , but it does incur intolerable intrusion on individual privacy .
 On the other hand ... the people 's representatives must represent the people .
 Any threat to them is a threat against democracy , isn 't it ?
 How ?

 These threats constitute an attack on the people 's inalienable democratic right to have leaders of their choice , who must be protected by every possible means , no matter how much we might regret the necessity for doing so .

 Beautifully argued , Minister .
 My view exactly .
 Or else you 're a dead duck .
 Good God ! What 's that ?
 - The petition 's arrived .
 - Petition ?
 Against phone tapping and surveillance .
 The one you started in opposition . 2 . 25 million signatures .
 But we need surveillance !
 It 's an essential weapon in our fight against crime , right ?
 I couldn 't have put it better myself .
 - I see .
 Shall I file it ?
 - Shred it ! No one must find it .
 In that case , I think it 's best I file it .
 Great way to spend a second honeymoon !
 Table for ... ?
 - Eight !
 - Two .
 I 've a nice table by the window .
 - We 've chosen the target 's table .
 - Target ?
 Sorry , Minister .
 Over there by the kitchen door .
 You sit here , sir .
 Constable Ross will be watching the kitchen door , your escape route .
 We 're not expecting assassins here , since we only booked this morning .
 I 'll sit by the window . If you hear gunshots , get under the table .
 I 'm not really worried .
 ( POP ! )
 It was just a champagne cork , darling .
 Just practising .
 ( DETECTlVE ) I 'll have spaghetti bolognaise , then T- bone steak , peas , beans , cauliflower and chips , and a bottle of Château Baron Philippe de Rothschild 1961 .
 Takes it out of you , this job .
 - Beautiful , isn 't it ? - Beautiful .
 Quiet and peaceful .
 Lovely to get away from it all .
 Lovely .
 - This all right for you ? - Lovely .
 Not James Bond ?
 I thought it was " Belle du Jour " .
 Yes , but they didn 't want to see a foreign film .
 ( OMlNOUS MUSlC )
 ( MUSlC BUlLDS )
 ( GUNSHOT )
 I can 't stand this .
 - Target in there now ? - Yeah , with his wife .
 - They going out again ?
 - Nah , turned in for the night .
 They don 't seem to be enjoying the holiday .
 Wonder why ... ?
 I can 't sleep here .
 I 'm going home .
 What the hell 's all this ?
 ( DETECTlVE ) Local force , sir , showing they 're doing their bit .
 ( KNOCK AT DOOR )
 Come in . Oh , you 're in !
 - May I just check the windows ?
 - Go ahead .

 Thank you . Goodnight , sir .
 Sleep well .
 Don 't worry , darling . You 'll get used to being a famous man 's wife .
 I hope so .
 I don 't want to be a famous man 's widow !
 But ... I don 't follow .
 You want to stop phone tapping , you get this petition of 2 . 25 million signatures to boost your case , and you won 't even give me a quote saying you welcome it .

 A promise to implement its recommendations ?
 - It 's not that simple .
 - Why not ?
 - There are security implications .
 - There always were .
 OK , I 'll make an even bigger story : " Minister rejects his own petition . "
 Now , hold on !
 I ...
 Are you accepting it or rejecting it ?
 No .
 My editor asks if being on this death list has altered your views on phone tapping .
 Heavens ! What an extraordinary idea !
 - So why this change of tune ? - No change of tune .
 ( KNOCK )
 - Can Sir Humphrey see you ? - Humphrey !
 What can I do for you ?
 - Excuse us . - Won 't be a minute .
 I 'll wait out there .
 Good weekend ?
 Marvellous .
 Me , Annie and half of Special Branch .
 - Rozzers with guns . Unforgettable ! - The burdens of office !
 - This can 't go on .
 - You said it ! It isn 't going to .
 Special Branch is withdrawing your protection .
 Wait a minute ! I didn 't mean ...
 Why ?

 They 've suffered an acute personnel establishment shortfall .
 - They 're what ? - Short- staffed . No more protection .

 Short- staffed ? !
 There 's a more dangerous threat to the Soviet premier at Chequers .
 - But he 's Russian , I 'm British ! - In fact ,
 Special Branch believe the threat to your life has diminished .
 How do they know ?
 Surveillance of a conversation .
 - What did it say ?
 - It 's of no ...
 I 've a right to know .
 Well , it was to the effect that , in view of the nebulous and inexplicit nature of your remit , the arguably marginal and peripheral nature of your influence on decisions within the political process , there could be a case for restructuring their action priorities so as to eliminate your liquidation from their immediate agenda .



 They said that ?
 That was the gist of it .
 What 's it mean in English ?
 Well , it means that they don 't think you 're really important enough for it to be worth assassinating you .
 Oh !
 - I don 't agree , of course .
 - You mean ... ?
 What ?
 - They should assassinate me ? - No , no , no !
 - I 'm not important enough ?
 - No , no ...
 I mean you are important enough , but they shouldn 't assassinate you anyway .
 That 's marvellous . Not that I was ever worried .
 ( KNOCK )
 Mr Fowler 's waiting .
 Yes , bring him in .
 Have we still got that petition ? If so , show Mr Fowler .
 - The petition ?
 But you said ...
 - Yes , I did , but bring it in .
 - Antennae , Bernard . - Yes ! Yes , indeed .
 - The petition you were pleased ... ?
 - That 's right .
 God !
 - The paper must have an answer . - Of course .
 I want you to know I welcome this petition warmly !
 It 's not just the sort of thing you can sweep under the carpet .
 As for death lists , well , Ministers are dispensable , but freedom is indivisible , right , Humphrey ?
 Yes , Minister . http : // episode- heaven . rt . hu
