 Rebekah , voice- over :
 My brothers and I are the first vampires in history ...
 The Originals .
 300 years ago , we called New Orleans home .
 I was happy here ... for a time .
 Now we 've returned , only to find a miracle ... Niklaus , the girl is carrying your child .
 Rebekah , voice- over :
 And with it , a new responsibility ...
 I will always protect you .
 You have my word on that .
 Rebekah , voice- over : But our family has many enemies .
 Klaus destroyed everything good in my life .
 So I 'm gonna take away the thing he wants most .
 Rebekah , voice- over :
 These threats should have united us .
 Instead , Klaus has driven us apart .
 Why should I help you after what you did to Elijah ?
 You 're my family .
 Marcel :
 Klaus will never stop trying to control you . What do you want ?
 Rebekah , voice- over :
 My brother expects my loyalty , as he has for 1, 000 years , but now , perhaps , it 's time to make a different choice .

 [ Blues music playing ]
 Rebekah :
 I should never have come back here .
 This is the town where I fell in love and where love failed us .
 I assume you know who I 'm talking about .
 You should know , Marcel and I aren 't on the best of terms right now .
 But you are an active priest , are you not , ready and able to hear my confession ?
 Usually , the word " willing " falls somewhere in that sentence .
 Are you even Catholic ?
 I 've been on this earth for 1, 000 years .
 I can 't say for certain that I believe in anything like a God , but
 I need absolution from someone , anyone .
 So will you hear my confession or not ?
 Bless me , Father , for I have sinned .
 I am a liar , a betrayer .
 I have conspired against my own blood , and I doubt even your God could save me .


 Have you spoken to our good friend Marcel today ?
 No . Should I have ?
 Well , he 's been mysteriously silent , avoiding me , some might say .
 I thought , perhaps , he may have whispered reasons into your ear along with all of those sweet nothings .
 If I see him , I 'll be sure to ask if he 's still sore at you .
 Let me give a voice to that look in your eyes . " My saintly , noble brother
 lies writhing in agony in the bayou , victim of my bastard brother 's bite when just one or two drops of his blood would ease his pain . "

 One the contrary , Nik .
 I am simply enjoying my brekkie waiting for Elijah 's healthy return .
 Oh , come on , Rebekah .
 You 've been giving me the devil 's eye all morning .
 Out with it .
 Perhaps I 'm concerned that if I voice my opinion about what you did to Elijah ,
 I will end up on the wrong side of your toxic hybrid teeth .
 Poppycock .
 I would never bite you .
 Elijah made some very offensive accusations about my intentions towards my child .
 He deserves a day or two of discomfort .
 Besides , you know my preferred method of punishment for your indiscretions is the dagger .

 [ Chuckles ]
 There 's something fundamentally wrong with you .
 [ Gasping ]
 Here .
 Drink this .

 - [ Coughing ]
 - Mm .
 Forgive me , please .
 It 's ok .

 Remind me to annihilate your brother once you 're healthy . Yes .
 Remind me to remind you to get in line .
 Doesn 't help that we decided to shack up in the middle of a swamp , either .
 [ Elijah coughs ]
 - Are you ok ?
 - I 'm fine .
 Please just ... return to your reading .
 Well , I went through the whole thing .
 It 's ... just a regular Bible with an entry in the family tree that may or may not be me , but you know I 've been a little busy worrying about you .
 Hayley , please .
 This fever will make me unstable .
 Now , once these hallucinations begin ,
 I 'll start to see things .
 I will start to say things .
 You must leave me here .
 I 'm not leaving you like this .
 [ Coughs ]
 [ Blues music playing ]
 All right .
 I 'm here .
 Let 's do this .


 I 'll keep this simple .
 This kid is an old enemy of your favorite person Klaus .
 Now , he 's got plenty to say about what that traitorous son of a bitch has been up to behind my back .
 Now , for those of you faint of heart , there 's the door because those who stick around , you 're signing up for battle .


 Tyler :
 You all know Klaus wasn 't always the hybrid .
 When he broke the curse that kept his werewolf side dormant , somewhere in all that , certain parts were now able to trump his vampire side ,
 like the ability to pass on the werewolf gene .
 That 's where the werewolf girl he 's been hiding from you all comes in .
 She rolled through my town , pretended to be my friend , and ended up hooking up with him .
 Now she 's pregnant with his kid .
 What the hell is this ?
 Just listen .

 When Klaus became the hybrid , he figured out a way to turn full- bred werewolves into creatures like him .
 You 're looking at one of them .
 On the plus side , we had all the perks of being vampires .
 We were stronger , faster , and the toxins in our bites could still kill a vampire , but on the downside , we were loyal to him ,
 like , supernaturally loyal .
 Right , and that 's why you 're here spilling all his secrets ?
 No .
 That 's the point , Diego . He figured out a way to break free of it .
 And I helped the rest of them , too .
 Then Klaus killed them for their betrayal .
 Because that is what Klaus does .
 Don 't mind me .
 I 'm fascinated by this story .
 - Hello , Tyler .
 - Rebekah .
 Long time , no see .
 What Tyler is about to tell you is that my brother can use his baby 's blood to sire more hybrids .
 What you will all figure out is that vampires don 't stand a chance .
 So , Tyler , I assume you were trying to rally this lot into making sure the baby isn 't born .
 Yeah .
 You don 't like it , go ahead and take your brother 's side , but you know I 'm right .
 I believe you 've mistaken the lady 's intentions .
 Diego : All right . What 's going on ?
 You 're absolutely right , Tyler .
 My brother is a crap enough individual as it is .
 The last thing he needs is to sire a superior species . Go on .
 You can tell them .
 She 's not here to fight us .
 She 's here to help us .

 That 's right , but first ...
 [ Crack ]
 [ Thud ]
 Whew , that is enough talk about harming that baby .
 Klaus is the one we 're putting a stop to .
 Klaus :
 They have all forsaken me .
 My siblings are as deceitful and diseased as my parents ever were , accusing me of using my baby for my own gain , trusting others before their own blood .

 Ohh , would a laptop kill you ?
 That typewriter was good enough for Hemingway .
 Can see the resemblance ... booze and random acts of violence .
 Elijah and Rebekah have cut to the quick with their vicious lies about me when all I 've done is tried to win this battle of wills over Marcel 's control of the quarter in order to reclaim our home .

 Type , please .
 What 's the point ?
 You just repeat the same thing over and over again .
 Rebekah is out to get you .
 Elijah is out to get you .
 Is there anyone who isn 't plotting your downfall ?
 I doubt you trust your own reflection .
 You know , if the daggers weren 't missing ,
 I would put one in each of their hearts , rid myself of the burden of my siblings for a couple of centuries .
 Look at you , repeating the same destructive cycles over and over again .
 You are the architect of your own unhappiness .
 I don 't remember asking for your advice .
 Oh , really ?
 So of all the people in New Orleans , you choose someone with a master 's in psychology to record your life story .
 You 're over 1, 000 years old .
 Pretty damn sure you know how to type .
 The truth is , you compel me to come here because you have no one else to talk to , and you want to be understood .
 Then you compel me to forget everything as soon as I leave your presence because you 're too scared to trust .
 I am scared of nothing .
 What is this ?
 It 's an ancient , mystical plot I 'm using to destroy you .
 Relax .
 It 's a tattoo design .
 Draw on your own time .
 This is my time .
 You steal it from me .
 Where do you want him ?
 Well , just put him anywhere handy until Klaus is taken care of .
 Rebekah :
 Where are we gonna put Klaus ?
 He needs to be away from all the others .
 We don 't want him fomenting descent .
 You know he has a knack with words .
 He could talk his way out of hell .
 Yeah .
 I got a spot picked out for him in the back .
 Only person he 's gonna be talking to for the next 52 years is himself .
 52 ?
 One for each year that he kept you daggered in the 1800s .
 You mean , you let him keep me daggered .
 And I 'll spend every year Klaus is in here apologizing to you for it .
 Well , I 'll settle for long enough to experience just a little bit of happiness and ensure that my niece isn 't turned into a hybrid breeding machine .
 It 's gonna be tough to keep him in here .
 That little witch of yours would put the odds in our favor .
 I can 't risk it .
 She 's got less and less control over her magic lately .
 I can 't even get her out of the church attic , much less rely on her to go to battle against Klaus .
 Then we 'll need your very best warriors .
 Klaus is strong and crafty , and betrayal makes him particularly nasty .
 What we 're doing is nothing Klaus hasn 't done to both you and your brother a dozen times over .
 You 're not getting second thoughts now , are you ?
 No .
 These aren 't second thoughts .
 They 're feelings of regret .
 I should 've buried him a hundred years ago .
 It 's a hundred years we could 've been together .
 Uh !
 It 's ok .
 It 's ok .


 Oh , Celeste .
 Hayley , I 'm sorry .
 I thought you were someone else .
 - Celeste ? - Yes .
 Whoever she was , she was smoking hot .
 How ...

 Did I let you enter my thoughts ?
 I 'm not well . I should go .
 [ Coughs ]
 - This is ... - This is fine .
 Elijah , you 're sick .
 I 'm taking care of you .
 We 're being watched .
 Hey !
 Hey !
 Oh , man , I 'll never get used to that .
 Why do I get the feeling you studied theater ?
 All the world 's a stage , young Joshua , and it just so happens I have the role of a lifetime for you .
 What do you got , Josh ?
 What do I got ?
 Klaus wants me to steal some dagger from you .
 It 's a test , ok ?
 He knows I 'm working for you .
 I 'm sure of it .
 That bastard wants to dagger us again .
 He deserves everything he 's gonna get .
 Relax .
 If he knew , he would 've ripped out your spine through your nose by now .
 Oh , great .
 Now I feel totally at ease .
 - What am I supposed to do ?
 - You tell him you searched high and low but you couldn 't find the dagger .
 Oh , God , I 'm so dead .
 Then you tell him you saw I had it on me , that if he wants it , he 'll have to come and get it , which won 't be easy because I 'm paranoid and I beefed up my posse .

 Josh :
 All right .
 So , not doubting your mad vampire skills of destruction or anything , but Marcel is on red alert , surrounded by , like , an army .
 You 're totally boned ,
 - unless ...
 - Unless what ?
 I overheard him arguing with Diego .
 Apparently , he 's clearing out the compound tonight for a date or something .
 That 's where Marcel will be .
 When I run New Orleans , there will be a permanent daylight ring in it for you , Joshua , for services rendered unto your true king ...
 Cool .
 But ... if you ever betray me ,
 I will make sure you spend the rest of your eternal life in exquisite agony wishing for a merciful death .
 Adios , Klaus .
 What do you want ?
 It 's poitin .

 It 'd raise the dead , kill them , and raise them again .
 I 'd like to talk to you about your niece Camille .
 I 'm sure you suspect this already by the gaps in her memory .
 I compel her .
 At first , it was because she was a useful spy but now for her own protection .
 I assumed a vampire was messing with her mind , though I never anticipated a confession .
 She won 't leave things be .
 Her mind churns with the permutations of what happened in this church when her twin when on his slaughter spree .
 Now , if she finds out what really happened , that the vampires and witch hexes were involved , she will dig and dig and dig until she digs too deep and gets herself killed .
 New Orleans will be the death of her .
 She needs to leave , and , as ironic as it may seem ,
 I believe it should be her choice . Yes .
 It is ironic discussing free will with a mind- controlling vampire .
 She 's a clever girl .
 She gave me a piece of her mind earlier today .
 I would 've killed others for less .
 I care about her survival .
 I smell war in the air , and with every war , there is the innocent victim who could have been spared if they had just walked away .

 Please convince her to walk away from New Orleans , or I 'll be forced to compel her to go .
 [ Chuckles ]
 Assistance , please , good sir .
 No . I 'm much happier taking in such a wondrous view .

 It 's perfection .
 Celeste :
 Your brother is again up to no good .
 He 's challenging the gentry to duels as though they have any chance of a fair fight .
 I do grow weary of sacrificing my joy to temper my brother 's mischief .
 Surely , you can cast a spell , put him in his place .
 It will take 100 witches to put him in his place .
 Besides , he only ever listens to you .
 Yes . He certainly needs a little discipline .
 Perhaps a spanking of some kind is in order .
 I think I shall need some rehearsal .
 Come .
 [ Chuckles ]
 [ Babbles ]
 Hayley , please .
 This fever . My mind is flooded with these tortuous memories .

 You have to leave .
 What is your deal ?
 You don 't like people taking care of you ?
 There are consequences for those that care . I will not have you pay that price .
 So you 're having weird retro sex dreams .
 Get over it .
 I 'm staying .
 So what about our visitor ?
 What does she want ?
 I 'm guessing she 's the one that left the mystery Bible on the doorstep last night .
 Would be nice if she 'd stick around
 long enough to tell me why .
 Hayley , you came here to gather information about my family , not to play nursemaid to a vampire with a temperature .
 Please ... find her .
 Learn what you can .
 No .
 I 'm staying .
 [ Jazz music playing ]
 Marcel :
 Klaus .
 You 've been avoiding my calls .
 A little pissed off lately .
 Apologies for my behavior can come later .
 You have something of mine .
 I want it back .
 Sorry , but I can 't do that .
 What is this ?
 Apologies for your behavior ? You don 't apologize , Nik .

 You just act . I 've had enough .
 We have had enough .
 Well , look at you , finally in possession of the one thing that can take you down .
 - How does it feel ?
 - Great .
 [ Whistles ]
 So this is it .
 The evil bastard Klaus has gone too far , must be punished and by his own sibling , nonetheless .
 How positively biblical .
 And you , Marcel , is this your idea of a hit ?
 I taught you better than this paltry excuse for a takedown .
 You think you can subdue me with this ?
 No , but I think I can with this .
 [ Whistles ]

 [ Panting ]

 Celeste ...

 Forgive me .
 I 'm sorry .
 A I 'outrance .
 Huit , sept , six , cinq , quatre , trois , deux ...

 Is that it ?
 Is this the best New Orleans has to offer ?

 Brother , please .
 This is high folly .
 Is it not enough that you have slaughtered dozens in just these past several weeks ?
 Well ...
 Word of a city littered with bodies will surely travel the oceans .
 Do you want to bring our father upon us ?
 Relax , brother . I 've sent rumor that the bodies are a result of the witches seeking blood sacrifice for their rituals .

 You did what ?
 Have you forgotten Celeste is one of those that you so recklessly pointed your finger at ?
 Who 's Celeste ?
 Oh , yes , the witch you 've been knocking around with .
 Well , fear not . Harlots are like rats in the quarter .
 You trip over one every step you take .
 Ugh !
 Agh !
 Rrgh .
 Hmm ...
 You care about her .
 Well , that is unfortunate .
 I hear they 're rounding up the town 's witches as we speak .
 Uh !
 Aah ! Ah ! Huh !
 Elijah ? Oh !
 Niklaus , I 'll kill you , you bastard .
 Elijah ?
 Aah !
 Nngh !
 Uh !
 Agh !

 Hello to you , too .

 Let 's end this charade , shall we ?
 Vampires of New Orleans , do recall that I am an Original , a hybrid .
 I cannot be killed .
 Eternity is an awfully long time . How long do you think Marcel will stay in power ?
 What if one of you lot were to release me , knowing I would be eternally in your debt ?
 Oh , I would pity those of you who dared to cross me .
 I can assure you , your ends would be spectacular .
 To borrow a trick from an old friend ...
 Whoever picks up this coin gets to live .
 Now , which of you magnificent bastards wants to join me ?
 Anyone wants that coin , pledge allegiance to Klaus , take it now .
 Go ahead .
 The choice is yours .

 Take him .
 Hmm ...
 Nngh !
 [ Blows continue ]
 Yaagh !
 [ Crack ]
 [ Growling ]
 [ Growling stops ]
 Raagh !

 Marcel !
 Come and finish this !
 No .

 - Take the coin . - What ?
 He won 't stop until everyone is dead , and he will kill you , too .
 End this .
 Pick up the coin .
 Yaagh !
 Enough !
 [ Crack ]
 [ Thud ]

 Well , well , well .
 The great Marcel , self- proclaimed king of New Orleans , bowing before me .
 There .
 I hereby pledge my allegiance to you .
 You have the keys to my kingdom .
 It 's yours .
 [ Scrubbing ]


 I was on my way home , saw you duck in here , knew exactly where you 'd be .

 This is getting old .
 It 's the second time this week .
 Third , but I cleaned it off the day before yesterday .
 It 's pointless .
 They 'll just do it again . Folks need time to heal .
 Sean killed innocent people .
 No one is getting over that any time soon .
 I think ...
 I think I 'm losing it like he did .
 I found this in my pocket .
 The lines , it 's a secret code Sean and I used to use when we were kids .
 I have no memory of drawing it .
 Something is not right .
 I just can 't figure it out .
 Come here . Oh ...
 Maybe you should
 leave town for a while ...
 Give your head some space .
 I know your Dean .
 You could put your thesis on hold .
 I can 't .
 This means something .
 I just don 't know what . Not everything has meaning .
 Sometimes you just have to let go .
 You should leave New Orleans .
 This town isn 't for everybody .
 Please .


 Woman :
 I 'm sure you got questions .
 Only a thousand of them ,
 like who are you , why are you following me , where the hell is everyone , and if the people in this book really are my family , what happened to them ?

 I 'm Eve .
 I 'm following you because you brought an Original to werewolf country , which is pretty much the same reason why everybody else skedaddled , and if you want to know what happened to the people in that family tree , summing it up nice and quick ,



 Marcel happened . What did he do ?
 He killed most of them .
 Later , the descendents of the ones who dodged death , he strong- armed a witch into putting a curse on them .
 What kind of curse ?
 Swap nature around , inside out , made it so their natural state was wolves .
 They only turn back human on the full moon .
 We get hunted by the marks we carry , that Crescent moon birthmark .

 That 's why I got rid of mine .
 I didn 't want to get found out .
 Elijah : Good evening .

 Think ...
 I might have something which belongs to you .
 Elijah , I 've got this .
 Are you ok ? The wound had healed , the fever has broken , but for some strange reason ,
 I have this sharpened lingering sensation in my back .
 I have to get him home , but I 'll be back , ok ?
 I need to know more .
 Keep that mark covered up .

 What happened ?
 I just met part of my family .



 Looking at what you 've wrought ?
 Look .
 If you 're gonna kill me , let 's get this over with .
 Why would I kill you ?
 You picked up the coin .
 There are rules of engagement in battle , Marcel .
 Without them , you 'd have anarchy .
 I would , however , like to talk about accommodations , your living quarters , for example .

 I believe they used to be mine .
 You want all this ? Fine .
 It 's yours .
 You can put me back on the street for all I care , but let 's make one thing clear .
 You 'll never have this ...
 Loyalty . You can 't buy it . You can 't own it .
 You can 't force it .
 It comes only out of love and respect for the people who believe in you .

 You taught me many things , Niklaus Mikaelson , but this I learned myself , and it is something that you will never know .
 Enjoy your kingdom .


 So thanks for the ride .
 Quite the awkward , little adventure , wouldn 't you say ?
 I 'm sorry I tried to hurt you .
 I would never want that .
 Elij ...
 Tell me what happened to Celeste . - That 's not important .
 - It is important .
 1, 000 years of memories , and that 's what breaks through your fever brain ?
 I want to know .
 Show me .
 [ Panting ]
 Aah !

 It was a cruel and bloody time to be a witch , courtesy of my wonderful brother .
 - She died because of Klaus ?
 - She died because of me , because I cared too deeply for her .
 I had allowed my brother to slip through my grasp .
 I 'd loosened the reins while Celeste consumed my every moment .
 I 'd abandoned him in the name of my own happiness .
 Celeste paid the price .
 I don 't get it .
 Why are we here ?
 Why are you trying to put together your family when it 's so clear that one part of it is broken ?
 To me , the very definition of the word " broken " suggests that something can be fixed .
 I have all eternity to accomplish one single task ... my brother 's salvation .
 If I surrender this , then , tell me , what value would I be to my family , to myself , to ... to your child ?

 Please , no , Hayley .
 You 've seen what happens .
 [ Footsteps ]




 Elijah is home . There 's only one dagger .
 Which one of us will you be punishing today ?
 I contemplated a game of eeny meeny miny ... moe .
 You betrayed me , my own sister .
 Niklaus , don 't you dare .
 Well , perhaps it should be you , brother , stealing my child away with every fawning moment of tenderness you show to Hayley .
 This has nothing to do with Hayley . It has everything to do with her !
 She 's adored you since she arrived , and now my child , my blood , will grow up to call you father .

 Is that what this is ?
 You are once again worried that you will be left behind ?
 Has history taught you nothing ?
 We don 't abandon you , Nik .
 You drive us away .
 Is that so ?

 What have I done lately other than cooperate ?
 I bowed down to you , brother , to make up for daggering you for the greater good of our plan to reclaim our home ;
 looked the other way , sister , while you repeat the same cycle with Marcel , falling again for a man you shouldn 't be with while he controls the empire that we built that he took .

 Now , I make no excuses for past sins , but in the one moment when you two could have chosen to stand by me , to believe in me and believe my intentions for my own child were pure , you chose to stand against me , to side with my enemies .





 I wanted our home back .
 Now I have it .
 So I 'm going to live there , and the two of you , you can stay here together and rot .




 You 're coming with me , little wolf .
 Why would I go anywhere with you ?
 Because , Hayley , that child you carry is the only thing on this earth that matters to me .
 Now , you can fight me on this , but you will lose , as will anyone else who tries to stop you getting in this car .



 I figured it out , the note .
 I was thinking about it ... my lost time , my foggy brain .
 I thought I must be going crazy like Sean , but then I thought ,
 " what if somewhere in my subconscious ,
 I was trying to send myself a message ? "
 I was .

 I found this in the " Picayune " newspaper archives from 1919 .
 Look at this photo .

 Cami :
 Those men , I know them .
 I know both of them .
 - synced and corrected by chamallow - - www . addic7ed . com -
