
Mrs Barclay your tea Mrs. Barclay , yourtea .
How can you do such a thing after so many years? A lltheseyears , howcouldyoudosuchathi ng ?
Your tea lady Yourtea , madam .
Oh I hate you I hate you Oh, I hateyou, I hateyou, I hate you I hate you I hate you, I hateyou.

David . . . David -
Your tea lady Yourtea , madam .
David you betrayed him David , youbetrayed him . Mrs Fanny . . .
Mr rs . F enning - what happened , boy ?
What  ' shappened , whatisit , child ? It 's the lady and the colonel It  ' smadamand the Colonel , there is something awfulisgoing on
I can 't open the door and I can  ' topenthedoor . Let me try Here , letmetry .
Stop him you two S tophim , both of you .
Mrs. Barclay Mrs. Barclay, Mrs. Barclay Open the door Mrs.
B a r c l a y ,   o p e n   t h e   d o o r .
Mrs. Buckley, open the door, Mrs.
Barclay, openthedoor. The door is locked from the inside Thedooris locked on thein sideaswell, there is no key and there  ' snokey.
I went to the doctor and the police I  'mgoing outforadoctor , and the police .
The Hunchback Case
There are quite a few of them . . . T here  ' squiteafewofthem when I sailedhomewounded .

He has made outstanding achievements in India H adagoodrecordoutin India ,
Especially the two great victories of the counterinsurgency didwonders during the Mutiny . I  'msureyouwon  'tregrettaking the case you certainly won 't regret taking over this case.
Ah sentry A h , sentry .
Dr. John Watson Former Army Medic D r. John Watson , formerly medicaloffice r attached to the R oyal Berkshires ,
Now a personal physician nowincivilianpractice . Murphy , secondincommand , temporarily in charge of the R oyal M allows ,
Following the tragic death of our Colonel , tragedyofour Colonel  ' sdeath . This must be Mr. Holmes ?
A n d   t h i s   w i l l   b e   M r .   H o l m e s ?
Please enter P lease .
It is great that you arrived in time I t  ' sgoodofyoutocomesoswi ftly .
You are welcome N otatall . I explained to Sherlock Holmes that you must I have explained to Holmeshowconcerned that you must beaboutthepossibilityofascandal .
Thank you T hankyou .
I am very worried about the honor of our regiment Thehonoroftheregimenti sinmycare .
But newspaper reports suggest that Andyet, thenewspapersreportsuggest scandal is inevitable thatascandalisinevita ble.
Certainly not.
I 've tried my best to convert reporters I ' vedonemyutmosttomakes urethatreporters
Stay out of the situation werekeptasfarawayaspo ssible . Of course this will make them more suspicious Exactly , and thatiswhathasmadet hemsuspicious .
They smell the secret that will make their Theyscentamystery, that muchisclear understatement into fuss fromthelittlethey have been abletosay.
Of course you shouldn 't repeat Surely , itwouldbewrongtorepea t , to attract their attention. . . todrawattentionto -
Indeed Q uite .
We desperately need your help Mr. Holmes Youseehowmuchweneedyou rhelp , Mr .
H olmes . What do you think of Sherlock Holmes ? Whatdoyousay , Holmes ?
What else? What can I say ?
Major Murphy , you havetoldmenothing .
I came to Aldershot I havecomedownhere after persuasionfrom my friend , to Aldershot , whohas more interestinm ilitarymattersthan I .
Now that I 'm here please tell me the truth No owthat I amhere , pleasetellmethefacts .
The commandingofficerof thisregiment, the commander of the regiment,
Colonel James Barkley, was found dead at home at about 10 o 'clockthenightbeforela st.
The body was found by Private Bates T hebody was found by P rivate B ates , his orderly body was lying in the living room hisbatman , lyinginthemorningroom .
There was an irregular wound T herewasaraggedcut, two-inchlong, embedded in the back of his head on the backofhishead, apparently caused by a blow whichhadevidentlybeen caused byaviolentblow
The murder weapon was a blunt weapon fromabluntinstrument . On the floor beside the body was a handmade wooden stick wasasingularhand - carvedwoodenclub .
And on the sofa lies Also , stretchedoutonthesofa
Nancy Ba, who passed out . . .
lyinginadeadfaint , was N ancy B ar - Mrs. Buckley M rs .
Barclay . Please continue Major Murphy P leasecontinue , Major M urphy .
The servants took note of the tragedy Theservants hadbeenaler tedtothetragedy because of a heated argument between the Colonel Barkley and his wife by thesoundsofaquarrel between the Colonelland Mrs .
Barclay . They try to break into the living room Theytriedtoenterthemor ningroom
found the door locked but found it locked . bates had to go around the garden
Go in through the floor-to-ceiling windows and get in through the fre nchwindows . And now you suspect it was Mrs. Buckley ?
A n d   n o w   y o u   s u s p e c t   M r s .   B a r c l a y ?
Yes Yes . But she is incapable of Butsheisquiteincapable of such a dreadful act ofsuchadreadfulact .
I do the late Colonel I havebeenthelate Colonel 's
The lieutenant for many years has been secondincommandforanu mberofyears. I know Nancy Barkley I 'vecometoknow Nancy Barclaywell.
Of course Of course.
Tell me about Colonel Barkley, T ellmeabout Colonel Barclay, is he respected by his soldiers? washehighlyregardedbythemenunderhiscommand?
Considering his background is very respectful Considering his backgrou nd , remarkablyso .
His background How does he have a disgraced past? H isbackground , why , washeeverdisgraced ?
Not only is the outside world usually unaware of No , butit  ' snotgenerally known out side Jim Barkley 's military career that Jim Barclaybeganhiscareer began with the Milos Regiment Ordinary Private asaprivatesoldierinth e M allows .
This is real ?
Didhe, indeed? Promoted from private to commander From privatesoldiertoco mmandingofficer in the same regiment inthesameregiment,
This is a rare achievement that  ' sarareachievement . It was his courage in the Indian rebellion I washisgallantryin the Indian Mutiny that earned him the position thatgothimhiscommissi on ,
In the following years, he rose three levels in a row and thenquiterapidprom otionovertheyears,
I must say much faster than me morerapidthanmine, forinstance. Impressive Impressive.
I guess the unfortunate Mrs. Buckley was detained? A nd I supposetheunfortunate M rs .
Bar arclayisincustody ? Not exactly No, notexactly, no.
She was closely watched in the hospital S he  ' sinhospital , being looked after , the police officer stood by the bed with a policy constables tanding by .
Nancy Barkley is a generous woman now Nancy Barclayisahandsomewoma nnow , but you should see her butyoushouldhaveseenh er when she was young in India 30 years ago asyounggirlin India , 30 yearsago .
She is the daughter of the Legion S hewasadaughterofthere giment .
Her father was the regiment 's sergeant major, RSM Dewey, Herfather was the Regimental Sergeant Major, RSMD evoy, such a father-in-law was enough to intimidate any soldier and thereforequiteafor midablefather-in-lawforanysoldier.
I remember one of our brothers I remember that allthemen inmycompany thought she was the prettiest girl in the garrison thoughtherquitethepre ttiestgirlinthegarris on .
As a lieutenant I didn 't have much contact with her A sajuniorofficer I hadlittletodowithher , but I knew she was the most attractive but I wasawarethatshewasamo stcharming , the most lively and brave girl mostvivaciousandspiri tedgirl .
Of course I twasquiteunderstandab le Barkley was not the only one in the regiment who thought that Bar arclaywasnottheonlyma nintheregiment whosoughtherhand.
But in the end she chose him But , intheend , hewastheoneshechose .
They were married in Bodi in the summer of 1858 Theyweremarriedat B hurtee , not far from C ornporafew months after the besieged garrison thebesiegedgarrisonth ere
just rescued by General Neill 's column wasrelieved by General Neill  ' scolumn
In the summer of 1858 in the summer of 1858. Shortly after the marriage, S hortly after themarriage,
Sergeant Barkley was unsurprisingly appointed S ergeant Bar arclaygothiscommission , as expected .
The Barclays must havebeendifficul t must have been in distress for the Barclaysatfirst,
A sergeant was promoted from the ranks to NCO , promoted from the ranks , as son-in-law of the sergeant major? marriedtoaregimental S ergeant M ajor  ' sdaughter ?
Yes I believe there is indeed some social frictionYes, I believetherewassomelittlesocialfriction.
But Nancy endured But with nobility and charm, N ancycarrieditoffwithdignityandcharm, they were soon accepted by everyone andthey gainedacceptan ceinnotime.
Barkley 's career is booming Barclay 'scareerflourised, troops withdrew from India 5 years ago andtheregimentreturne dfromIndiasomefiveyearsago.
Buckley was later appointed commander Barclaywasthenappointe dtocommandingofficer .
Their married life is still happy? A ndthemarriagecontinue dtobeahappyone ?
It looks like that I tappearedtobeso.
Looks? A ppeared? Most people believe in their marriageMostpeoplebelievethema rriage
Always be happy tohavebeenauniformlyh appyone . What do you think about Major Murphy? A ndwhatdoyoubelieve , Major M urphy ?
As a lieutenant, I, Mypositionassecondincommand, often visit the Barclays oftentookmetothe Barklay 'shouse on business.
I saw the other side of their marriage I sawadifferentsidetoth emarriage.
The importance of the truth T hetruthismoreimportan t far outweighs your loyalty to your predecessor thanloyaltytoyourlate commander .
One night I dined at the Barclays ' home O nenight I hadbeendining at the Barclays .
Going out to the end of the driveway I twasn  ' tuntil I reached the end of the drive that I realized I  ' dleftmycigarcase
I fell into the dining room. The door was still open when I went back. I wentback, the frontdoorwasstillo pen;
Jane the maid in the foyer Jane , themaid , wasinthehall .
I 'm glad you 're still here I  ' mgladyou  ' restillhere ,
I left my cigar case on the table I left mycigar case on the table
have gone to bed sir havegonetobed ​​, sir . oh for gods sake jane oh , forgoodnesssake , james .
Confess who is who?
C onfessthen , whoisit , who ? Let go of me you hurt me Letgoofme , you  ' rehurtingme .
Then tell me you love me Tell meyoulovemethen ,
Only love me meannobodyelse. Did you hear what I said?
D oyouhear , doyouhearme ? Oh why would I marry you if I don 't love you? O h , would I havemarriedyouif I didn  ' t ?
I don 't know, sometimes I can 't figure it out I don  ' tknow , sometimes I wonder .
These expressions of suspicion A ndthisexpressionofjea lousy Major Murphy happenedwithinseconds ofyou,Major Murphy,
Burst within seconds leaving the Bar arclays  ' house .
Tell me about the Colonel Tell me about the Colonel, is he a violent man? waseaviolentmaninany way?
O noccasion for it occasionally.
He will be brutally cruel to the lieutenants towards young subaltern s .
But he is B uthe  ' dclawedhiswaytothetop who has climbed to this position step by step , and he must become brutal youneedtoberuthlessto dothat .
you sure he as commander S urelyhedidn  ' tstillfeel
Not feeling out of place? outofplaceasanofficer? No I don 't think so No, I don 'tthinkso, but he was plagued by a particular kind of depression buthewassubjecttoapec uliarformofdepression.
To Queen The Queen .

Sometimes when we discuss past battles Sometimeswhenweweredis cussingoldcampaigns , the Governor Rebellion Afghanistan war thepremier , the Mutiny , A fghan War , he suddenly loses his smile the smilewouldoftenbes truckfromhismouth
like being torn down by the invisible hand asifbysomeinvisibleha nd .
Yes long service in India Yes , longservice in India will produce this symptom canhavethateffect.
I saw that when I was in the Berkshires.
Did you mention that a wooden stick You mentioned acarvedwoo denclub fell by the body found by the body, a souvenir brought back from India by the Colonel? oneofthe Colonel 's I ndiansouvenirs?
I believe the servants will say I believe the servants have never seen this stick everhavingseenthisclu bbefore.
Of course I never saw Certainly I  ' veneverseenitonanyofm yvisits when I visited.
It 's quite long I twasquitelong .
Then the police I guess A ndthepolice , I suppose ,
Has it been seized for prosecution? haveretaineditforexamation?
There is Yes .
They thought it was the murder weapon T heybelieveittobethemu rderweapon . Do they think so ?
Dothey , indeed ? I think we should start by visiting the Barklays  ' house,
But first of course unless, ofcourse,
Is it possible to interview Mrs Barclay? itispossibletointerview Mrs.Barclay? I 'm afraid she is still in a coma I 'mafraidshe 'sstillunconscious.
As I expected I thoughtasmuch .
David David David , David .
What a wonderful morning Whatabeautifulmorning .
Was Sherlock Holmes H olmes , suppose M rs . Barclay found out? hadalover and the C olonelhad foundout ?
Major Murphy looks pretty close to her M ajor M urphyseemstohavebeenr atherclosetoher . You know mild adultery Youknow , mildadultery
It 's been a cliché hasalwaysbeencommonpl ace among tropical officers among couples among officers and their wives
Servinginhotclimates happen from time to time. Thank you Watson T hankyou , Watson , for teaching me morality in the army foreducatingmeinmilit arymorality .
If there is any special relationship I ftherehadbeenanything
Between Major Murphy and Mrs. Barclay, between Major Murphy and Mrs. Barclay, how could he have related the incident
Forget about the humidor? ofhisforgottencigarca se ?
It was about half past seven sir I wasabouthalfpastseven , sir ,
I was waiting at the table and I waswaitingatable.
Mrs Buckley 's O nceamonth, Mrs.
B a r c l a y   s p e n t
All going to Aldershot for charity theeveningdoingcharit yworkin Aldershot .

Where are you going in such a hurry?
W h e r e   a r e   y o u   o f f   t o   i n   s u c h   a   h u r r y ?
Clothes will be distributed at 8 o 'clock Well , the distributionofoldc lothingstarts at 8 o  ' clock , and I promised A nn M orrison
I will arrive at the work hall on time I  ' dbeatthemissionhallon time . Well if you want to get sick from it Well , ifyouwanttocatchsomef ilthydisease
Dealingwithalotofflea riddendownandouts,
I think that 's your business I supposethat  ' syouraffair .
Our destiny is so lucky We  ' vebeenfortunatewithou rlot ;
Others weren 't so lucky othershaven  ' tbeensolucky .
Don 't come back too late D on  'tbelateback. Of course not Ofcoursenot.


When Mrs Buckley came back Mrs .
B a r c l a y   m u s t   h a v e   r e t u r n e d
There must be a quarter past nine sir aboutquarterpastnine , sir .
I was in the kitchen helping cooks wash dishes I wasinthekitchenhelpin gthecookwiththedishes . There was thunder in the distance T herewasthunderinthedi stance ,
I was talking to Mrs Fanny and I was just saying to Mrs . F enning when the storm was coming thattherewasastormbre wing ,
Someone rang the bell in the living room whenthemorningroombel lrang. I went upstairs and found that Mrs. Buckley had returned. I cameupheretofindthat Mrs. Barclayhadreturned.
She was pacing back and forth in the room Mr. S hewas walking up and down this room , sir , pale and upset verypale , upset .
She looks terrible Mr. S helookedawful , sir .
you call me madam ?
Y o u   r a n g ,   m a d a m ?
Yes, Jane, can you make me a cup of tea?
Y e s ,   J a n e ,   b r i n g   m e   s o m e   t e a ,   w i l l   y o u ?
Good lady Ofcourse , madam .

Is that you Jane?
J a n e ,   i s   t h a t   y o u ?
Yes sir Yes , sir . Did I hear Mrs Buckley coming back? D id I hear Mr rs .
Bar arclaycomein ? yes sir she is in the living room Yes , sir , she  ' sinthemorningroom .
Living room? T hemorningroom? Yes sir Yes, sir.
I 'm about to make tea for her I 'mjustabouttotakeherap otoftea. Tea? What is she doing with tea so late?
T e a ?   w h a t   d o e s   s h e   w a n t   t e a   f o r   a t   t h i s   h o u r ?

I speculate that this time A ndthat , presumably ,
was the last time that any onesaw Colonel Barkley was seen alive? was the last time that any onesaw Colonel Bar arclayalive ?
Yes sir Yes , sir . Can you think of any reason Can youthinkofanyreason
Make your mistress most of the night whyyourmistresscamein to thismorningroom
Going into a living room without a fire? atthattimeofnight, whenthefirewasunlit? No sir No, sir. She often gives a deliberate D idsheoftenmakeapoint
Avoid the Colonel? of purposely avoiding the Colonel?
Have you heard them quarrel before? Hadyoueverheardthemarg uingbefore ?
As far as I know there is no Mr. N ottomyknowledge , sir . When you return from the kitchen
With Mrs. Barclay 's tea with Mrs. Barclay ' stea, you found the door locked,
You heard loud quarrels andyouheardvoicesrais ed. What did you hear? N ow , whatexactlydidyouhear ?
They were arguing Mr Theywerearguing , sir . Mrs Buckley called the Colonel a coward Mrs .
B arclay called the Colonelacoward . She said 'You have ruined my life all these years' S hesaidyouhaveruinedmy lifealltheseyears.
Mrs Buckley shouted the name 'David' Mrs.
Barrclayshoutedthename ' D avid , ' she called twice shesaidittwice .
David? David? Are you sure?
C o u l d   y o u   s w e a r   t o   t h a t ?
I heard very well sir I wasperfectlyclear , sir .
But the Colonel 's name was James Butthe Colonel 'snamewas James.
Have you ever heard Mrs Haveyoueverheard Buckley mention a man named David? Mrs.
Bar arclayrefertoanyoneca lled D avid ? no sir i think she and colonel No , sir , I don  ' tthinksheorthe C olonel
don 't know anyone called david knowanyone by the name of david .
Major Murphy 's given name was Patrick A nd M ajor M urphy  ' schristiannameis Patrick .
Did they have a visitor named Hadtheyhadanyvisitorsr ecently David recently? by thenameof David? I don 't think Mr. I don 'tthinkso, sir.
The club that was found
Throwing by Co olonel Barclay  ' sbody next to the body, have you seen it before? hadyouseenitbefore ?
No sir No, sir. The Colonel has a lot of booty that India brought back The Colonelhadseveraltroph ies from India, but not that stick but nothing like that clu b.
Are you sure Miss Stewart ?
A r e   y o u   s u r e   o f   t h a t ,   M i s s   S t e w a r t ?   是 的   先 生   Y e s ,   s i r .
I don 't know where it came from. I don 'tknowwhereitcamefrom.
Thank you for finishing asking T hankyou , thatisall .
Oh no there is one last question
Did you find it? didyoumanagetofindit ? Found Mr Yes , sir .


The Colonel lies here Mr. The Colonel waslying downher e , sir .
Head against the mantelpiece?
W i t h   h i s   h e a d   b y   t h e   f e n d e r ?
Yes sir Yes , sir . The blood is still clearly visible You can see the mark of the b loodstill .
But the scariest thing sir is his face Butthemostfrighteningt hingofall , sir , washisface .
His face? His face?
When I turned him over When I rolledhimover . I almost fainted when I saw it I almostfaintedawaytolo okuponit .
His face was completely twisted and very hideous. I twasallcontorted , screwedup ,
with the most horriblelo okoffearandterror .
Like he foresaw his own death? A sifhe  ' dforeseenhisowndeath ?
Very likely Mr. Q uitepossible , sir . Thank you Bates T hankyou , B ates .
what a phantom what a ghost What apparition , whatmonsterwasit
Make the Colonel so fearful that could have frighten ed the Colonelso .
Certainly not Nancy Barkley Not N ancy Barclay , forsure . The door is locked Mr. T hisdoorwas lockedshut , sir ,
And the key is missing and what  ' smore , the key was missing .
Gone? Missing? Yes finally we had to Yes, intheendwehadtosend
Ask a locksmith to open the door foralocksmithtoopenit .
Have you thoroughly searched for that key? Youhavemadeathoroughse archforthekey?
We have dug three feet into the ground Researched high and low . Mrs Barclay did not hold Mrs . Barclayhadn  ' tgotit ,
nor in the colonel 's pocket sir anditwasn 'tinthe Colonel 'spocket, sir.
Thank you Mrs Fanny T hankyou , Mr rs .
F e n n i n g .
Watson If the key is not on the door Watson , ifthekeywasnotinthedo or ,
Nor in Mrs Barclay and the Colonel so . . . andneither Mrs . Bar arclaynor the C olonelhadit , then - there must be a third person in the house Thentheremusthavebeena thirdperson .
Exactly Exactly,
He comes in or out through the floor-to-ceiling windows whoeitherenteredorlef tthroughthosewindows .
These are Bates ' footprints. These are the footprints of Bates ' footprints. But these are the footprints of another man.
The marks are very clear themarks are justvisible .

He entered through the floor-to-ceiling windows and came out the same way Watson Heenteredandleftthroug hthosewindows , Watson ,
We 're in the right direction we  ' reontherightsearch .

Watson, look at this Watson, lookatthis.
what is this ?
W h a t   i s   i t ?
Our opponent has an unusual companion O urentranthadasomewhat unusualcompanion . It 's a dog, right? Someone has a dog.I t  ' sadog , isn  ' tit , somebody  ' sdog ?
Who has heard of Who hoeverheardofadog
The dog runningupacurtain climbing up the curtain of the bed. Is that a cat?
What aboutacatthen ? These paw prints are not the cat 's Theseclawmarksarenotth oseofacat,
nor a monkey or any kind of norofamonkey , norofanycreature
We are familiar with the creature thatwearefamiliarwith.
I would think fromhindfoo ttoforefoot at least 1 5 inches atleast 1 5 inches .
Add the length of the head and neck Addtothatthelengthofne ckandhead, this animal is not less than two feet long youhaveacreaturenoles sthantwofeet, and the tail is longer moreifthere  ' satail.
Its stride is odd. T helengthofitsstrideis odd, which implies that it is itindicatesacreature, with long back and short legs.
An animal like a weasel or a weasel? S omethinglikeastoatora weasel ? At the same time we know it is a carnivore We ealsoknowthatitiscarn ivorous.
How did you see it?
H o w   c a n   y o u   t e l l   t h a t ?
You see why it climbs up the curtain of the bed Well youseewhatmadeitru nupthecurtain .
Canary Thecanary .
Exactly Exactly. What animal is it? Thenwhatwasthisbeast?



No I can 't I can 't betray my friend No o , I can  ' t , I cannotbetrayafriend ,
Please don 't make me pleasedon ' taskmeto.
Miss Morrison ,
When Mrs Buckley came here the night before yesterday when Mr rs .
Bar arclayleftherhousetoc omeheretwonightsago , she was happy and content shewashappyandcontent . But two hours later she went back when W henshereturnedtwohour slater ,
But she was completely changed shewasachangedwoman .
Now the police suspect she is the No owthepolicesuspecther of murderer .
It 's your responsibility to clear your friend 's reputation You ouoweittoyourfriendto clearhername . You must tell me what happened that night Youmusttellmewhathappe nedlastnight
Completely changed her thatsochangedher.
Very well I will break the silence Very well , I shall break my promise of silence
If it can really help her ifwhat I cansaycanreally helphe r . Something does happen S otherewassomething . It 's very unusual I twasmostbizarre .
I gotta say we met here I shouldexplainthatweco meacross
All sorts of destitute people allsortsofconditionso fmenhere . Yet that night Y et , theothernight ,
I saw the most peculiar I haveeverseen I have ever seen I sawthemostextraordina rycreature.
Not only did he hunchback Notonlyhadheacrookedback ,
feet still lame buthewaslame
He walked with his knees bent and walkedwithhisknees bent. He was face was face was darkly tanned, crinkled and puckered like a rotten apple.
Then I thought really I thoughttomyselfthattr uly there are so many therearesomeofusonthi searth in this world whoareburdenedwithmor ethan
A man forsaken by fate theirfairshareofmisfo rtune. What is even more strange is that T hisvisionwasmademoreu nusual that man is also dressed in oriental garb bytheorientalgarbthem anwaswearing.
I pointed it to Nancy I pointed this personoutt o N ancy
The man seemed to be in special need of help assomeoneespeciallyde servingofhelp . Nancy was in good spirits that night N ancyhadindeedbeeningo odspiritsthatevening , I saw her approach the man and I sawhergotowardstheman
Ask him if he needs to take care of andaskhimifheneededas sistance . That 's when Nancy changed I twasnowthatachangecam eover N ancy . She had a few words with the man S hehadbegunaconversati onwiththemanwhensudde nly
His face suddenly paled allthecolordrainedfromherface.
S helookedasthoughsheha dseenaghost looked like hell. The man also seemed to be greatly affected. Theman, too, seemedtobestrangelyaf fected
Seeing her face bythesightofher, I saw him waving vigorously and I sawhimgeticulatingwi ldly.
Then Nancy and the man in the hall Well , N ancy and the manwenttoaq uietcorner found a quiet corner to talk ofthehalllandtheytalke dtogether and talked for a while forafewmomentsorso
I heard a roar from the man before I heard anangryshout from theman and then saw him dash out the door with his fists and saw him stormout , wavinghisfistsintheai r .
Nancy what 's up N ancy , whatisit ,
Are you all right? areyouallright?
Who is that poor fellow ?
W howasthatpoorcreature ? is an old acquaintance of mine I t  ' sanoldacquaintanceofm ine
Fallenonhardtimes now. Promise me Annie you won 't take this P romiseme, Annie, youwon  'tsayanything
Tell anyone promise me about thistoanyone, promiseme.
Of course I promise as long as it is your request Ofcourse, I promise, ifyousowish.
What about the identity of this man? A ndtheidentityofthisman ? I guess you would ask I thoughtyoumightaskmet hat .
Nancy left Well , afterthisterriblehappening , Nancyleft after this terrible thing happened .
I asked naturally
those who come frequently amongsomeoftheregular s ; suchanunusuallookingc reature
Of course it is interesting hasofcourseattracteda attention . It turns out he is a veteran who recently came back from India I tappearsheisanoldsold ierrecently back from India , who is not familiar with andnooneknowsanything else
His background abouthisbackground only knows that he is entertaining the troops by entering thetroo ps , conjuringtricks ,
Such means to make a living that kindofthing.
Did you mention him to the police?
A n d   d i d   y o u   t e l l   t h e   p o l i c e   a b o u t   h i m ?
Of course no one promises O fcoursenot , apromiseisapromise .
Yes of course Yes , ofcourse . Many thanks to Miss Morrison T hankyou , Miss M orrison .


That is the intruder 's four-legged companion, Thatisourintruder ' sfour-footedcompanion.
It 's a mongoose. It 's samongoose.
I think we have found the true master I thinkwe  ' vefoundourman .


I think you are Mr Henry Wood who served in India .
H e n r y   W o o d ,   I   b e l i e v e ,   l a t e   o f   I n d i a .
Can I talk to you?
M a y   I   h a v e   a   w o r d ?
talk about what ?
W h a t   a b o u t ?
About the Killing of Colonel James Buckley A littlematter of Colonel James Barklay  ' sdeath .


She is innocent you have to believe me S he  ' sinnocent , you can take my wordforit .
Then you are guilty Thenyouareguilty .
No I am not guilty No o , I amnotguilty .
So who knocked down the colonel?
T h e n   w h o   s t r u c k   t h e   C o l o n e l   d o w n ?
God killed him I twasajust P rovidence that killed him ,
he himself was burdened with conscience hisownguiltyconscience e .
I think you 'd better explain clearly I thinkyou ' dbetterexplain .
oh my god if i broke his head My God , if I hadsmashedhisheadin , asitwasinmyhearttodo as i longed for ,
That 's what he owes me, hewouldhavegotonlywha thedeservedfromme.
No I never touched his finger No o , I neverlaidahandonhim ,
Don 't bother me at all, I wassparedthetrouble.
Let me tell my story I  'lltellyoumystory . I have no shame in it T hereisnocauseformetob eashamedofit .

You see now I 'm hunched like a camel Youseemenowwithmybackl ikeacamel ,
Ribs are twisted myribsallawry ,
But the former Corporal Henry Wood buttherewasatimewhen C orporal Henry Wood was the most dashing man in the Milos regiment wasthesmartestmaninth e R oyal M allows . Are you in the same regiment as Colonel Buckley ?
Youwereinthesameregime ntas C olonel Barclay ? oh yes but that was him or Jim Buckley
We have another thing in common and wehadsomethingelse incommon , both deeply in love with wewerebothinlove
The same woman Nancy Devoy withthesamewoman, Nancy D evoy. Her father was W howastedaughter
Regiment Sergeant Major of the Regimental S ergeant M ajor . Two men love her T hereweretwomenwholove dher , but she loves only one of them butonlyonewhomshelove d .

She . . . you must think it 's funny
Won Nancy 's love that N ancylovedme . It was me who she loved all the time I wastheoneshelovedalla long . But though I occupied her heart Butalthough I hadherheart ,
Her father disapproved of herfatherdidn  ' tapproveofme .
Although I am an informal and somewhat reckless person I wasaharum - scarum , recklesssortoflad ,
But I am also loyal and very frank but I wasalwayshonestandpla indealingaswell .
Oh Nancy 's father wanted her to marry Barkley Oh , N ancy  ' sfatherwantedhertomar ry Barclay .
Don 't take Nancy notlikemewhotook Nancy like me to places his father doesn 't like toplacesherfatherdidn 'tlike.
In addition, Barkley was educated Besides, Barclayhadhadaneducati on, and was about to be promoted to officer hewasalreadymarkedfor thesword-belt. Diweiai naturally felt that Barkley RSMD evoynaturallythought Barclay
And his daughter is the match for the better matchforhisd aughter . But she was true to me Butsheremainedtruetome , we were going to get married andwewouldhavemarried
If it wasn 't for the riot haditnotbeenfortheM utiny .
It was the rainy season of 1857 I twasmonsoontimein 1857 , when the S epoysroseupagainst the British .
Our regiment was sniped at Bodi T heregimentwasshutupin B hurtee . More than ten thousand rebels surrounded us T herewere 1 0 , 0 0 0 rebelsroundus ,
The airtight iron barrel is generally pinningusdownliketerr iersroundaratcage .
The column that General Neill is marching into the interior of wehad to communicate with General Neill  ' scolumn must be contacted thatwasmovingup - country . This is the only way to be rescued I twasouronlychancetoge thelp .

The commander of our company wanted a volunteer O urcompanycommanderhad asked foravolunteer , a smart and strong warrior sneaked out of the camp afit , strongsoldiertoslipou tofthegarrison
Take advantage of the night to inform atdeadofnightandmakec ontact to find the rescue column on the plain withthereliefcolumnou tontheplainbeyond. Like a fool, I volunteered L ikeafool, I volunteered.
It was a dangerous mission I twasadangerousmission allright ,
Thousands of lives are at risk therewerea 1 , 0 0 0 livesinperil .
But I only care about one of them . . .
B ut I wasthinkingofonlyoneo fthem . . . Nancy D evoy ,

thewoman I loved , andthefinestgirl
The most vibrant woman thateverhadthebreatho flifebetweenherlips.
Saying goodbye to her is the hardest part: Sayinggoodbyetoherwast hehardestthing.
We exchanged love tokens A sweexchangedmementos , I neverthoughtthat
This parting is 30 years I wassayinggoodbyetoher for 30 years
Crossing the enemy blockade late at night through theenemylinest hatnight, Sergeant Barkley S ergeant Barclay. He said he had
The surrounding terrain couldn 't be clearer aroundthegarrisonbett erthananyother .While I volunteered to make thej ourney , Jim Barkley volunteered to guide me when I volunteered to find rescue
best route of action onthebestroutetotake .
After that S o , justafterthen ,
While my comradesgaveme covering fire , I set off I setoff .

Buckley told me to walk along the stream B arclayhadtoldmetofoll owastream to a small canyon which would lead toagull y .
He said it was the safest way down the mountain T his , hesaid , was the safest way downhi ll .
His directions are useful H isdirections wereperfe ct
I soon wade through the biting river andsoon I waswadingthroughicywa ter where yesterday was the snow in the Himalayas thatonlythedaybeforeh adbeensnowinthe Himalayas .

I could see the rebel camp and the lights
But I hid well but I kept welldown,
escaped the sight of the sentry outofsightoftheirsent ryposts . I thought I was safe when I got to the little canyon I cametothegullyandthou ght I wassafe .
Immediately after I was attacked Then I wasattacked.
Heavy hit me in the headS omethinghardcrackeddo wnonmyhead lost consciousness and everythingspunarou nd .
When I woke up I was tied up like a chicken When I cameto , I wastrusseduplikeachic ken
Also hanging from a tree and hanging from a tree .
My arms are like living from M yarmsfeltasthoughthey ​​werebeingwrenched
The knuckles ripped apart outoftheir sockets . I don 't care about the pain my worst I didn  ' tmindthepain , but I wassickatheart
is failing to complete the mission forhaving failedinmymi ssion . What will be their fate for those who are waiting to be rescued?
I   h a d   b e e n   t r y i n g   t o   s a v e ?
But the biggest shock is from Butthebiggestblowcamea s I listened
Some words from the mouth of the rebels towhat I could understandofareb els  ' talk .
I found myself betrayed I heardenoughtorealizet hat I hadbeenbetrayed .
The man who pointed me in the directionT heverymanwhohadshownm ethewaytotake
actually betrayed me to the enemy hadbetrayedmetotheene my .
Barkley did not hesitate to get rid of me Bar arclayhadgotridofme
Just to get my girl tomakesurehe could have mygirl .
Now you know James Barkley 's cruelty Now, youknowwhat James Barklaywascapableof.
It turned out that General Neill 's column Well, it turned out that General Neill  ' scolumn was already on his way to rescue Birdy wasalreadyonitswaytor elieve B hurtee .
The rebels retreated T herebelsretreated ,
They took me theydraggedmeawaywith them. Tortured me in every way I wastortured. I tried to escape and got caught and tortured I triedtoescape, I wastorturedagain.
How many years have passed since I twastobemanyalongyear before I saw a white face again before I sawanotherwhiteface .
My captors fled north into the mountains M ycaptorsflednorth , further into the hills ,
Treat me as a slave and used measasortofsla ve .
These bastards broke almost every bone in me and theydamnnearbrokee veryboneinmybody . Sometimes I prefer they kill me Sometimes I  ' dwishthey ​​ ' djustkilledme
But my disgust for the man who ruined my life butmythoughtsofhatred andloathingfortheman
And hatred sustains me whodestroyedmylifekep tmegoing. I dreamed of revenge on Barkley every day

One day some Afghantribesmen
Killed the rebels that guarded me murdered therebels that held meprisoner . Leave me there to fend for themselves Theyleftmefordead , too .
But a miracle happened I am still alive Butbyamiracle , I stilllived .
So I like to avenge those who did violence to me So, I hadmyrevengeonmytorturers, but Barkley has long gone but Barclaywasbeyondmygras p. As for Nancy Andwhatof Nancy,
I don 't know if she is alive or dead I hadnomeansofknowingwh ethershewasaliveordea d .

I wandered back to Punjab (India) I wanderedback to the P unjab ,
live among the natives and livedamongthenativ es ,
I 've learned a lot from the street magicians, picking up a living by the conjuringtricks. Why should I expect that I 'm a lame Whatusewasitforme, awretchedcripple,
Even by boat back to England togetpassagebackbyshi pto E ngland
What 's the use of reuniting with old comrades in the regiment? andmakemyselfknowntom yoldcomradesintheregi ment ?
The fury of revenge on Jim Barkley didn 't let me do that either E venrevengeon Jim Bar arclaydidn  ' tmakemego . No I . . . Straight up No o, II  ' lltellyoustraight ,
I prefer my Nancy and myoldpals
Old comrades continue to believe in the R oyal M allowstogoonbelieving
Don 't want them to see me bow my knees thanseehimcrawlingabo uttheworld
Crawling like an orangutan, not humanoid, morelikeachimpanzeeth anahumanbeing.
But you still came back Butyoudidreturn , back to Aldershot where your regiment was stationed Why? andto Aldershotwhereyouroldr egimentwasstationed, why?I just wanted to see the old countryoncemorebefore I died.
I saved what I saved and finally set off by boat. I savedwhat I couldandeventually I gotaship.
I didn 't know the regiment was still stationed at Aldershot I didn  ' tknowtheregimentwasst ationed herein Aldershot ,
I just want to go back to where the warriors are I justwantedtobewhereth ereweresoldiers.
I could make a living in restaurants everywhere I couldearnmykeepgoinga roundthecanteens juggling them doingmytrickstoentert ainthem.
the fire of vengeance the fire of revenge has burned low over them ars . . .
until i saw her till i sawher .
I think I should be more British I thought I  ' dbettergetsome E nglishtongs , I was already funny I lookedcomicalenoughwi thoutwearing can 't wear these foreign clothes theseforeignclothesth ewholetime .
At first I concentrated on picking one piece Atfirst , I was more interested in finding
Thicker coats don 't care much athickovercoatthanloo kingatthecharity
The charity ladies who handed out items whoweredolingth emout .
Then one of them came over The henoneofthemcameover ,
I recognized her immediately I recognized heratonce ,
She 's barely changed and still pretty she  ' dhardlychanged , stillbeautiful .
What amazes me even more is that she . . . What  ' smoreamazingisshe -
She seems to know me sheseemedtoknowme .
Good evening can I help you? G oodevening , can I help you ? You find what you need . .
H aveyoubeenabletofinda nythingthat - Sorry I thought . . . I  ' msorry , I thought I . . .
Nancy is me Henry Nancy , itisme , Harry .
Don 't be intimidated by me D on  ' tbeafraid .
I thought you hadbeendead these 30 years . I did die . . . I havebeen . . .
I thought I would never see you again I thought I wouldneverseeyouagain .

We chatted for a while We espokeforamomentortwo together .
I told her something about me I told her some of my story .
I shouldn 't have told her I shouldhavesparedtelli ngher her husband is a traitor thatherhusbandwasatra itor but I blurted out butitallcamepouringou tofme,
30 years of hate. She was shocked by what I said. Shewassoeffectedbywhat I said,
I couldn 't stand it anymore I couldn 'tstandit .
I ran away, I went outside, then I saw her walking out of the workshop then I sawhercomeoutofthemission so I followed her home and I followedherhome.
I saw her go into that house and a light came on I sawhergointothehouse, alightcameon.
I watched her sit on the chair I sawhersittinginachair .
Then he went into that room A ndthenhecameintothero om . James I have to talk to you about James , I havetotalktoyou .
Why are you locking the door? W hyareyou locking thatdo or .
You have a man outside You  ' vebeenwithsomeone . No . . . No o -
You are looking for a man behind my back Youhavebeenwithsomeone .
no. . .
No -
Who is it?
W h o   i s   i t ?
you ruined my life . . you  ' veruinedmylife .
All these years, alltheseyears.
oh how could you do that . . .
O h , howcouldyoudosuchathi ng - Mrs Barclay your tea Mrs. Barclay , yourtea .
Such a cruel thing itwasevil.
I hate you I hate you I hate you I hate you I hateyou , I hateyou , I hateyou , I hateyou .
No N o - saw him grab her hand T oseehimlayahandonher I was furious madememadwithanger .
My emotions conquer all M yfeelingsovercameme -
David David - Your tea lady Yourtea , madam . David you betrayed him David , youbetrayedhim .
It 's not true It 's not true. But he 's alive I tell you I saw him B uthe  'salive , I tellyou , I  ' veseenhim .
You lie you are crazy You  ' relying , you  ' remad .






I 've never seen a person with that look. Helookedas I haveneverseenamanlook.
I can clearly feel the breath of death on his face I readdeathonhisfaceasp lainasanything .
My sudden appearance is like a bullet T hebaresightofmewaslik eabullet
pierced his guilty heart throughhisguiltyheart.
Mrs Buckley Mrs Buckley open the door Mrs.
B a r c l a y ,   M r s .
Barclay, openthedoor. He hit the mantelpiece, Hesmashedontothefender.
He died before he fell. Hewasdeadbeforehefell.


Mrs Buckley Mrs Buckley open the door Mrs.
B a r c l a y ,   M r s .   B a r c l a y ,   o p e n   t h e   d o o r .
I took the key from Nancy I took thekeytothedoorfr om N ancy  ' shand ,
I wanted to open the door for help intenttoopenitandg ethelp .
On second thought I have to run away I thought I  ' dbettergetaway
Otherwise, I can 't wash orthingsmightlookblac kagainstme. In a hurry, I put the keys in my pocket. I nhaste, I thrustthekeyintomypoc ket
While catching the escape cage whilst I waschasing T eddy ,
Teddy who  ' escaped from his box and runupacurtain .
Teddy Teddy .
So the Colonel died S o , the Coloneldied before hitting the mantelpiece? hestruckhisheadonthef ender?
A napoplecticfit , brought on byshock .
Mr. Wood assumed that the forensic medical examiner also Mr. Wood, provided the coronerreaches came to the same conclusion then Mrs. Buckley thesame conclusion, Mrs.
Barclay - Nancy Nancy.
will be free. I believe you will not object to repeating the whole thing about I trustyouwouldhavenoobjection to the police torepeatingyourstoryt othepolice,
Once needed? shouldtheneedarise ?
How is Mr. Holmes Nancy now? Mr. r.
H olmes , howis N ancy ? She is in the hospital S he  ' sinhospital . As far as I know she will recover well I understandintimeshesh ouldmakeacompletereco very .
Thank goodness T hank God .




Hi Ann, nice to meet you Hello, A nn, howlovelytoseeyou.
are you feeling better ?
A r e   y o u   b e t t e r ?
Yes I 'm much better Yes, I 'muchbetter.
There 's only one thing about Sherlock Holmes that I don 't understand yet, there  ' sjustonething I don  ' tunderstand .
If the Colonel 's name is James I fthe Colonel  ' snamewas James ,
And Wood was called Henry or Harry and Woodwascalledeither Henryor Harry ,
Who is David then? thenwhothedeucewas David? My dear WatsonM ydear Watson,
The name David should have told me thatname D avidshouldhavetoldme
the whole story if i was really the whole story as you like to describe had I been theidealreasoner ,
The words of the master of reasoning whichyouaresofondofde picting.
But alas I failed to deduce Butalas, mypowersofdeductionfa iled. You see David here Yousee, David, inthiscase,
is a reproach wasvidently used asate rmofreproach . Reproach? R eproach ?
D on  ' tyyourememberhow K ing David
Sent Uriah the Hittite into the forefront of the battlefield to die in order to have a chance ofthe battletodiesotha themight to capture his woman Bathsheba? stealhiswoman, Bathsheba?
I think this story I thinkyouwillfindthest ory
You will find inthefirstorsecondboo kof Samuel in the first or second book of Samuel. I don 't know much about the old testament M yoldtestamentisalittl erusty .

Well said Sherlock Holmes You  ' requiteright , Holmes ,
2 Samuel 11:14-17 Il Samuel, 11:14-17.
You have obviously checked Youappeartohavelookedi tupyourself
Just after we got back from Aldershot since wereturnedhomefr om Aldershot.
How did you know ?
H o w   d i d   y o u   k n o w ?
You took this picture of us at Waterloo Restaurant Youusedthisbillforourm eal
Bookmark your bill isn 't it? at Waterlooasabookmarker , didyounot ? Pretty Watson E xcellent , Watson .
Elementary , mydear Holmes .
Good night old fellow G oodnight , oldfellow .


