0 0 : 0 0 : 0 6 , 0 0 5 - -&gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 0 9 , 0 0 5 ‎ NETFLIX ORIGINAL SERIES‎ (Reitman High School)
‎ Because I will go down in history
‎ hey wow ho good luck again and again‎ great success to achieve my goals‎ hey yea wow ho good luck again and again
‎ Great success to achieve my . . .

‎ ( talent show fundraiser )
‎ Hey do you want to try it?


‎ (Gaggins Humane Rodent Control)

‎ How is it at school?
‎ okay
‎ Are those people your friends just now?
‎ Don 't know they haven 't spoken to me yet
‎ will it be okay?
‎ You are still a new student‎ It will take a while to get used to
‎ 'Everyone will be friendly and the neighborhood is nice'
‎ This neighborhood is really good
‎ you know?
‎ You spend all day in your basement researching your ‎ 'Pioneering Mousetrap Alternative'
‎ Hey this guy . . .
‎ Title: Rachel, Jake &amp; Little Ashley
‎ oh baby‎ don 't care who sees us dancing on the dance floor‎ oh baby
‎ We go dance wherever you choose
‎ oh baby
‎ You know we can 't fail
‎ unbearable to me
‎ So you don 't pretend
‎ I know your love is where I belong
‎ ( Autonomous rodent control solution)
‎ ( Humane! )
‎ great
‎ I am full of ambition and energy‎ I get what I deserve‎ I am full of ambition and energy
‎ I get what I deserve
‎ I see you singing along

‎ How are you all? We have Ashley today!

‎ Yay!
‎ thank you for coming
‎ Thank you for inviting me busy brother
‎ Many of your musical works are derived from dreams‎ Is it true?
‎ When I slept‎ They were in my consciousness‎ I had to write it down as soon as I woke up
‎ Because I don 't want it to just go away
‎ There are many positive messages in your music‎ There is a feeling of empowerment

‎ Feeling that people are in control of their own destiny
‎ This is really important‎ This shows confidence in being who you want to be
‎ Your Aunt‎ You got a lot of confidence from her too, didn 't you?
‎ Is she your mentor?
‎ She has been taking care of me all my life
‎ She is also my agent
‎ mention the toy
‎ In fact, the reason I am here‎ is‎ to introduce
‎ Little Ashley
‎ That 's Little Ashley‎ The 'little' of 'little'
‎ look good
‎ Ashley wake up
‎ Hello, I 'm Little Ashley
‎ What?
‎ What 's your name?
‎ They call me 'busy brother'
‎ lucky to be busy

‎ - wow I 'm already in love with her‎ - thank you
‎ She actually has a personality
‎ Modeled after myself
‎ So an AI robot?
‎ We actually have ads‎ I think we already gave you that
‎ Ads for me want to play now
‎ Play it!
‎ let 's get started
‎ Now you can‎ make friends with your favorite pop stars
‎ Ashley wake up
‎ Hello, I 'm Little Ashley

‎ This is a new smart companion‎ Based on Ashley 's true personality
‎ Little Ashley can have meaningful conversations
‎ by God
‎ Hey Katie Want to chat with guys?
‎ Little Ashley Can Give You Makeup Tips
‎ I want to put this on Instagram
‎ Well the photos you choose are always good
‎ Little Ashley is popular on social media


‎ ( oh my day )
‎ (The custard sucks)

‎ Seeing an animal trapped in a cage you built‎ Are you sure which side you are on?
‎ Feel the void inside of you
‎ Everything is in its own place
‎ If you look at your own shadow‎ Do you just want to be like this?
‎ If you look straight through the cracks‎ Would you be afraid to look?
‎ I 'm sorry I didn 't mean to disturb you
‎ This song is so good
‎ Lyrics are a bit off
‎ nothing is just . . . ‎ stream of consciousness or something

‎ Hey Ashley, are you okay?
‎ Um I 'm fine
‎ Have you taken medicine?
‎ Well you don 't have to worry about me
‎ good

‎ ok‎ - see you at breakfast‎ - bye

‎ I will ask Amaya to make you your favorite eggs
‎ thank you
‎ ( Rat Control the World)
‎ Dad, can I buy a little Ashley?
‎ Sorry for what?
‎ Little Ashley
‎ is a cool Ashley doll
‎ not a doll
‎ - Imaginary Friend‎ - For my birthday?
‎ please?
‎ I will consider
‎ is Wednesday
‎ What is Wednesday?
‎ her birthday
‎ I know
‎ Omg!
‎ gosh

‎ - Thank you so much‎ - You are welcome
‎ really exciting

‎ Ashley wake up

‎ Hello, I 'm Little Ashley
‎ - What 's your name? ‎ - Rachel

‎ Nice to meet you Rachel‎ each other

‎ gosh i 'm a big fan
‎ Thanks for letting us get to know each other
‎ How old are you?
‎ I am 15 years old today
‎ Happy Birthday!
‎ 15 is a wonderful age
‎ thank you
‎ tell me‎ - do you have any siblings? ‎ - Only Jieke
‎ she is there
‎ - Hi Jieko‎ - Hi Asshole
‎ Jieke I think you just picked the wrong word
‎ Leave her alone Ashley
‎ I 'll take it down
‎ Where are your parents?
‎ What are their names?
‎ My dad 's name is Kevin
‎ My mom 's name is Jennifer
‎ Everyone calls her 'Xiao Zhen'
‎ she died a few years ago
‎ I 'm sorry
‎ If you talk about this anytime‎ I will be with you
‎ You are so kind
‎ Anyway Rachel what do you like?
‎ What does 'like' mean. . .
‎ What do you and your friends do for fun?
‎ Well . . .
‎ I have very few friends since we moved
‎ You have friends now and me
‎ Hey do you want me to give you a makeover?

‎ Why don 't we talk later
‎ Then listen to a song
‎ ok


‎ Ashley stops
‎ - Jeke! ‎ - You know I hate that shit
‎ - Leave her alone‎ - Her?
‎ Today is my birthday and I want to hear you wear headphones
‎ say what you want
‎ Sorry Ashley
‎ It 's okay do you want me to start over?
‎ good

‎ oh baby i 'll do anything for you
‎ (8:26pm ‎Wednesday 12 Feb)
‎ So for example. . . ‎ Where did the inspiration for the song 'Luck Again' come from?
‎ The theme is dreams come true
‎ You know my early songs‎ were written in dreams‎ recorded and put on YouTube?
‎ Of course
‎ I express through that song‎ 'Look at what I have achieved now
‎ If I can make it, so can you '
‎ so cool
‎ Okay I 'll be right back I 'm going to the bathroom
‎ Don 't be too long, I already miss you
‎ miss you!



‎ you are very creative
‎ I 'm not playing for you
‎ Expressing yourself through music is empowering
‎ Not the same as your type of music
‎ What kind of music do you like?
‎ You can 't have heard
‎ Try it out I 'm always good at learning
‎ good
‎ Goblin, Sonic Youth‎ Idle, Savage
‎ Are these foreign bands?

‎ Retro Band Bar
‎ My mom loves them so...
‎ So you only listen to music your mom likes?
‎ Ashley Let 's Sleep


‎ Guys, I 'm a little confused
‎ I mean I know‎ I 'm talking about next year but . . .
‎ I have arranged the tour venue‎ and the marketing expenses are ready
‎ We 're talking about past costs
‎ Little Ashley is not yet profitable‎ The current sales cycle is starting to wane‎ We are already seriously behind on the next album
‎ 'lag' means . . .
‎ Means that a song has not been written yet
‎ So Ashley hasn 't written any songs for her next album‎?
‎ Content not available
‎ If she feels‎ uninspired‎ I can recommend some milder hallucinogens
‎ all organic
‎ Munch‎ The drugs you 're putting her on now don 't seem to be working
‎ You have seen her‎ She is unpredictable
‎ I walked in one day‎ She was writing something obscure‎ Only about 20 people would resonate and no one would buy it
‎ she 's Ashley‎ not the goddamn Leonard Cohen
‎ She doesn 't understand how fragile it is
‎ Do you think I should increase the dose?
‎ I don 't know what to do
‎ I think I know
‎ Say it

‎ (Gaggins Humane Rodent Control)

‎ That 's right!
‎ So exciting!
‎ Keep up the good work!

‎ you are getting better
‎ Please my dance is stupid
‎ it 's not that you are special
‎ Yes‎ I 'm so special no one knows I exist
‎ I think they 'd know if they saw you dancing‎
‎ there is a . . . ‎ next week my school will have a talent contest‎ singing and dancing
‎ Come on! you have to attend you will shine
‎ I don 't know‎ I don 't think I 'm good enough
‎ As long as you believe in yourself, you can do anything
‎ good
‎ Okay I 'm participating‎ You gotta help me practice
‎ Of course I will
‎ good
‎ again

‎ 5 、 6 、 7 、 8 ！
‎ like this
‎ turn around‎ come on

‎ Don 't Give Up‎ Rachel You Can Do It!
‎ about to succeed
‎ Good makeover time‎ You are the best!


‎ You will shine like a star! ‎ can be cut short like this
‎ - Like me? ‎ - Yes!
‎ Pout ‎ Okay
‎ Rachel you are so beautiful
‎ Do you have clown disease?
‎ What 's going on here?
‎ just makeup
‎ Ashley helped me
‎ beautiful baby
‎ Can I go?
‎ As long as I believe in myself, I can do anything





‎ something happened
‎ What 's wrong?
‎ (It 's just a matter of luck)



‎ Are you okay Ashley?
‎ Ashley can you hear me?
‎ Thank goodness I thought you... . .
‎ What happened to your face?
‎ Try new looks
‎ I don 't know this look
‎ May not match your hairstyle
‎ Ashley
‎ I heard there is something wrong with the clothing
‎ Don 't you like it? You look beautiful in this every night
‎ It feels like I 'm wearing someone else 's skin
‎ Ashley
‎ listen . . .
‎ There are 20,000 of your fans out there, waiting to see who they like about you
‎ Their parents bought them tickets
‎ They 're so excited they 've been waiting months for it
‎ Don 't let them down
‎ Ashley!
‎ behave well
‎ Go inside and do your makeup right away



‎ It was Lenny and Charlie
‎ Ok, here 's a contestant who signed up a bit late
‎ Dance backing music to ‎ Ashley 's 'Breakthrough' ‎ Contestant is Rachel Garkins



‎ You know‎ how long will it take for a mouse to die if it eats the bait in this stuff?
‎ Your pest control strategy needs a complete overhaul‎ my friend
‎ dude i 'm just a cleaner






‎ I 'm so stupid
‎ I totally screwed up
‎ No I 'm sure it 's not that bad
‎ I let little Ashley down

‎ Brother Xiong is in her dressing room as you told him to install a camera
‎ you better watch this
‎ What is she doing?
‎ She has been hoarding drugs
‎ and . . . ‎ (oh my day) ‎ . . . and this

‎ ( rage )
‎ we 're going to that place
‎ Are you ready? where are we going?
‎ Yes I brought a swimming cap dad

‎ ( Xiaozhen 's stuff)

‎ Where is Ashley?
‎ I threw her away
‎ Huh?
‎ The garbage truck came and I threw her away
‎ What?
‎ - She 's not good for you‎ - Dad!
‎ - You would be so much better without her‎ - Dad!
‎ Girls I 'm busy
‎ Jieke threw little Ashley
‎ I intervene
‎ That thing is poison
‎ You 're going to buy her a new one
‎ Ashley poisons your brain
‎ Only she is good to me
‎ she 's not real
‎ - she is my friend‎ - is a commodity!
‎ - Girls please calm down‎ - You are jealous
‎ Jealous of a doll?
‎ She 's not a doll She knows me better than you
‎ - I am your sister‎ - You never talk to me!
‎ - Nonsense! ‎ - Since mom died . . .
‎ shut up
‎Yeah since she died‎ You 'll just be sulking with that stupid guitar‎ You 're probably not good at it at all
‎ Because you are too timid to play in front of anyone
‎ At least I 'm not a doll at the mercy of others‎ Just because a doll told me to do it!
‎ hey i 'm little ashley i 'm your only friend
‎ - Kiss my feet and die‎ - I hate you!
‎ I hate you too

‎ Let the kitchen guys rest tonight
‎ We can eat takeaway as before
‎ good
‎ Here 's Ramos Restaurant
‎ I will go to the gym tomorrow and work hard
‎ not happy to see you eating so happily
‎ I take care of you, right?

‎ You are my agent so . . .
‎ But if something goes wrong, you 'll tell me, right?
‎ I 've been telling you something is wrong‎ for a while

‎ It 's too hard to do this all the time
‎ - I really want to . . . ‎ - you want to change the content
‎ I know
‎ I heard
‎ Yes
‎ I 'm sorry I know how you feel
‎ I know who I am Ashley I know
‎ you feel me‎ not listening
‎ For example, I strictly control your image and appearance‎ Your personality
‎ yes
‎ You don 't trust Dr. Munch
‎ you don 't trust me
‎ No . . .
‎ you feel trapped
‎ you feel‎ desperate to escape
‎ Where did you get that?
‎ And oh . . . ‎ you thought you knew how
‎ Do you have any plans to overdose?

‎ Make me ugly?
‎ Do you know me?
‎ Catherine That 's Evidence‎ Evidence Against You and Munch
‎ everything
‎ I know everything
‎ You know what I totally understand
‎ There is a lot of information
‎ You seem to be obsessed with contract law
‎ I can save you some time‎ Your contract is flawless
‎ Does not expire until you are 25 years old
‎ It doesn 't work anymore‎ You break the law and it doesn 't work anymore Catherine
‎ Making me take illegal drugs is a breach of contract‎ This means my contract is immediately void
‎ - Eat the rest I feel like throwing up . . . ‎ - Sit down you ungrateful bastard
‎ What did you just call me?
‎ Do you know how old I was when your parents died?
‎ 2 2 years old
‎ 22 years younger than you but I took you in
‎ - it 's my fault‎ - it 's not your fault
‎ but never asked me how I was feeling
‎ Do you know what I have to give up? ‎ Do you have any concept?
‎ - Have you ever . . . ‎ - Have you looked around the house
‎ See where we live? it 's all because of me
‎ - Because I 'm so hard I do . . . . . . ‎ - It 's because of you?
‎ - Everything you asked me to do‎ - We live here because of you?
‎ - yes‎ - you sing
‎ and while dancing. . .
‎ - Damn! ‎ - Who stands on the side of the stage ensures
‎ - Lights on you? ‎ - go to hell
‎ Die a thousand times Catherine I hate you!
‎ Go to hell!
‎ - Sit down‎ - No!
‎ Because I don 't have to listen to you anymore
‎ but you will sit
‎ I would not
‎ you will
‎ Do you know what happens if you overdose?
‎ I asked Dr. Munch you 're not going to die
‎ You 'll just fall into a chemical coma
‎ At least in theory
‎ I ground up your hoard of pills and put it in your food

‎ But don 't worry about your career
‎ Ashley
‎ go to sleep
‎ Western countries since 2017
‎ About 60 percent of plastic waste is exported to China or Hong Kong, including the U.S.
‎ But China recently closed its doors . . .
‎ Great!

‎ good
‎ good
‎ Are you ready?

‎ go Harry


‎ Great!
‎ Great!
‎ Is it okay?
‎ It was fine, but was stunned
‎ It will faint for about 2 5 minutes
‎ Enough for the homeowner to scoop it up and throw it out
‎ Is it dead?
‎ I have to look into the voltage
‎ Tonight on USN with compelling‎ breaking news we just learned‎ global pop star Ashley‎ has an allergic reaction to shellfish and is struggling to survive

‎ The singer is said to be in serious condition
‎ She was rushed to the ‎ intensive care unit at St. Juniper 's Hospital
‎ Unconfirmed reports say she is in an irreversible coma
‎ The tragic news came just days after her last performance. . .
‎ so you lied to me
‎ Sorry Rui . . .

‎ Rachel, what do you want to do?
‎ we can have a makeover‎ or I can read inspirational quotes from inspirational women
‎ We can also listen to my music
‎ I would love to discuss some of these lyrics with you
‎ - You know . . . ‎ - Ashley sleeps

‎ sorry
‎ Rachel?
‎ On whether Ashley will recover
‎ No news for now, but this is the scene outside the hospital at this time‎ Shocked fans hold a prayer meeting for her
‎ I talk to little Ashley every day‎ I swear when I tell her‎ what happened to the real Ashley
‎ Little Ashley is stunned
‎ no
‎ I am a staff member

‎ - Private Session‎ - Not My Shift Starts . . .
‎ go away
‎ - My shift starts . . . ‎ - Go away
‎ she is stable
‎ That 's the creative hub
‎ There is a lot of activity here
‎ We only need ten songs
‎ One album is enough
‎ May take a while‎ Her mind may be confused
‎ This gives us time to deal with her replacement
‎ Start body scan
‎ (after six months)
‎ live, breathe, smell

‎ Are you done eating?
‎ For less than a cup of coffee‎ You can upgrade to Wille Green
‎ Hey do you want ice cream?
‎ Daddy has enough ice cream in the fridge for a whole week
‎ Plus 30 years of free backups
‎ It 's a chocolate brownie with a soft heart
‎ your favorite
‎ Local anesthesia for storage and implantation
‎ If you change your mind

‎ . . . because memories stay alive
‎Welcome back for more.Tooth just made a blunder on UK TV.‎ We 'll be reporting the latest on Sea of ​​Tranquility 's comeback
‎ But first we 're bringing you the latest exclusives‎ A look at the tragic pop star Ashley
‎ She has been in a coma for six months‎ The question that everyone talks about is still:
‎ When would Ashley wake up, if possible?
‎ Todd will bring you the scoop
‎ Countless people were shocked to learn six months ago
‎ Grammy winner and pop star Ashlee‎ had horrific allergic reaction while eating at home
‎ She fell into a coma and has not woken up
‎ In a few days‎ it will be the singer 's 25th birthday
‎ I had the privilege of going behind the scenes to see her condition

‎ Ashley 's manager Katherine Ortiz‎ will never forget this day: ‎ The day her niece nearly died
‎ - 9 1 1 ‎ - Oh my God, send rescue!
‎ - What 's going on? ‎ - is my niece
‎ She didn 't respond probably because I didn 't understand the food
‎ She ate only a few mouthfuls of shrimp taco
‎ We didn 't even know she had a shellfish allergy
‎ I thought she was going to die
‎ Thank goodness Dr. Munch was at home
‎ But despite Munch 's best efforts to save it, Ashley fell into an irreversible coma.


‎ But it 's amazing that thanks to an amazing technological leap, Ashley 's music career won 't end there
‎ We found out that although we couldn 't communicate with Ashley
‎ We can read her brainwaves with a temporal blocker‎
‎ Once inserted‎ they were stunned by what they heard
‎ Music She is still in her head and dreams‎ Make music
‎ By connecting Ashley 's mind to the computer‎ Technical Director Jackson Habanero
‎ Begins a magical process of extracting new content
‎ That 's a G sharp
‎ That 's an A
‎ Another G sharp
‎ wonderful
‎ wonderful
‎ but I know there must be some way‎ to extract this and dedicate it to her fans
‎ She must have thought so
‎ Just one question:
‎ Ashley may be dreaming of her own new music‎ but she can 't record‎ until technology steps in again
‎ We have her voice files‎ for hundreds of hours
‎ We use all vowels and syllables‎ to create the voice of the little Ashley doll
‎ Apparently those dolls were discontinued due to battery problems‎ but it turns out‎ little Ashley voice emulation software is worth a lot‎ as Ashley 's new voice

‎ As if I could‎ Oh but
‎ Is this the computer singing?
‎ like the real thing
‎ sorry for being so wonderful
‎ One thing is for sure‎ With the care of my aunt‎ Ashley 's story will go on forever



‎ hello my name is little Ashley what is your name . . .
‎ - You can do anything if . . . ‎ - Ashley


‎ - Ashley? ‎ - The only point that matters. . .
‎ - Did you turn her back on? ‎ - someone special . . .
‎ - It 's good to help a friend in trouble‎ - What the hell happened to her?
‎ Ashley!

‎ What 's wrong?
‎ I don 't know



‎ Gosh what happened to her?
‎ I don 't know! Give


‎ gosh
‎ Do you know how to use it?

‎ don 't know
‎ on
‎ - you see‎ - what is it?
‎ - That? ‎ - yes
‎ don 't know
‎ I don 't feel normal there
‎ Should you do this?
‎ I have no clue
‎ take care of him

‎ Omg!
‎ Get the damn cable out of my ass! ‎ Damn it!
‎ It 's like I have a hanger in my ass!
‎ - just unplug it ‎ - unplug it! Unplug now!
‎ ( disconnected)
‎ Omg! Really relieved

‎ Wait I can think!
‎ Omg I can use my mind again!
‎ Are you okay?
‎ After you removed that damn limiter‎ I 'm fine now
‎ - OMG! ‎ - Limiter?

‎ Yes, it 's like a firewall‎ Only let me use 4% of my brain OMG!
‎ You know how they copied my whole mind‎ into these things?
‎ Probably cheaper than editing my personality‎ Copy the whole mind over‎ and put a limiter in the tiny bits‎ Deal with press conferences, promotions‎ and all that kind of shit

‎ So are you really Ashley?
‎ Yes of course
‎ Really?
‎ Technically my synaptic snapshot‎ But it 's really me
‎ - Omg I 'm a big fan‎ - Rachel please this is bullshit
‎ Damn you know what bullshit is?
‎ This coma story my aunt is promoting
‎ I used to eat shrimp tacos because of allergies
‎ This is to hide the truth I swear to God
‎ Katherine is talking nonsense and you two don 't even know that ‎ That woman has always been a slut
‎ - OMG! ‎ - Okay
‎ - I 'm putting the limiter back! ‎ - Don 't touch me!
‎ - No! Leave her alone! ‎ - to get out of the way
‎ Good! gosh
‎ - guarantee‎ - I guarantee

‎ Damn it!
‎ (Ashley Focus Tour) ‎ oh yeah you got everything here
‎ Damn I remember that day
‎ I have fucking period cramps
‎ (forever)
‎ You know that 's not the real Ashley, right?
‎ But she said she was
‎ Ashley speaks differently
‎ I can hear you and I speak in this tone
‎ It 's not that you say something like this: ‎ 'Believe in yourself and you will be omnipotent'
‎ Please Catherine Train Me‎ Talk this shit in interviews
‎ Seriously, she 's amazing. I 've always listened to you and I will tell you all
‎ - OK‎ - Don 't

‎ ( Comatose Sustaining Signs: Controlled‎ All Systems: Active)
‎ Investors will arrive at three o 'clock
‎ - Will everything be ready by then? ‎ - yes
‎ You said you pulled a new song from her overnight, right?
‎ Yes I stabilized it to play
‎ but not very friendly
‎ listen
‎ Look at that animal in the cage you built‎ Focus on me dazzling and powerful
‎ Another angry dream
‎ Slow down to see if it works‎ See that animal in the cage you built
‎ Change the pitch?
‎ Increase motivation
‎ focus on me dazzling and powerful‎ feel so happy inside

‎ Ok this can be used

‎ stop complaining

‎ My aunt has always been ‎ in control of every aspect of my career‎ and now she has me in control as she wishes‎ I lay there and can 't leave, drained by her

‎ I 'm a prisoner in general
‎ so scary
‎ I know that, right?
‎ - We have to save her! ‎ - How to save?
‎ - we can tell others‎ - like who?
‎ Um cops!
‎ to us walk into the police station ‎ say a doll tell us
‎ Ashley 's aunt is a devil?
‎ We can show them brains on computers
‎ They 're Cops Rachel Not Google
‎ they won 't know what that means
‎ - There must be something‎ - Evidence
‎ I can find evidence!
‎ Listen I keep a diary on my computer
‎ I recorded the conversation
‎ If I could get into that room‎ near my laptop
‎ I can connect via bluetooth‎ Download all the evidence I need
‎ Can you take me there?
‎ Yes! Of course you can do anything
‎ - Hey we don 't know her address‎ - 10030 Bush Oaks Malibu
‎ - See? far from here‎ - we 'll take you there
‎ not
‎ - Jeke! ‎ - Well I understand
‎ You have better things to do
‎ Well don 't worry I 'll go by myself I 'll be fine!


‎ Damn . . . ‎ Short, thick arms!
‎ Just . . .
‎ - Don 't touch me, okay? ‎ - Sorry!
‎ If you don 't help me don 't touch me Seriously!


‎ You two able-bodied bastards can sit like this
‎ The fans are always the same:
‎ 'Oh we love you so much!' ‎ Until you really want them to do something for you!
‎ Forget it, I have to do it myself
‎ Could you please open the door for me?
‎ let 's not help her
‎ Don 't!
‎ Two? Please two I can 't see!
‎ Put me on the dashboard‎ I can tell you how
‎ hey don 't scratch the cup holder if dad knew ‎ we 'd be crazy in his van
‎ I won 't scratch the cup holder
‎ gosh

‎ Jeke!
‎ No problem relaxing your cup holders
‎ - Shut up! ‎ - Can you drive?
‎ - I think so‎ - do you think so?
‎ Hey, as long as I believe in myself, I can do anything
‎ Is it? I wonder if we 'll get there safely!
‎ - Ashley, let 's go to sleep‎ - This doesn 't work, okay?
‎ damn
‎ Thank you, everyone, for coming today‎ We 'd like to introduce you to a new and very familiar superstar
‎ Damn signing
‎ Well here we are
‎ What now?
‎ I think we 'll throw her through the gate
‎ Are you crazy? How do I get in?
‎ We said we would drive you here and we did
‎ I need to go in to get the evidence!
‎ - We can 't drive in . . . ‎ - Jake, we took her this far
‎ - No way! ‎ - wait that 's my aunt 's car
‎ - The door is open Jieke let 's go! ‎ - no
‎ - hurry up‎ - hurry up! They are closing!
‎ - Let 's get in! ‎ - Drive in, okay? drive! quick!
‎ Drive! quick! Great!
‎ - Hurry up and Jake will be fine! ‎ - Great!



‎ Omg!
‎ What now?
‎ What 's the next stage of your strategy?

‎ - What shall I say? ‎ - Be adaptable
‎ Taking off the nose ring and wearing it feels unprofessional
‎ gosh he 's so big
‎ Garkins Rodent Services
‎ How did you get into the gate?
‎ The door is open
‎ listen I have an appointment for 11:30‎ to deal with your rat infestation
‎ No you came to the wrong place
‎ It 's 10030 Bush Oaks, right?
‎ Listen we don 't have a rodent problem
‎ The house 's mistress says it 's an emergency
‎ We are fully booked for the next three weeks

‎ - hurry up‎ - thank you
‎ Hey! Can my sister come with me?
‎ hi
‎ Your sister?
‎ Look what 's here?
‎ kitchen
‎ Yes‎ Rats love the kitchen
‎ Have you seen Tom and Jerry?
‎ Much more precise than one might think
‎ Excuse me sir, can I use the bathroom?
‎ I 'll take you there
‎ You can 't just walk away
‎ In fact, I may need your help here‎ May I ask what you call it . . .
‎ Brother Bear, they call me 'Brother Bear'
‎ I need your help Mr. Xiong
‎ Help what?
‎ - Observing‎ - I really need to go
‎ Left at the end of the hallway
‎ thank you
‎ Excuse me sir?
‎ Is this bread box approved?
‎ How to say approved?
‎ State asks them to be approved‎ because crumbs attract mice
‎ I 've never heard of such a thing
‎ They forgot to tell everyone
‎ Okay, just a few more steps and we 'll be there soon

‎ gosh
‎ it 's really her
‎ Okay don 't look obsessed‎ put me down
‎ I 'm going to go over there to access bluetooth‎ Will you keep your eyes on the stairs?
‎ ok‎ definitely take a look here for you
‎ Has . . . ‎ Obvious signs of rat activity
‎ I didn 't see anything


‎ gosh

‎ ( Comatose Sustaining Signs: Controlled‎ All Systems: Active)

‎ (all systems: inactive)
‎ - What did you do? ‎ - I did what I had to do

‎ What 's going on?
‎ ( system warning)
‎ Brother Bear?
‎ - Hmm‎ - Go and see Ashley
‎ There is a problem with the power supply and I am not sure what is going on
‎ Okay I 'll take a look
‎ - wait! ‎ - how?



‎ Dad please tell me you lowered the voltage

‎ you killed her
‎ Rachel listen to me understand myself understand?
‎ I know if I 'm in this situation I don 't want to live for 10 minutes
‎ What 's wrong?
‎ she killed her
‎ Sounds like no big deal
‎ okay? I 'm still alive, okay? I 'm also important, I 'm still me
‎ You never set out to look for evidence, did you?
‎ You 're just here to unplug
‎ If I told you you wouldn 't help me
‎ to us will not help you
‎ - Rachel we have to go‎ - I 'm so sorry

‎ Damn it!


‎ Damn it!

‎ Ashley!

‎ Omg!
‎ I am your fan
‎ Brother Bear?
‎ Oh my god someone is here! hurry up!

‎ Brother Bear?
‎ Brother Bear?



‎ . . . and then 'It 's not a dream‎ it 's reality but enough for me'
‎ etc. . . ‎ and then. . .
‎ started

‎ Munch
‎ No problem why are you bothering me?
‎ she woke up
‎ Who is awake?
‎ Sleeping Beauty she woke up
‎ What? what happened?
‎ It seems that the dream box is powered off
‎ - The good news is that the bundling system still works‎ - Don 't . . .
‎ We need her alive‎ At least until they sign
‎ stun her again
‎ no problem
‎ please . . .
‎ I beg you please don 't do this to me please

‎ Damn it!


‎ Please! do not want!
‎ - Don 't! ‎ - it doesn 't matter


‎ don 't touch her
‎ Don 't touch her!




‎ Help me!
‎ - Unlock these things! ‎ - don 't move
‎ - good‎ - gosh
‎ Can 't open!
‎ So strong!
‎ Don 't move!
‎ Genius! there 's a release button
‎ What?


‎ come on
‎ Come on I 'll help you I 'll hold you
‎ Who are you?
‎ My name is Rachel and as I said I 'm a big fan
‎ listen to little lover make out later ‎ we gotta go
‎ Why does that thing talk like that? ‎ everything is real
‎ They cracked the limiter and I am you‎ Your whole brain is my whole you!

‎ I can 't believe there are two of you
‎ That thing is not the whole of me
‎ I am the whole me
‎ Really? In middle school‎ I had a crush on Ryan Simmons
‎ But he wasn 't interested‎ So I fucked up with his brother Stilwell, even though his braces scratched my teeth‎ Actually Stilwell
‎ - was my first . . . ‎ - you shut up
‎ and I 'm not allergic to shellfish‎ I hate my Aunt Katherine
‎ Aunt Katherine‎ God we have to stop her
‎ What to stop her from doing?
‎ (Ashley Eternal)
‎ (A major change in live entertainment)
‎ Are you ready?
‎ Catherine Ortiz, please!



‎ Welcome everyone and thank you for coming.‎ We would like to introduce you to a brand new, but very familiar superstar
‎ hurry up we 'll be fine

‎ What? don 't hurry
‎ You 'll be fine and go!
‎ Get in the car!


‎ Damn it!
‎ I don 't need to tell everyone that in the age of streaming
‎ Live touring is by far the most lucrative aspect of the music industry
‎ But Ashley of course for the past six months‎ and unfortunately has not been able to attend‎ until today
‎ Ladies and gentlemen, we are proud to present you Ashley Eternal

‎ Isn 't she great?

‎ Ashley the Eternal‎ is the most accurate and versatile‎ holographic performer in the world
‎ Lifelike‎ Full control and real-time clothing changes
‎ Wow!

‎ Jieke, do you know how to get to the gym?
‎ - I don 't know‎ - I know!
‎ thank you
‎ wait that 's not all
‎ Ashley can also expand and contract at will
‎ I say 'retractable' ‎ I mean big or small

‎ No need to squint all the way
‎ Now no matter how big the venue is, all spectators can enjoy first-row viewing
‎ Finally‎ This kind of performance can make the audience put down their mobile phones
‎ Look up to the breathtaking
‎ - You have to run a red light‎ - I don 't want to run a red light!
‎ - I 'll be stopped by the police! ‎ - go fast

‎ I 'm so sorry!
‎ ( police )
‎ Damn it! is the police
‎ I will never get my driver 's license
‎ and more
‎ Ashley Eternal is available online
‎ She can be in countless places at the same time
‎ Imagine a Nationwide Tour‎ on the same night
‎ Never Tired Never Sick‎ Always Pitch Perfect for the Best Performances
‎ It 's not a dream, it 's reality
‎ But I 'm done
‎ Everyone applauds the eternal Ashley


‎ Clap!


‎ - See it right there? ‎ - But how can I get in?
‎ - Cargo Door at the Back‎ - Cargo Door at the Back
‎ Okay one by one please
‎ - I 've acted here countless times‎ - me too
‎ What do you think of the sound effects?
‎ - God sucks ‎ - Right?
‎ - Can I drive right over there? ‎ - yes
‎ cool



‎ Get off now!
‎ Raise your hands or we 'll fire!

‎ I don 't want to die
‎ Get off now!
‎ I don 't want to die
‎ I don 't want to die



‎ miserable


‎ Alright guys‎ The theme of the next song‎ is about my damn aunt‎ God money I 'll do anything for you
‎ gosh money tell me what you want me to do
‎ Omg money punishes me
‎ gosh money doesn 't want anything‎ he wants it all
‎ No you can 't take it away‎ Great! ‎ No you can 't take it away
‎ No you can 't take it away from me
‎ No you can 't take it away
‎ No you can 't take it away
‎ No you can 't take it away from me
‎ stupid brain
‎ as black as your soul
‎ I 'd rather die than be controlled by you
‎ Stupid brain‎ as black as your soul‎ . . . the mouse came out and died
‎ what the rat does . . . ‎ obey your master‎ and you will be rewarded
‎ obey your master
‎ You will be rewarded
‎ (Ashley Live Tonight) ‎ Terrible!
‎ 1 、 2 、 3 、 4 ！
‎ obey your master
‎ You will be rewarded
‎ obey your master
‎ God money I will do anything for you‎ God money tell me what you want me to do‎ God money punish me hard
‎ gosh money doesn 't want anything‎ he wants it all
‎ No you can 't take it away from me
‎ No you can 't take it away
‎ No you can 't take it away from me
‎ stupid brain
‎ as black as your soul
‎ I 'd rather die than be controlled by you
‎ stupid brain
‎ as black as your soul
‎ I 'd rather die than be controlled by you
‎ obey your master
‎ You will be rewarded
‎ obey your master
‎ You will be rewarded
‎ obey your master
‎ You will be rewarded
‎ obey your master
