 Kites , ho !
 ALL : Kites , ho ! Excuse me .
 You 're misusing the word " ho . " It 's an interjection used to call attention
 To a destination , not an object , as in , uh , " Land , ho ! "
 Or , uh , " Westward , ho ! " ALL :
 Kites , ho !
 Hey , guys .
 Whatcha doin ' ?
 Going out to discover electricity ? If you 're referring to the work of Benjamin Franklin ,
 He did not " discover electricity , " He merely used a kite to determine
 That lightning " consists " of electricity . Also invented the Franklin stove ,
 Bifocals and the flexie urinary catheter . Kites , ho .
 We 're heading out for some kite fighting .
 " Kite ghting " ? Oh , yeah .
 It 's an extremely competitive , cutthrt sport .
 Well , actually , the risk of throat cutting is very low .
 On the other hand , severe string burn is a real
 And ever- Present danger . You want to come watch ? , gee ...
 Sounds amazing .
 But , um , I 've got some friends coming over .
 Not a big thing -- We 're just
 Gonna watch the Nebraska game . Oh . Football , sure .
 ( Sotto ve ) : Good guess .
 I would 've invited you , but I know you 're not a footbl fan . , no , I 'm not , so ... great .
 You 've got plans
 Doing something you like , I 've got plans Doing something I like , so 's good . Well , maybe we 'll hang out later --
 You know , after everybody 's gone . Yeah , great . See ya .

 Well , this sucks .
 I 'm sorry , I got bored and drifted off .
 Where exactly in the interaction did the sucking lie ?
 Leonard just realized that Penny 's been hiding him
 From her friends because he 's a tiny , little man
 Who flies kites . Oh , that certainly would suck .
 * Our whole universe was in a hot , dense state * * hen nearly 14 billion years ago expansion started ... Wait ! *
 * T Earth began to cool
 * The autotrophs began to drool , Neanderthals developed too *

 * Math , Science , History , unraveling the mystery *


 Wolowitz is trying to outflank us .
 Let out some string , add altitude
 And I 'll go under and cut his line . Why wouldn 't Penny want her friends to meet me ?
 Focus , Leonard , focus !
 The heat of battle is upon us . The dogs of war are unleashed .
 Maybe Koothrappali 's right .
 Maybe I embarrass her . You 're embarrassing me right now .
 A grown man woying about such nonsense
 When in the middle of flying kites . Sorry .
 Sorry won 't bring their kites down . Ow ! String burn !
 String burn !

 Oh , they thinkwe 're flanking
 They 're playing righ into our hands . On the count of three , we execute the flying scissor .
 One , two ...
 Whoa ! Did you see that ?
 See what ? That chick -- She smiled at me .
 No , she didn 't . Yes , she did .
 Come on , scissors , scissors !
 Hold my line . Wait . What are you doing ?
 I can 't scissors by myself ! Howard ! Come back !
 SHELDON : Victory !
 Son of a bitch .

 You 're a sucky friend , you know that ?

 What was supposed to do ?
 She gave me that " come- Hither " look . If she gave you any look at l .
 It was a " you suck " look . I would 've caught up to her if I hadn 't pulled a hammy .
 Oh , please , you weh 80 pounds .
 You don 't have a hammy . So , Penny doesn 't want around her friends .
 I embarrass her . Whatlse could it be ?
 Well , her actions
 Could be out of concernfor your feelings Perhaps she 's excluded you from these gatherings
 Because she 's scouting for a new mate
 And don 't want to do it in front of you . Oh ... how kind of her .
 Agreed . Most primates don 't show that sort of discretion .
 A female bonobo will copulate with a new male front of the old one
 Without so much as a " hodo you do ? "
 You always do this , you know ?
 You ditch me for a woman u don 't have a shot with .
 I totally had a shot . With a woman
 You were chasi through a park --
 That 's not a shot , that 's a felony .
 What 's worse , it cost me my prized Patang fighting kite . Sheldon , I don 't suppose
 There 's any chance you could give me my kite back ? I 'm sorry , Raj , but the rules of aerial warfare
 Dictate at the fallen kite go to the victor . And without rules , the competition has no meaning .
 And without meaning ,
 The following would be an empty gesture . ( Tauing ) : I have your kite .
 I have your kite .
 ( Knocking at door )
 Hey .
 Hi .
 How was your football party ?
 It was prettgood . We won .
 Oh , wow . That 's excellent .
 It 's a weird figure of speech , isn 't it
 " We won " when you weren 't actually playing .
 We don 't say , " We defeated the Empire . "
 I 'm glad to hear it . Yeah . Oh , hey , on a related subject ,
 Are you embarrassed to have me around your friends ? Oh , my god , no .
 Why would you ask that ? Well , you know , I just noticed
 Sure you have . N 't really met any of them . Well ...
 Yeah , no , I met the huge ex- Boyfriend
 And the smBy the way, till larger were they here today ?
 Of course not . Of course not .
 Why would they be ? Whwould I ask ? Why am I rambling ?
 Why don 't you stop me ?
 Leonard , look ,
 If you want to meet my friends , that would be great . I just , you know , I didn 't want you to be bored .
 I wouldn 't be bored .
 Why would I be bored ? Well , ' Cause they 're not genius scientists .
 Penny , I like all sorts of people .
 In fact , some ofmy best friends aren 't geniuses .
 Like who ?

 Okay , some of my Facebook friends aren 't geniuses . My point is , if we 're going to be a couple ,
 I should be friends with your friends . Okay , great . Well , then why don 't you
 Come over next Saturday and watch the game with us . Another football game ?
 They have them every week .
 Did not know that . You wanted to meet my friends .
 Sure .
 Su , just I don 't know much about football . Oh , that 's okay -- A lot of the guys '
 Girlfries don 't know football . They just kind of drink and talk in the kitchen .
 Great .

 ( Football game playing on TV )
 Okay , a completepass . First down , New England .
 I think I 'm starting to get this .
 Really ? The only thing I 've learned in the last two hours
 Is that American men love drinking beer , Pee too often and have trouble getting erections .

 Focus on the game , not the commercials , Raj . I 'm just saying , maybe if you people cut back on the beer ,
 You could get out of the bathroom and satisfy your women without pharmaceutical hp .
 J , what are you doing here ? You were supposed to help me pimp outy Vespa .
 I 'm sorry , are you under the impreson that we 're still friends ?
 ( Groans ) :
 Ohcome on . Y 're not still grinding on the kite thing , are you ?
 It 's not just the kite thing .
 Every time we go some place , you think you can just dump me
 Whenever someone prettier comes along , Even though you don 't have a shot with them .
 I had a shot with that jogger .
 Fine .
 Paint green flames on your little scooter with her . It 's not a little scooter .
 It 's the second biggest Vespa they make !
 ( Door closes )
 Are you watching football ?
 There 's no fooling you .
 Now , what is this sacks statistic they put up there ?
 All I know about Saks is , my mother shops there .
 Sacks , sacks ... SHELDON : It 's football nom
 For when a quarterback is taced Behind the line of scrimmage . Huh ...
 Scrimmage .
 SHELDON :
 The line of scrimmage
 Is the imaginary transverse line Separating the offense from the defense . Oh .
 Sheln knows football ? Apparently .
 I mean , Quidditch , sure .
 But football ?
 Sheldon , how do you know this stuff ? I grew up in Texas .
 Football is ubiquitous in Texas : Pro football , college football ,
 High school football , peewee football ... In fact , every form of football except the original --
 Europeanootball . Which most Texans believe to be a Commie plot .

 Unbeliable .
 If you 're interested , Ilso know all about frying meat
 That isn 't icken as if it were chicken .
 So you could teach me ? Football or chicken- Fried meats ?
 Football .
 I 'm going to Penny 's on Saturday to watch a game with her friends And I don 't want to look lik an idiot .
 I want to blend in . If you want to blend in with Penny 's friends ,
 I 'd think looking ke an idiot would be the perfect camouflage .
 Come on , Sheldon , please teach me about football .
 It 'll be fun . That 's exactly what my father said .
 " Come to the games . watch the games . "
 Week in and week out from the time
 I was five until I went off to college . Longesseven years of my life .
 Please , I 'm asking you as a friend .

 Are you making this a tier one friendship request ?
 ( Sighs ) : Fine .
 I really appreciate this . Yeah , yeah .
 All right , Poindexter , sit wn , shut up and listen . I 'm sorry ?
 That 's how my father always began
 Our football conversations . And if you 'd like ,
 After the game ,

 When are you going to stop making Con toast ?
 When I have enough to destroy all the human toast On the battlestar known asGalactica .
 Is that what you 're wearing to watch football at Penny 's ? What 's wrong with a football jersey ?
 Nothing .
 That , however , appears to be a football cocktail dress .
 I 's the smallest size they had , Except the one for dogs .
 I can 't believe they had one for dogs . Oh , yes .
 Canine football fans are a common sight in Texas .
 Cats , however , refuse to wear sporting apparel .
 My sister found that out the hard way . Anyway , wish me luck .
 Leonard , wait .
 Am I correct in assuminghat your attempt to be accepted
 To ensure your continuing mating privileges with her ?
 Well , I wouldn 't put it exactly that way How would you put it ?
 Yeah , okay , like you said .

 Huh .
 Seems like an awful lot of trouble To go through for intercourse .
 Don 't you have access to women who will do it for money ?
 Another accepted usage for the term " ho . "
 Good- Bye , Sheldon . Hold on
 I believe that social convention Dictate you not arrive empty- Handed .
 Would you like to bring some Cylon toast ?
 Yeah , no , I 'm trying to fit in , not get laughed at .
 ( Door closes )
 What 's funny about Cylon toast ?
 It 's open .
 Hey , pal .

 What do you want ?
 ( TV clicks off ) I brought you a little gift .
 New kite .
 The kite you made me lose was an authentic Patang , Indian fighting kite
 That my brother sent to me from New Delhi .
 It took me a day to put together and two days to paint . This is Hello Kitty .

 Yeah , but it comes with a little coin purse . Does a Patang ?
 Wow , you just don 't get it , do you ?
 Buying me something pretty isn 't going
 To make our problem just go away .
 Look , I admit I haven 't always been The best friend I could be .
 Stipulated .
 And you do it all the time .
 Last week in the mall at Radio Shack , we were looking For a phone with giant numbers for your mother ,
 And I suddenly realize you 're not even there . I know , I know ...
 Getting shot down by the girl at Hot Dog on a Stick .
 Were you ?
 But in my defense , she was gorgeous !
 And working that squeezer to make the lemonade , Going and down and up and down .
 It was like a free pole dance Right in the middle of the food court . You 're impossible .
 Hey , at least I can talk to women
 Without being drunk .
 Excuse me , I have selective mutism , A recognized medical disorder . You 're just a douche .

 No .
 You know what ? Maybe that 's what this whole thing 's about . You 're not mad at me ,
 You 're mad at yourself . No , I 'm mad at you .
 I hate myself , but I 'm mad at you . Fine .
 You 're mad at me . I get it .
 How about we go spend the day together ? Just the two of us .
 We 'll go anywhere you want . I don 't know .
 Come on .
 Let me take you someplace nice .
 I- I do enjoy the La Brea Tar Pits .
 Really , now ? With the traffic and the parking ? Okay , fine .
 The Tar Pits . Let 's go .
 Oh , why can 't I stay mad at you ? ( Exclaims )
 Go !
 Go ! Go ! Go- Go- Go- Go !
 Yes !
 Are you people watching this ? Is this amazing or what ? Sweetie , that 's a highlight
 From the '98 championship game . Oh .
 Did not know that .
 How much beer have you had ?
 None , why ? Oh .
 I was just kind of hoping you were drunk . Now we 're back live .
 Okay , yeah . I can see the difference . Oh , where 's the flag ?
 That 's intentional grounding . Totally .
 That completely was A forward pass , which they threw intentionally incomplete
 To avoid loss of yardage or to conserve time I can 't believe they 're not
 Being penalized with the loss of a down And by having to move the line of scrimmage
 Back to the spot of the foul .
 Here , have some pizza , sweetie .
 Penny , you know I 'm lactose intolerant . I know .
 I just need you stop talking . ( Knocking ) SHELDON :
 Penny .
 Penny . Penny .
 Sheldon , come in . Thank you .
 I 'd like to make a sandwich , but I 'm out of bread .
 There 's some in the fridge . You shouldn 't keep your bread in the refrigerator .
 Staleness is caused by crystallization
 Of the starch molecules , which occurs faster
 At cool temperatures . On Earth ,
 We say " thank you . "
 So Leonard , how goes the mimesis ? " Mimesis " ?
 You know . Mimesis .
 An action in which the mimic takes on the properties Of a specific object or organism . Mimesis .

 What the hell are you talking about ? I 'm attempting to communicate with you
 Without my meaning becoming apparent to those around you . Let me try again .
 Have the indigenous fauna
 Accepted you as oneof their own ? Nudge , nudge , wink , wink .
 Oh , I guess so .
 Good . Oh , FYl .
 After I eat my sandwich , I 'm taking Koothrappali 's
 Patang kite out for a test run .
 Would you like to get your delta- Wing raptor and join me ? I don 't want to fly kites , Sheldon .
 We 're watching football here . I can see that .
 I was providing you with an alternative .
 A courtesy I was never offered in similar circumstances .
 ( Whistle blows on TV )
 Oh , look at that .
 Indicating he 's challenging the ruling on the field . I hope he 's right , 'cause if he 'not , it 'll cost him
 One of his three time- Outs .
 You know , Leonard , honey , I wouldn 't mind if you wanted to go fly kites with Sheldon . No , I 'll watch the end of the game .
 Besides , there 's only three minutes left .
 Until halftime .
 This is just half ? We 've been here for hours .
 And you 're gonna be here for a couple more .
 Oh , you 're kidding me .
 No . Nice meeting all of you .

 So , yeah , anyway , that 's my boyfriend .

 I really like my saber- Toothed cat .
 Thank you . My pleasure .
 Maybe after lunch , we can go to Marie Callender 's
 And have some pie . I 'd like that .
 ( Takes deep breath )
 This is turning out to be a perfect Saturday . Good . I 'm glad .
 Oh , man .
 Did you see the way she smiled at me ? Fine .
 Go ahead .
 No . This is our day .
 If you want to chase after her ,
 Chase after her . Ah , who am I kidding ?
 I wouldn 't have a shot with a girl like that . Don 't put yourself down .
 You 're a very attractive man . You think so ? Yeah .
 Absolutely . It wouldn 't kill you
 To take a Pilates clas with me now and then , But you have acertain Yeah , well , it doesn 't matter
 ' Cause she wasn 't really smiling at me . Actually , in this case , I think she was .
 Really ? Yeah .
 Bye .
 What a douche .
 Done by mosito1001 www . addic7ed . com www . dark- ville . com
