
- Ah kite! - Ah kite!
Excuse me for your misuse of the word 'ah'
This is an interjection used to draw attention to a place rather than something
Like 'Ah Land!' or 'Ah West!'

Ah kite!

Hey guys what are you guys doing? Going to discover the current?
If you 're alluding to Benjamin - Franklin he didn 't 'discover electricity'
He just experimented with kites to determine that lightning is 'made up' of electricity
He also invented the Franklin Stove bifocals and the flexible catheter
ah kite
we 're going to fight a kite
Kite fighting ?
Yeah, but a very competitive and even life-and-death sport
In fact, the chance of tragic death is very low
It is true that there is always a risk of severely cutting your fingers from the kite string.
Do you want to come and watch the fight?
oh my god . . . that sounds exciting
But I have a few friends over here to play
It 's okay, just watch a Nebraska game
- Rugby, I know. - Exactly.
I wanted to call you but I know you don 't watch football
Yeah I don 't really see that. . . very good
You do what you like and I do what I like is fine
We can meet later and wait until everyone else is gone
- uh ok - bye

It 's so rude
Sorry, I just got bored and lost my mind
Which part is inferior?
Leonard just realized that Penny didn 't want his friends to see him
Because he 's a petite man who likes to fly kites
oh, that 's really bad.





Season 3 Episode 6

Wolowitz wants to outflank us
Put a point line out, fly high, I 'll cut his line below
Why doesn 't Penny want me to meet her friend?
Concentrate on Leonard Concentrate! A tough battle awaits us
The scourge of war has come
Maybe K oothrappali was right, maybe I embarrassed her
You 're embarrassing me right now
A big man still thinks about those who have or not in the kite-fighting competition
- I 'm sorry - apologies can 't get their kites down

Cut it! Cut it!

Oh they thought we wanted to outflank us
I counted to three and made a flying scissors formation
one two . . .
- See you? - What?
That chick, she smiled at me
- she doesn 't - she has
- come on scissors scissors! - take my thread
Wait what are you doing? How can I cut it by myself!
Howard ! Come back !
We win!
fuck

Your friend did a terrible job, you know?
lousy, lousy kind
Then what should I do, she winked at me and said
Even in the eyes it says 'You suck'
If it wasn 't for my torn tendon, I would have caught up with her.
Come on, you 're only 80 pounds, where 's the tendon from?
P enny doesn 't want me to meet her friends
Is there any other possibility that I embarrassed her?
She probably did it out of consideration for your feelings
Maybe she won 't let you go to a friend 's party
It 's because she 's looking for a new partner and she doesn 't want to do it in your presence
- She 's so considerate- No
Most primates don 't act so cautiously. Female chimpanzees mate with new males in front of their former mates.

It doesn 't matter what 'Are you okay?'
You always do this to me, you know?
Dumped me for a girl who didn 't even have a chance
I have every chance
Chasing a girl all over the park isn 't an opportunity, it 's a crime, okay?
Worse yet, it made me lose my cherished kite-fighting
S heldon is it possible for you to return the kite to me?
Sorry R aj but the rule in aerial combat is that the loser 's kite goes to the winner
There 's no point in playing without rules
There 's no point in the game, I 'm doing the following actions in vain
kite in my hand kite in my hand




How was the rugby party?
yes we won
Great
The rhetoric is a little weird, isn 't it? You said 'we won' without kicking
We don 't say 'We beat the Empire' when we watch Star Wars
- that 's pretty good - yeah
Ask a related question Do you think it would be embarrassing for your friends to see me?
Oh my God, why do you ask that?
I just found out that I haven 't seen a friend yet.
Of course you have seen
I 've seen strong exes and exes who are bigger and smaller than me
- By the way, did they come today? - Of course not.
Of course without them? Why should I ask? What am I muttering? Why don 't you stop me?


L eonard I 'm glad you want to meet my friend
I just don 't want you to get bored
I 'm not bored, why am I bored?
Because they are not genius scientists
P enny I like to deal with all kinds of people
In fact, some of my friends are not geniuses.
For example ?
Well, some netizens are not geniuses
I mean if we were a couple I should be your friend 's friend
Okay then come over and watch the game with us next Saturday
Any more next week?
- Every week - I don 't know.
Is it you who want to meet my friend?
Of course it 's just that I don 't know much about football
It 's okay, a lot of boys ' girlfriends don 't understand football
They were drinking and chatting in the kitchen
Great

Okay, that 's a successful catch
Made first attack on New England
- I think I 'm starting to understand - baa?
After watching it for two hours, I realized that American men love beer
Frequent urination and erectile dysfunction
I told you to watch the game not to watch the commercials Raj
I 'll just say it if you drank less beer and you could get out of the toilet and satisfy your women without Viagra
Raj what are you doing here?
I 'm sorry to help me dress up my Vespa, do you think we are still friends?

oh come on
Are you still worried about the kite?
More than just a kite
You dump me every time we go somewhere if a pretty girl passes by
Even if you have no chance at all
I have a good chance with that jogging chick
ok draw that little green flame on your scooter with her
I 'm not a scooter
That 's the second largest Vespa motorcycle!

Are you actually watching football?
Can 't fool you, what is the sacks data they count?
I knew S aks my mom was shopping there
snatch snatch . . .
Football noun for a quarterback being tackled behind the kick line

kick line

The kick-off line is an imaginary line that separates offense and defense
S heldon still understands rugby?
Obviously
Can tquiddite understand rugby ?
S heldon how do you know these things ?
I grew up in Texas and Texas is full of football
Pro football college football high school football dwarf football . . .
All kinds of rugby are available except the original European rugby
Most Texans think it 's the Communist Party

incredible
If interested I also know how to make fried meat that is not chicken but chicken
Can you teach me then?
Football or fried chicken ?
Football Saturday I 'm going to Penny 's to watch a game with her friends
I wish I could fit in and not act like a fool
If you want to join P enny 's circle of friends
Better act like a fool
Come on, Sheldon, teach me rugby is fun
Exactly what my dad said
'Come and watch the game'
Every week from when I was five until I went to college
The longest seven years of my life
Friend I beg you
Is this a first-level friendship request?
That 's right
- ok - thank you very much
Okay, no social idiot, sit down and shut up and listen.
what ?
My dad always starts like this when watching football
If you want I 'll take you outside after the game
Teach you how to kick a raccoon to shit
When will you get your Humanoid Cyon Bread?
Enough humans to defeat Battlestar Galactica
Are you going to wear this to Penny 's to watch the game?
- What 's wrong with the jersey? - Nothing.
But you look like an evening dress
Already the smallest size except for dogs
There are even clothes for dogs.
Not surprising, Texas is full of canine fans
Cats refuse to wear sportswear
That 's what my sister found out.
whatever, wish me luck
Leonard wait I guess you want Penny 's mates to accept you
Is it to cement your mating privilege with her?
not exactly
That is how the matter ?
ok as you said

Communication is really troublesome enough
Don 't you know a woman who will do it for money?
Another use of 'ah ( ho ) ' ( ho as a noun means prostitute )
Goodbye S heldon
Don 't worry, it 's not social etiquette to go empty-handed.
How about a few slices of humanoid zeon bread?
Come on, I 'm just going around in circles so I don 't want to be laughed at.

What 's so funny about the humanoid seon bread?

door open
hey buddy

what do you want to do ?
I brought you a little gift new kite
The kite you made me lose is a real fighting kite
Indian kite from my brother from New Delhi
It took me one day to set up and two days to paint
And this is Hello Kitty
Yes, but it comes with a coin purse
Do you have kite in India?
Oh you just don 't understand, do you?
Buying me a nice present won 't solve the problem between us
listen I admit I haven 't always been a good friend
You 're a paltry friend
- You make it very clear - and you always do that
Bought your mom a phone with a large font at the Electric City last week
I suddenly found you missing
- I know I know - where have you been being charmed by the hot dog chick

But she 's so pretty
The way she squeezed lemon juice with a juicer was up and down, up and down
It 's like free pole dancing in the food court.
incomprehensible
Hey at least I can talk to women without drinking
Sorry I 'm selective, it 's a recognized disease
you 're just a fool

Guess what? Maybe that 's the crux
You 're not mad at me, you 're mad at yourself
no i 'm mad at you i hate myself but i 'm still mad at you
ok you 're mad at me i understand
How about a day out?
Just the two of us, you can go wherever you want
I do not know
Come on, I 'll take you to a good place
I want to go to Tar Lake
Now? Another traffic jam and no parking space?
Okay Tar Lake here we come
Why can 't I keep mad at you?

On! On! On! Okay!

Aren 't you watching? How awesome
Honey that 's the  '98 Championship Highlights

I don 't know
- How much beer did you drink? - What 's wrong with not drinking?
I do hope you drink
- Now it 's live again - yeah I can see the difference
Hey, why didn 't you raise the flag? It 's a deliberate touchdown.
- That 's- That 's a forward pass.
However, in order to avoid refunds or save time, they deliberately missed the mark
Lost the opportunity to attack and didn 't call a foul
Did not give way to the foul and restarted the scrimmage
come on baby pizza
P enny you know i 'm lactose intolerant
I know I just want you to shut up

Penny Penny Penny
- S heldon please come in - thank you
I want to make a sandwich but no bread
There 's a little more in the fridge
You shouldn 't put bread in the fridge
spoilage is caused by starch crystallisation
It 's more likely to happen at low temperatures
On Earth we would say 'thank you'
How 's the Leonard Mimic going?
- 'Mimic'? - Mimic you know
imitator 's behavior
Mimic
What the hell are you talking about?
I 'm talking to you but I don 't want people around you to understand
let me try again
Did the local animals accept you into the group?
what i said
- I think so - okay
right tell you
I 'm going to take Koothrappali 's Indian kite for a test flight after my sandwich
Do you want to bring the delta-winged raptor with you?
I don 't want to fly a kite S heldon we 're watching a ball game
I know
I 'm just giving you a choice. I 've never been treated so well in this predicament.

oh look
Oklahoma coach raises red flag to challenge referee 's call
I hope he 's right or he 'll get a penalty for three timeouts
L eonard darling I don 't mind you and S heldon go to fly a kite
no i want to see the end
And there are only three minutes left.
- That 's half time - only half ?
We 've been watching for hours
And have to watch for a few more hours
- just kidding - no
nice to meet you
Anyway, that 's my boyfriend
he 's really smart

I really like this saber-toothed tiger thanks
You are welcome
After lunch we can go to Marie Callender for some pies
OK
What a perfect Saturday
be happy
Did you see why she smiled at me?

have to go
No today is our day
If you want to chase her, go after her
What are you kidding? How can I get a chance with this kind of girl?
Don 't be ashamed, you are very attractive
- Really? - Of course
Going to Pilates with me won 't kill you, but you do have an indescribable attraction
It 's alright, actually she didn 't smile at me
- I really think I laughed this time- Really?
- yes - see you
What a Stupid Season 3 Episode 6 End

