If they make good use of the money from the Hulk movie, maybe they can make a Hulk
have a thought
I 'll report to A my Farrah F owler
She will be happy
Thank you will make her look at you differently
How are you two doing?
same as usual
She 's still a woman and still my friend
But she 's not me - I have to wow - 'girlfriend'
Alright alright
Do you still send text messages?
Don 't you think you need a date now and then? Under the same roof?
L eonard you are my best buddy
I 've known you for almost 7 years and I can barely accept sitting on the same couch as you
Me and A my Farrah F owler alone in a room? What do you think
Makes sense
You seem to have an opinion?
No ah
a little bit
envy, jealousy, hate ?
What is envy and jealousy?
I have a serious female friend
and you don 't
All right
Jealousy is the devil, but not the Hulk. Incidentally, the Hulk also has a girlfriend
This episode is Jennifer C onnelly do you remember she played R ussell Crowe 's girlfriend R ussell in Beautiful Mind the naughty little girl in fantasy
I 'm not jealous
L eonard - not jealous of men
-= Eden Subtitle Station http://ytet.org/=- Honorary Production Translation:
JTF an Xia Sheng Grandpa Xiaopiaozhu Taro Proofreading: Grandpa Season 4 Episode 5

I just thought that if there are infinite parallel universes, there must be one of them, Sheldon, who disagrees with the parallel universe theory.

Maybe and then what?
No more, just blog one of them and I smiled
Is there anything that can make you smile? Leonard ?
Hmm . . recently?
no
Is it because of the conflict between your eagerness to find a girlfriend and the surprisingly consistent rejection of you by all women?
Um. . .
To shut up
After my grandfather passed away my grandma was alone and my mom told her to go to the senior center three times a week where she could have company
it 's fine there
They can chat, play bridge and eat
sounds good
Good for those who like to play bridge
Do you like to play bridge Leonard ?
S heldon I just don 't have a girlfriend
Are you going to take me to a seniors center?
My grandmother was very resistant at first, but now she is reluctant to think about it.

Well, if I don 't have a girlfriend in a few days, throw me in a nursing home
What a nursing home? A seniors activity center?
We 're not going to throw grandma in a nursing home?
hey guys
- Hey-hey
People walk in the rivers and lakes and have to bow their heads: hey
sorry my girlfriend Bernadette
I set her a special ringtone for 'B ernadette' by F our Tops
hello Bernadette his ringtone for me is 'brown-eyed girl'

I don 't think so right now.
He 's actually showing us that he has a girlfriend and we don 't
don 't add 'they'
You have a girlfriend too? How can you have a girlfriend? You dare not talk to women
Send you two words deaf girl
What if I can 't speak? She can 't hear anyway
- What? - That 's what she told me

Great you have a girlfriend Howard has a girlfriend S heldon also has a girl . . .
- no no no no! - . . . sex friends
thanks
S tuart how about you? Do you have a girlfriend?
Yes, yes, I met her last time at Comic-Con
The only place in the world that says 'I have a comic book store' and you can get a girl
ok congratulations
Not really, she sucks
When we 're having sex she puts on an oversized Wonder Woman costume and yells
'Who wants to sit in my stealth plane?'
Then why don 't you break up with her?
- no no no- why?
Then I 'll be alone like you
Tell Wolowitz to let him introduce you to one
I don 't need it. I don 't need his girlfriend to introduce her friends to me.
I can find a girlfriend by myself
L eonard you remind me of an interesting story of a man walking into a women 's labor camp with a stack of exemption papers
Are you saying that no one wants to sleep with me even if I 'm like the story?
Do you tell this story or I tell it?
L e o n a r d ?
- Are you asleep? - No
- Are you sick? - No
Are you still depressed because you are alone and no one loves you?
don 't know maybe
I want to tell you that I really care about you
- Thank you, you 're welcome
But even then you can 't put your foot on my seat
May I state my opinion?
What 's wrong? How long has she been watching?
We 're here right back from the bookstore
That 's been two hours
Didn 't you ask us to have a date?
I don 't understand what you 're arguing about
A my you went on to say Leonard from a neurobiological point of view your state of mind causes you to secrete pheromones, cause your despair and ultimately lead to you being single
Did you know Leonard before?
- I don 't know - I know
Most people find partners in social places such as bars
Have you tried it?
No I don 't want a girlfriend in a bar
a wise decision
You see, the secret to A my 's success in the bar lies in traditional male characteristics, height, strength, appearance, drink capacity, darts, and darts.
Leonard doesn 't have anything to do with it, right? Leonard ?
right
Not all bars are like this
Like a juice bar
That 's right A my
On the basis of your premise the leonard can frequent the sushi bar salad bar oyster bar
Apple genius (repair shop) what are you doing?
Go on, I 'm listening
he 's so rude
He 's always like this. He 's a cornucopia of rude social etiquette.
What a cornucopia of flowing words
Let this word be our word of the day
Agree to use the cloud and water tomorrow
Wait a minute I 'm going to empty my lower bladder
Nice to spend these times with you
wait i have a request
- Please? - I want you to meet my mother
I see we 'll talk later, okay?
- no problem good night- good night
L e o n a r d   L e o n a r d   L e o n a r d   L e o n a r d   L e o n a r d   L e o n a r d   L e o n a r d   L e o n a r d
L e o n a r d   L e o n a r d   L e o n a r d   L e o n a r d   L e o n a r d   L e o n a r d   L e o n a r d   L e o n a r d
L e o n a r d   L e o n a r d   L e o n a r d . . .
Ah why?
A my F arrah F owler let me meet her mother
Is that what happened?
What does this mean?
Don 't you always say that A my is your female friend, not your girlfriend?
you can 't say that anymore
wait huh?
Obviously she wants to take your relationship a step further
I don 't want to go further
i like it now
Help me!
me? How can I help you?
Simple !
You don 't need a girlfriend, A my want to be someone else 's girlfriend
I hand her over to you and I bless you
you are crazy
That 's right
good luck
Wait! What should I do?
Have you ever thought about telling her how you feel?
L eonard I 'm a physicist not a hippie
Well then I 'll use physics to help you understand where you are now
How can one thing be connected to another by an inclined plane that spirals around its axis?
(Similar to screwdriver head S crewdriver)
Screw it up (finished)
well said
A my is so boring to him
Howard to open the door!
Why don 't you go for it? You know I 'm clearing my bowels for a colonoscopy!


I 'm like an upside-down volcano
oh hey
Hope you didn 't hear that
The volcano one? Didn 't hear
What T-shirt are you wearing? Are you working at the Apple store now?
I don 't just set it up
I 've seen all your T-shirts
This one isn 't in it . . . you 're pretending to work at the Apple Genius Bar to pick up girls?
Yes
It turns out that they will pay attention to the iPod but not the T-shirt
How is it going?
Not bad I 'm teaching a super hot girl how to boot in safe mode
Their manager got suspicious and made a long story short. Turns out there really is a place like a prison in the mall.
Just a reminder, don 't even think about wearing a fake beard and going back
Maybe they 're not really geniuses but they can see through that stuff
I want to enable girlfriend protocol Howard
Are you so desperate?
not me just . . . i want to have what you have
I think there are women in my life
How much stuff can grandma get out with only one leg and one butthole?
I 'll make it clear that I mean Bernadette that 's not your mother
uh i know who you are talking about
Okay, I 'm going to meet Bernadette 's friends. How do I look?
It 's like the plants in the alien invasion copy you just with extra hairspray
what are you doing ?
I 'm deleting my browsing history online so A my F arrah F owler can 't find me and can 't force me to see her mother
- you 're going to play stealth - that 's right
classic stealth bomber like one

thank you
I also sent a notice of termination of relationship to A my and changed my phone number and email address
What if she came directly to you?
She 'll get lost We don 't live at 2311 White Oak Street anymore
Now we live at 311 White Oak Street
You took the building number off? What about the postman?
Oh don 't worry I explained my predicament to our postman
He is very sympathetic
I 'm against you man, all women are crazy
Who?
A m y   F a r r a h   F o w l e r
Hell! She found me!
has she been here
The only downside in a seamless plan
- You 're going to hit me buddy- What are you doing?
- tell him I 'm not here - so where are you?
do not know
You 're going to devise a reason why I 'm not there
Remember the details make or break a lie
Hi A my S heldon is not there
OK
what about the details
thank you again Bernadette
Oh I take the agreement very seriously
Once in the lab, a petri dish with a genetically modified supervirus disappeared
That day we hooked our fingers and agreed that we would never admit to hybridizing the Ebola virus with the cold virus.
Why are you mixing Ebola and cold viruses?
No
Then things will go bad
sorry i 'm late just at the gym
Cycling lessons really made me sweat
J oy this is L eonard L eonard this is J oy

You 're not a genius wow say something smart
time up

Just kidding
About me, you first need to know that I 'm super funny
Yes
Bernadette said she met you in women 's self-defense class ?
Yes it was super fun at the IKMA fitness center
In fact, it is a hundred tricks to learn to break eggs
- I didn 't expect there to be so many- 42 strokes!
She 's alive and well
Proxima Centauri 's closest planet
The next celestial body is . . .
Alpha Centauri Dolly Barnard Sirius 3 5 9
Lalande 2 1 1 8 5 Star Sirius A Sirius B
BL - Ceti Star UV - Ceti Star Rose 1 5 4 Star
rose 2 4 8 stars
Tianyuan Four L ac - 9 3 5 2 Star Rose 1 2 8 Star Procyon A Star
Oops, wrong back!
EZ Aquarius A Star EZ Aquarius B Star EZ Aquarius C Star Procyon A Star

These are the planets closest to us, Gaga Ulala, and finished the work

Oh my God
They are so crazy
This lobster tastes good both in and out
Should be $30 a pound
Hey, this is a date, right?
yes yes
7 3 strokes !
Excuse me, I 'm going to the bathroom and have a good pee
I 'll go with you
Just a reminder, I just ate aloe vera
My pee will make this place stink
i think he likes you
EZ Aquarius B star EZ Aquarius C star
borrowed lady
S h e l d o n ?
Damn it!
I think you must have misunderstood when I asked you to see my mother
no misunderstanding
I understand the implications of this requirement I also don 't want to be attached to another object by a bevel that spirals around an axis
How are you finished?
I just want you to meet my mom as a boyfriend so she knows I 'm in a relationship and she 's content
So we 're going to play it for her?
That 's right
You didn 't fall in love with me with all your heart?
don 't make trouble
I think dating is an unnecessary cultural practice that has no value in interpersonal relationships
A my F arrah F owler this is the most solid point I have ever heard
I believe we can go back to the boy/friend/girl/friend state after we make it clear this time.
Of course
Would you like to have Chinese food with me?
S heldon please don 't torture me
Feel sorry
- Good night A my - Good night S heldon
Give her a chance, you may gradually like her
or she ended up breaking my egg
She still has 93 tricks that are useless
Howard I appreciate your efforts but this is the worst date I 've ever been on
For real? I was robbed by a pre-op transgender I met on a dating site
That 's not in my top ten.
I guess the difference is that I can still love myself a bit more
I didn 't see it
I just started recently
I don 't want to hang out with someone just to get a girlfriend
I can do it alone
Good news I have a lot of room for dessert
- Joy is nice to meet you but . . . - well me too
Are you free next weekend ?
I need a companion for my cousin 's wedding
- are you dating me? - yes
The alcohol there is all you can drink, so I 'll probably keep it open.
I am looking forward
Nice to meet you too S heldon
I can 't believe A my has a boyfriend
I promise I 'm alive and I 'll have normal sex with your daughter
- what? - oh yes
We are like wild beasts
It 's a miracle we didn 't get hurt
A my what did he say?
you want me to have a boyfriend
That 's it
going offline
My craving for Sheldon tickles my heart
Yeah, it 's time for me to have sex with your daughter
Thank you S heldon it went well
A my I think we should have sex at least once in our relationship
tease you
It 's time to sleep, go out on your own
translate :
JTF an Xia Sheng Grandpa Xiaopiao Pig Taro Proofreading: Grandpa
Subtitles in this forum are only for translation and learning purposes. Any commercial use is prohibited. Otherwise, the consequences will be at your own risk- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Genius Theory Season 4 Episode 5 Ended
