 My siblings and I are the first vampires in history ... the Originals .
 300 years ago , we helped build the city of New Orleans .
 We were happy here , a family .
 Recently , a coven of witches lured my brother back , using his unborn child as leverage .
 I tried to help him , but he betrayed me to his enemy ... the vampire Marcel .
 Since then , I have been held prisoner by a powerful witch .
 My brother seeks to manipulate others to procure my release , but I have my own plan .
 If this witch proves to be an enemy ,
 I will stop her by whatever means necessary .
 You 're the one they call honorable .
 Yes .
 That 's what they call me , and yet I followed my brother here to New Orleans to engage in a war .
 So I ask you , does that sound honorable to you ?
 You don 't look well .
 Well , only this morning , I had a mystical dagger embedded in my chest .
 So I 'd say I 'm holding myself together quite well .
 Davina , I believe that you and I have the power to end a war between witches and vampires before it truly begins ,
 I by keeping my brother in line , you by behaving as your true self , not some tool for Marcel or the witches .

 And why should I trust you ? Well , for one thing , in spite of a ravenous hunger ,
 I have not tried to take your blood .
 Why not ?
 I 'm the only one here .
 Even in my present condition ,
 I would not feed ... from a child .




 We had a deal .
 You protect my unborn child ,
 I dismantle Marcel 's army , and whilst I 've been busy fulfilling my part of the bargain , you allowed Hayley to be attacked and almost killed by a gaggle of lunatic witches .

 I had nothing to do with it , I swear .
 Hayley and I are linked , remember ?
 She dies , I die .
 Then who were they ?
 They 're a faction of extremists .
 Sabine stupidly told them about some vision she had about the baby .
 What kind of vision ?
 She has them all the time .
 They 're totally open to interpretation .
 I 'm guessing she 's wrong on this one .
 Well , how , may I ask , was this particular vision interpreted ?
 Pretty much that your baby would bring death to all witches .
 Ah , well , I grow fonder of this child by the second . Sophie , look .
 I promised Elijah that I would protect the Mikaelson miracle baby whilst he tries to win your witch Davina 's loyalty .
 Why don 't you tell me just how extreme this faction is ? Elijah is talking to Davina ?
 Yeah , as we speak , I imagine .
 I 'm guessing she 'll have plenty to say about that crowd .
 Do tell .
 I wasn 't always an advocate for the witches .
 Drink up , everybody !
 This is how they party in Rio !
 My sister was devoted like our parents , and our upbringing was very strict , which drove me nuts .
 The minute I turned 21 , I left the quarter to travel and play , but I wanted to be a chef .
 So I came back to Rousseau 's .
 Yeah !
 Oh , Jane- Anne . Hey !
 Hey , hey , hey .
 That wasn 't me .
 Hi !

 Welcome home , Soph .
 Can we go someplace to talk ?
 Just tell me . The elders called a vote .
 We 're moving forward with the harvest .
 What ?
 What the bloody hell is the harvest ?
 It 's a ritual our coven does every 3 centuries so that the bond to our ancestral magic is restored .
 We appease our ancestors .
 They keep our ancestral power flowing . And why haven 't I heard of this ?
 Because the harvest always seemed like a myth , a story passed down through generations
 like Noah 's ark or the Buddha walking on water , the kind some people take literally and some people don 't .
 To be reborn , we must sacrifice .
 To be reborn , we must sacrifice .
 To be reborn , we must have faith .
 To be reborn , we must have faith .
 Do you have faith in the harvest ?
 Not for a second .
 Sophie . What are you doing ?

 Saving the community you renounced .
 You 're all ridiculous .
 Monique ?
 Seriously ?
 My mom told me I had to .
 Yeah .
 Well , you mom and I are gonna have words .
 They had the girls of our community preparing for months .
 4 would be chosen for the harvest .
 They said that it was an honor , that they were special .
 I thought it was a myth . Was it ?

 Marcel , bit early in the day for you , isn 't it ?
 I know .
 I make this look easy , but I still have an empire to run .
 Rather you than me .
 All that responsibility seems like such a bore .
 Well , this might spice things up .
 I just heard about a bunch of dead witches out in the bayou the kind of damage a werewolf might do , only there was no full moon .
 I have an informant out there I need to meet , and I would love for you to go with me .
 Dead witches in the bayou .
 Sounds like less of a problem and more like a cause for celebration .
 Well , something killed them and may still be out there , and with your blood the only cure for a werewolf bite , I would love for you to accompany me .
 Well , why not ?
 I haven 't been to the bayou in ages .
 I 'm on my way .
 Peace out , brother .
 This is the one .
 You can 't go out there now .
 I need to gather the witches ' remains and consecrate them .
 If I don 't get to them before sundown , we lose the link to their magic .
 Those witches tried to kill Hayley .
 I prefer for Marcel 's informant not to find anything that would lead him back to us , to her , or to , you know , that .
 You are all class .
 Stay put and save the rest of your story till I return .
 Look who 's back . Here to visit your prisoner in the attic ?
 Lay off .
 She 's not a prisoner , and I 'm moving her tonight .
 Too many people know where she is .
 I have been hearing about what you 've been up to since I 've been out of town .
 Using that girl to keep the witches from doing magic ?
 All respect , Father K. , if you 're gonna defend the witches ' rights , we got nothing to talk about .
 Do you play ?
 That 's ... not mine .
 Good news , little D. I 'm moving you out of this pile of dust .
 Are you serious ? When ?
 Tonight .
 I just need to lock in the arrangements .
 How 's our Original ?
 Don 't disturb the body .
 I have a spell in progress .
 Bet you do .
 Pack up , ok , only what you want to take .
 I 'll buy you anything else you need .
 All right .

 You didn 't reveal that I was awake .
 We 're not done talking yet .
 You and Marcel seem very close .
 Marcel is my family .
 And yet Marcel is someone who delights in harming the witches , those people , I would think , you would consider family .
 This doesn 't trouble you ? No .
 They deserve it .
 Why would you say that ?
 Because they 're liars , all of them .
 They made me and my friends do this harvest ritual .
 They said our participation would bring our family strength , health ...
 That we 'd forever be celebrated as saviors of the community , but all they really wanted was more power .
 So I left before they could get it , and now they 're running out of time because after the harvest comes the reaping , and if they don 't complete the harvest , there won 't be a reaping .

 Soon , all the witches in the quarter will start to lose their power .
 Eventually , they 'll cease to be witches altogether .
 So what does it take to complete this ritual ?
 I have to die .

 - synced and corrected by chamallow - - www . addic7ed . com -
 Ok .
 Hey , what the hell ?
 You 're going out there , anyway , aren 't you .
 I want to go with you .
 No , thanks .
 Already got assaulted by Klaus this morning , don 't need a repeat .
 What if whatever is responsible for all those dead witches is still out there ?
 We 've already established that it likes me and hates witches .
 So you 'll be safer with me .
 Sorry if I 'm not buying your sudden concern for my safety .
 Listen .
 The whole reason I came to this stupid town in the first place was to learn more about my family .
 Your sister is the one that told me Marcel ran the werewolves out of the quarter into the bayou , and last night , pretty sure that some guardian angel wolf saved my life .

 So I 'm coming with you .
 Could you two be more idiotic .
 Two can play the follow game , you know ?
 You heard Klaus .
 He and Marcel are heading right where you 're going .
 So distract them because unless you want to lock a hormonal , pregnant werewolf in a tomb ,
 I 'm coming with you , and wouldn 't Elijah be mad if he hears that the baby and I died of asphyxiation ?
 What 's the matter , Rebekah ?
 You cross that I 'm out with your ex ?
 What is all that dreadful hillbilly racket in the background ?
 According to the dreadful signage , it 's Big Augggie 's bayou bar .
 Well , order up a few rounds of moonshine and stay clear of the dead witches for a few .
 The witch is on a burial mission , your baby mama is on a spirit quest , and I 'm keeping Elijah 's promise to keep her safe .
 So stall , please .
 Everything ok ?
 Oh , just the usual ... temperamental sister .
 So where 's your informant ?
 Tomas ?
 He 's out sniffing around .
 Grab a drink . Then we 'll chase him down .
 Well , I suppose it will give us a chance to talk things over ,
 like why you haven 't returned Elijah .
 Maybe your young witch has grown partial to his company .
 She must get so bored .
 You never stop , do you ?
 You never answer , do you ?
 Why are you so curious about Davina ?
 If I had a 16- year- old all- powerful witch at my beck and call , you would wonder about her , too .
 You 're never gonna get her .
 Ok .
 Ok .
 I 'll ask the harmless questions , then .
 How did you meet her ?
 Ha ha ha !
 That might surprise you .
 This was 8 months ago , before I banned the witches from using magic .
 Relations between vampires and witches weren 't what you 'd call friendly , by any means , but let 's just say , we were a little less divided .
 In fact , some of us were getting along just fine .
 Oh , it 's so screwed up .
 I 'm dealing with whacked out , militant witches .
 Hey , you witches all got a little crazy in you .
 Oh , and my sister has really gone off the deep end this time .
 Jane- Anne has got martyr written all over her . Yeah .

 That 's for sure .
 They 've got every 16- year- old girl in our coven dying to be one of the 4 chosen for this crazy- ass ritual .
 Anything I can do to help ?
 No .
 You 've caused enough trouble with them .
 What , little , old me ?
 You 're a dick .
 You always stir it up with the witches , which is why this ... stays between us .
 You and Sophie ?
 You hypocrite .
 Ha ha ha !
 You torture those witches , and yet there you are , getting positively
 " Romeo and Juliet " with Sophie Deveraux .
 Oh , it wasn 't like that .
 It was a mutually satisfying hookup .
 So if Sophie didn 't turn to you , her secret vampire lover , in her hour of need , what did she do ?
 She did what any good girl would do .
 She went to her priest .
 You 've never cared about witch business , Sophie , and now you have the gall to reveal our private dealings to an outsider .
 You have to find another way .
 You think we do this lightly ?
 The vampire presence in the quarter is growing stronger .
 We need more power to fight them off .
 Harsh times call for harsh measures .
 This is a little more than harsh , Bastiana .
 You don 't understand because you don 't believe .
 You 've never believed , but I believe enough to put everything on the line for this , and being chosen for the offering , it 's an honor .
 It 's a myth , Jane- Anne .
 What you are planning to do is not only wrong .
 In my city , it 's illegal .
 In your city full of vampires ?
 The vampires and the human faction have an arrangement , just like we have with you all .
 Protect the locals , protect our homes , we look the other way .
 What you are planning goes too far .
 We are simply taking what we need .
 Our connection to our ancestors weakens over time .
 You sow , and you reap .
 That 's the way the harvest works .
 I am the only ally you witches have in this town .
 Do you really want to face Marcel without me ?
 Because that is what you 'll be dealing with if you go through with the harvest .
 Everything ok in here , Uncle Kieran ?
 We were just finishing , Sean , right ?
 I believe I 've made myself clear .
 We 'll take this matter to the elders .
 Continue to study , Sean .
 Your Uncle is an excellent role model .
 The witches were furious with Kieran .
 Sophie tells me that the witches put a hex on his nephew Sean , made it seem like he was slowly losing his mind , in order to distract Kieran while they kept planning for the harvest .
 So they attacked Kieran 's nephew .
 Yeah .
 Kid wasn 't the same after that , ended up going postal , killing all his fellow seminary students , all of them , and then himself .
 I might have read about that .
 The boy killed a twin , or he was a twin or something .
 Oh , no , no .
 They said that he had a twin sister .
 So enlighten me .
 What did you mean when you said you had to die ?
 That 's what the harvest was .
 They said they 'd put us 4 girls in a state of , like , peaceful limbo as part of the offering , and then later at the reaping , we 'd awaken and be reborn .
 I never got as far as the limbo part , which means the harvest isn 't complete .
 That 's why the witches are so freaked out .
 The reaping is just around the corner , and if they don 't finish it before then , it 's over .
 All I have to do is wait it out .
 And then what ?
 They 're punished , and I 'm free .
 From Marcel ?
 Of magic .
 All our power will drain away .
 I 'll be normal .
 Is that what you want , to be normal ?
 I just don 't want to be what I am .
 I can 't control it sometimes , magic .
 I ... hurt people , even when I don 't mean to .
 Why don 't you tell me about your friends ?
 You must miss them .
 There 's Tim .
 He doesn 't know about any of this witch stuff .
 He 's normal .
 My best friend Monique ...
 she was a part of the harvest , too .
 She 's lucky . No one ever fought for me , but someone fought for her .
 The only one who ever spoke out against the harvest was Monique 's aunt .
 And who is that ?
 Sophie Deveraux .
 So this harvest thingee , tell me more .
 Klaus said to wait .
 He also said to stay out of the bayou , and yet here we are amongst the crawly , buzzy creatures .
 Yes .
 We 're here .


 Is that a wolf track ?
 Who 's there ?
 What the hell ?
 An Original ?

 Let me understand this .
 Against all logic , you and Hayley went to the bayou , where you ran into a man you think may be Marcel 's informant , and then you lost him .
 Yes , and now that we 've established that I am a failure as a sister and a friend and an Original , you should probably know he 's on his way to Marcel right now to rat me out ... skinny guy in a hurry ,

 looks like he saw a ghost ?
 I 'll handle it .
 I 'll need a distraction .
 I 'm on my way .

 Your sister again ?
 She craves attention .
 So come on .
 You were just getting to the juicy bits .
 I can 't joke around about this .
 I 've done a lot in my day , but I do have a rule about kids .
 No one but Sophie ever questioned the harvest , not even my own mother .
 So neither did I.
 We thought it was such an honor .
 We had such faith .
 We were so stupid .
 So how did it begin ?
 We were led out like princesses .

 My mother was so proud . Our magic fades as our ties to our ancestors weaken over time .
 We beseech them accept this offering as a sign of our faith .
 Bastiana , one of the elders , called upon the 4 elements to bind our past and future magic together ...
 Earth to connect us to our ancestors , water to heal the community , wind to carry us to our ancestors and back ...

 Fire to purify .
 After all our preparation , we knew exactly what to expect .
 For weeks , they told us that the magic in the knife they used to cut our palms would put us to sleep and that later at the reaping , we would all be resurrected .
 They said we 'd awaken and all be together and more powerful than ever , and it was just like we rehearsed it .
 All that was left was just a little cut on our palms for the blood sacrifice .


 No !
 Stop !
 Bastiana , stop .
 You have to stop .
 Bastiana , please don 't do this . Even after Sophie tried to stop it , we didn 't suspect anything .
 To be born , you must sacrifice .
 Do you have faith ?
 They 're gonna kill you !
 Oh , my God !
 No !
 Please stop ! Everyone involved in the ritual knew that this would happen .

 Except the 4 of us .
 They weren 't putting us to sleep .
 They were slaughtering us . Oh !
 No ! Stop !
 No , no !
 Monique Deveraux .
 No !
 No !
 Don 't go , Monique !
 I begged for someone to help .
 My own mother turned away from me .
 Sophie screamed and screamed for her sister , anyone to do something ...
 What is wrong with you ?
 But no one did .
 Yet you survived .
 Therefore , someone or something intervened .
 Yes .
 Someone finally did .
 Monique , run away !
 Run away .

 Marcel .
 You 're the one who stopped it .
 Kieran knew every detail from Sophie .
 After his nephew 's massacre in the church , he was so torn up , he left town just before the harvest , but on his way out , he came to me , and he asked me to stop the harvest .
 He knew I didn 't want the witches getting any more power , and I do have a rule about people abusing kids .
 So I did what he asked , but I was too late .

 Oh , God !
 Monique !
 Oh !
 No !
 Oh , let go of me !
 Stop it !
 Stop it !
 Let go of me !
 Stop it !

 There was something about seeing Davina fight .
 She didn 't just go along to the slaughter , you know ?
 I do ...
 Marcellus .
 I felt like she and I , we were kindred spirits .
 Every girl who died released her power on to the next .
 When I was the last one ,
 I suddenly had all of it , all the power that was supposed to be released back into the earth to appease our ancestors .
 So the harvest was actually working .
 Something was working , and I knew that I was supposed to be killed so the harvest could be completed and we would all be resurrected , but they lied to us about how they were killing us .
 How do I know they weren 't lying to us about coming back ?
 But mostly , I just didn 't want to die .
 So I let him save me .
 Marcel saved my life .

 You 're quite the knight in shining armor , though Davina must realize you owe her as much as she owes you .
 You never could have banned the witches from using magic without her .
 She 's not exactly besties with them .
 I 'm protecting her .
 A lot of them would like to get their hands on her and kill her to finish the harvest .
 If they don 't , the other girls stay dead , and they lose their power .
 And if they do , you lose yours .
 And Davina loses her life .
 Ah , isn 't this like old times ?
 Just how drunk are you two ?
 Skating on the razor 's edge .
 I 'm gonna use the loo .
 Back in a tick .
 I haven 't seen his this lushy since the twenties .
 So you came to take him home ?
 Why else would I be here ?
 I don 't know .
 Maybe to make sure I didn 't get too drunk and spill secrets better left unspilled about you and me .
 I know better .
 I hope so because you don 't want to end up on the wrong side of me .
 Oh , Rebekah Mikaelson , you do not want to be on the wrong side of me .

 Tomas , I presume .
 Marcel asked me to find out what you know about the dead witches .
 I heard they were going after some pregnant werewolf .


 She was stupid being out there all alone .
 Yeah . She was . Yeah .
 She was .
 It 's amazing how gullible some people can be .
 Yeah .

 You may return this now to its rightful owner .
 It 's restored .

 I don 't even know if I 'll see him again .
 Davina , this power that you contain drawn from your fallen friends , it 's too much for you .
 You need control .
 That requires study and practice .
 My mother was a very powerful witch .
 She left behind her grimoires , a legacy of books filled with spells .
 These books contain all of the tools that you might need to control your magic .
 If you free me from here ,
 I can share them with you .
 However , if you leave now with Marcel , we 'll never see each other again , and I cannot find you , and I can 't help you .
 The witches manipulated me .
 You know how that ended .
 This is not manipulation .
 This is one thing in exchange for another .
 I 'm offering you a deal .


 That was fast work , Rebekah .
 Where 's Marcel , in there touching up his lipstick ?
 Credit me with some taste .
 It 's filthy in there .
 Where 'd he go ? He didn 't tell you he was leaving ?

 No .
 Do you think he realized we were stalling him ?
 No ...
 Unless he was stalling us .
 Ok .
 Now is our shot .
 You ready to blow this joint ?
 Can 't wait . All right .
 We 'll leave Elijah behind as a parting gift .
 Might buy me a little forgiveness for pulling one over on his siblings .
 Let 's go .

 What 's wrong ?


 What 's happening ?
 I don 't know .
 Something is wrong .
 Hey ...
 Marcel , there 's something dangerous out there .
 Take me back .
 Damn it .

 No one is gonna look for you here .
 It 's only for a little while till I can get you out of town and someplace safe .
 For now , I can get you whatever you want .
 What do you like to do ?

 Draw .
 An artist , huh ? That 's cool .
 Ok .
 I can buy out Vincent 's for you tomorrow , maybe get you some curtains or ...
 Marcel ...
 You know what I really want ?
 I want to make them pay .

 Elijah ?

 I 'm pleased you stayed .
 You 'll keep your promise about your mother 's spell book ?
 I will .
 You know , difficulties aside ,
 I value my family above everything .
 I am sorry that yours failed you .
 Your brother Klaus handed you to Marcel in a box , yet you still don 't give up on him .
 Well , I 've given up on giving up .
 It 's an affliction .

 I will fight for my family until my last breath .
 And I 'll fight the witches until mine .

 Now what ?
 You 're just gonna leave her up there for anybody to find ?
 I 'm not in the mood , Kieran .
 You were supposed to get her out of New Orleans after the harvest .
 We failed those other 3 girls . We didn 't fail her . That is why I came to you for help .
 That was the plan . Plans change .
 Especially after you found out how powerful she was .
 Let 's get something straight .
 For 8 months since you left ,
 I 've been running this town just fine .
 I don 't need you coming back and getting in my business .
 I will do what I want where I want .
 Got it ? You want to be the boss ?
 You want to call the shots ?
 Fine , but I call the shots with the humans ...
 and you don 't want to make an enemy of me .
 So I would suggest one thing ... stay away from my niece .
 Fine .
 Who the hell is your niece ?
 Cami .


 Those people , all this because of a vision about my baby you don 't think is true .
 Look . I love Sabine , but she 's the witch equivalent of a drama queen .
 I 've learned to take little stock in whatever she says or sees .
 Just kind of wish she 'd kept her mouth shut .
 The harvest ritual .
 You said you didn 't believe in it .
 Were you right ?
 No .
 I saw it with my own eyes .
 It was working . It was real .
 So how can you be so sure
 Sabine 's vision isn 't ?




 Taking me on a field trip to distract me , pathetic and obvious .
 I taught you better than that .
 You taught me to protect what 's mine .
 You 'll not take Davina from me , end of story .
 An immutable law of nature , Marcel is , the strong always take from the weak .
 Oh , if you were so strong , you wouldn 't have run away from new Orleans like a little bitch all those years ago .
 You 've been playing king with a bunch of children for too long .
 Don 't mistake me for one of your nightwalker lackeys , Marcel .
 I can take Davina any time I like .

 What the ...
 Do forgive me , Marcel .
 If anyone is to teach my brother a lesson , it 's me .



 I don 't care if we have to get you a leash .
 That was your last trip to the bayou .
 What is it with you and those wolves , anyway ? I feel like we 're connected somehow .
 I don 't know .
 Maybe it 's just some pipe dream that I have of finding any real family out there , but sometimes when I feel like it 's me against the world , it keeps me going .
 Oh , right .
 Well , if you ask me , family is a pain in the behind , and as for being in it alone , how dare you ?
 I don 't ruin a perfectly fabulous pair of boots traipsing through the bayou for just anyone .



 Nik , finally .
 What ...


 Oh , Elijah ...
 You 're safe .

 Now that you 're home , is your first plan to kill Niklaus ?
 Excuse me just a moment .
 Where 's he going ?


 You 're back .
 I am .


 Don 't make promises you can 't keep .
 Welcome home .

 Everything that brought us here to New Orleans was a lie ... this story that Sophie Deveraux fabricated , this struggle for control of the French quarter .

 This war between vampires and witches wasn 't over territory at all .
 This was over Davina .
 I swear I had no idea that the harvest could possibly be real .
 But the one thing that you were sure of is that I was wrong and that I would risk
 Monique 's life on a maybe , and now my daughter is dead .
 Please tell me how to fix this .
 Now that Marcel has Davina , how are we even supposed to find her ?
 If we don 't finish the harvest ,
 Monique and those two other girls are dead for real .
 Look at me .
 You and I are gonna find a way to get Monique back .
 It 'll be our little secret . We 'll do it together .
 We 'll seal off the cemetery from the vampires , find Davina , stop Marcel , and finish the ritual once and for all , even if I have to slit Davina 's throat myself .
 8 months ago , Sophie Deveraux and her sister Jane- Anne lost everything .
 Now , 4 months after that , a young , pregnant girl wanders into their restaurant .
 Suddenly , all hope is renewed .
 Jane- Anne actually sacrificed her life so that her sister could use you to find Davina .
 If Sophie Deveraux is successful in capturing Davina , she can return Jane- Anne 's daughter back to life .
 We thought we 'd come here to wage a war for power .
 This is about family .
 In order to return her niece to life ,
 Sophie Deveraux will fight to the death .
 That makes her more dangerous than anyone .

 - synced and corrected by chamallow - - www . addic7ed . com -
