
 Come here , lad .
 What are you doing on my property ?
 I 've come to claim back what 's rightfully mine , sir .
 That thieving young rascal made off with some horseshoes and a bag of nails from my smithy .

 Where is your proof ?
 The proof is , I 'll find them there .
 Now , I don 't want to be forced to call the police .
 These people are guests of mine , but you are trespassing , Mr. Thorn .
 I 'm not afraid of you , Doctor .
 Get off my land !

 Please , come back soon .
 My dear , there is nothing whatever to worry about .
 We should be married in a few weeks .
 I 'm just on my way back to London .
 Goodbye , sir , and thank you for a most pleasant weekend .
 I mean to improve my game of chess before my next visit .
 Oh , yes , I see .
 You weren 't an unworthy opponent .
 Thank you , sir .
 I 'm just seeing Percy down to the gates , Father . Heh .
 Drive on and wait for me by the gate , will you .
 The fellow was trespassing , he had a dunking , and that is all .
 Father , I cannot believe that Thorn would deliberate -
 Dammit , woman , are you part of the conspiracy against me , too ?
 No , Father , I live here .
 Not for much longer , eh , once you marry that fellow Armitage .
 Yes , what is it ?
 Father , what has happened to my room ?
 The builders found a fault in the structure , better sleep in your sister 's room till they 've finished working on it .
 Julia 's room , I can 't sleep in there .
 Why not , Pray ?
 I can 't .
 What is the matter , it 's a perfectly good room .
 I 've instructed the housekeeper to prepare it for you .
 Now run along , your baggage , and goodnight .
 Hello there young beauty , good night , good night .
 I 'm very sorry , Watson , but it seems to be the common lot this morning .
 What ?
 Mrs. Hudson has been roused , she retorted on me , and I on you .
 But it 's only a quarter past seven , what is it , a fire ?
 No , No , a client .
 This will take a moment to draw , sir .
 But only a moment , Mrs. Hudson is a mistress of the art of fire lighting .
 Ah , this is my intimate friend and associate , Dr. Watson , before whom you may speak as freely as before myself .
 How do you do ?
 Mrs. Hudson , do you think you could bring this young lady a hot cup of coffee , for I observed you are shivering .

 It is not cold which makes me shiver .
 What , then ?
 It is fear , Mr. Holmes .
 It is terror .
 You must not fear , we shall set matters right , have no doubt .
 You have come by train , I see , this morning . You know me , then ?

 No , but I observed the second half of a return ticket in the palm of your left glove .
 You started early , but you had a drive in a dog- cart , along heavy roads , before you reached the station .
 There is no mystery , my dear lady , the left arm of your jacket is spattered with mud in no less than seven places , the marks are fresh .

 There is no vehicle save a dog- cart which throws up mud in that particular way , and then only when you sit on the left- hand side of the driver .


 You are perfectly correct .
 Sir , I can stand the strain no longer ;
 I shall go mad if it continues .
 I have heard of you from Mrs. Farintosh , whom you helped in the hour of her sore need .
 Farintosh .
 My dear Helen , it is difficult for me to advise you since you present so few facts , but I know you to be a sensible girl , not prone to hysterics .

 I was one of your poor , dear mother 's oldest friends .
 I can only suggest that if your fears persist , you should contact Mr. Sherlock Holmes , 221B Baker Street .

 Farintosh , oh , yes , I do remember the case . It concerned an opal tiara .
 I think it was before your time , Watson .
 Thank you , Mrs. Hudson .
 Sir , do you not think you could help me , too ?
 At present it is out of my power to reward you , but in a few weeks I should be married with control of my own income .
 I shall be happy to devote the same care to your case as to that of your friend .
 As to reward my profession is its own reward ; but you are at liberty to defray whatever expenses I may be put to at the time which suits you best .

 And now I beg you , lay everything before us which may help us form an opinion upon this matter .
 My name is Helen Stoner . I live with my stepfather ,
 Dr. Grimesby Roylott , who is the last survivor of one of the oldest
 Saxon families in England .
 The Roylotts of Stoke Moran , the name is familiar to me .
 He is a doctor by profession , a skilled one .
 For some years he had a large and flourishing practice in India , in Calcutta .
 Ah .
 Dr. Watson has also practiced medicine in India .
 Yes , attached to the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers .
 Pray continue , Miss Stoner .
 In Calcutta , he married my mother .
 She was the young widow of Major mother 's remarriage ,
 and my sister , Julia , was five years older .
 Our mother had a considerable sum of money - not less than a thousand a year - and this she bequeathed to Dr. Roylott entirely while we resided with him .

 Forgive me , your mother has passed on ?
 Shortly after our return to England , she was killed in a railway accident near Crewe .
 My stepfather then abandoned his attempts to establish himself in practice in London and took us to live in his ancestral house at Stoke Moran .
 But the money your mother left you was enough for all your wants , so that was no obstacle to your happiness ?
 A terrible change came over my stepfather , instead of making friends and exchanging visits with our neighbors , who at first were overjoyed to see a Roylott back in the family seat , he shut himself up in the house and indulged in ferocious quarrels .




 At times it was and still is hard to keep him out of the police courts .
 He 's become the terror of the village . Does he permit any visitors ?
 No , except my fiancé and some wandering gypsies .
 Gypsies ?
 Vagabonds , whom he has given leave to encamp on his land .
 Sometimes he goes away with them for days at a time .
 You can imagine from what I 'm saying that my poor sister Julia and I had no great pleasure in our lives .
 No servant would stay long so we did all the work of the house .
 She was but 30 when I lost her , but already her hair had begun to whiten , even as mine has .
 Your sister is dead ?
 Just two years ago .
 It is of that I wish to talk to you .
 Living the life we did , we were little likely to see anyone of our own age and position , but we were occasionally allowed short visits .
 Two years ago ,
 Julia met a half- pay major of marines , to whom she became engaged .
 Your stepfather approved of the match ?
 He raised no objection at all .
 A fortnight before the wedding , a terrible event occurred which deprived me of my only companion .
 Pray - be precise as to details .
 It is easy , every event of that night is seared into my memory .
 It was late , about 11 : 00 ,
 Julia had come into my room .
 He 's smoking those awful cigars again .
 Perhaps you should have this room until the wedding .
 Oh , Helen , oh , I feel so happy .
 And yet wretched that I 'm leaving you here alone .
 My turn will come .
 I shall miss you .
 No , you won 't , I 'll come and stay .
 Besides , your major has promised to find me a brother officer of equal rank , and infinitely better looking .
 My darling , what is the matter ?
 Helen , have you ever heard anyone whistle in the dead of night ?
 I suppose you couldn 't possibly whistle yourself , in your sleep ?
 Certainly not , why ?
 The last few nights , always about 3 : 00 in the morning ,
 I 've been woken by a low , clear whistle . I can 't tell where it 's coming from .
 I thought you might have heard it .
 I sleep more heavily than you .
 It was probably those wretched gypsies .
 Well , never mind .
 Was it your custom always to lock yourself in at night ?
 Always , my stepfather has a passion for Indian animals .
 A leopard and baboon wander freely over the grounds .
 Julia and I had no feelings of security unless our doors and windows were locked .
 I couldn 't sleep ,
 I had a vague feeling of misfortune .
 Julia !
 Please help me .
 Oh , my God , Helen , It was the band ... the speckled band .
 I 'll get father .
 No !
 Go into your room child ,
 I 'll deal with this .


 I am sorry , gentlemen .
 My sister and I were very close .
 Yes indeed .
 What a mournful experience .

 And you 've no idea what might have caused -
 This whistle and metallic sound , you can swear to it ?
 It is my strong impression ,
 I may possibly have been deceived .
 Was your sister dressed ?
 No , she was in her night dress .
 Uh , on the floor there was a candle and the charred stump of a match .
 Which means , something must have woken her up , and she struck a light to see what the matter was .
 What conclusions did the coroner come to ?
 He investigated the case with great care , but he was unable to find any satisfactory cause of death .
 And your evidence would have shown that the door was fastened on the inner side , the windows blocked by shutters , secured every night .
 It is certain , therefore , that your sister was alone when she met her end ?
 Yes .
 Besides , there were no marks of violence upon her .
 What about poison ?
 The doctors examined her for it , without success .
 What do you think this unfortunate lady died of , then ?
 It 's my belief that she died of pure fear and nervous shock , though what it was which frightened her I cannot imagine .

 What do you gather from the allusion to a band , a speckled band ? Delirium .
 Or some band of people .
 The gypsies at the plantation have spotted handkerchiefs they wear around their necks .
 These are very deep waters .
 What happened after your sister 's death ?
 My life was lonelier than ever until a month ago , when a dear friend of mine , whom I have known for many years , did me the honor to ask for my hand in marriage .


 His name is Mr. Percy Armitage .
 And you are to be married within a few weeks .
 So what prompted you to come here when your life seems set so fair ?
 Yesterday , some repairs were started and my bedroom wall was pierced , so that last night I was forced to move into the chamber in which Julia died , to sleep in the very bed in which she slept .



 Imagine my terror when I was woken by the same
 low whistle which had been the herald of her own death .
 You lit a lamp ?
 Yes , but nothing was to be seen .
 I was too shaken to sleep . I dressed and slipped out of the house .
 I got a dog- cart at the Crown Inn , and came to London with one objective , asking your advice .
 You did wisely .
 But have you told me all ?
 Yes . You have not , Miss Stoner .
 You are shielding your stepfather .
 He is a hard man , but he 's still the only father I have known .
 I 'd say it was time for some breakfast .
 There are a thousand details I desire to know before I decide on a course of action .
 If we were to come to Stoke Moran today , could we see over these rooms without the knowledge of your stepfather ?



 As it happens , he spoke of coming to town today on some business .
 And the workmen ?
 I have seen none .
 We have a woman who comes to clean from the village , but only in the morning .
 There should be nothing to disturb you . Excellent .
 Watson , you are not averse to this trip ?
 By no means .
 Then we will be with you in the early afternoon .
 I shall be there for your arrival .
 You 'll stay for some breakfast , surely ? Thank you , no .
 My heart is lightened already .


 Ah , Mrs. Hudson , thank you .
 When you combine the ideas of whistles at night , the presence of a band of gypsies on intimate terms with the doctor , the dying allusion to a speckled band , well , there 's good ground to believe that the mystery may be cleared along those lines .




 Which one of you is Holmes ?
 My name , sir ; but you have the advantage of me .
 I am Dr. Grimesby Roylott , of Stoke Moran .
 Indeed , Doctor , please take a seat .
 I shall do nothing of the kind .
 I know that my stepdaughter has been here this morning .
 What has she been saying to you ?
 It is a little cold for the time of the year .
 What has she been saying to you ?
 But I have heard that the crops promise well .
 Ah , you put me off , do you ?
 You scoundrel , sir .
 I 've heard of you before .
 You are Holmes , the meddler , Holmes the busybody ,
 Holmes , the Scotland Yard Jack- in- office .
 Your conversation really is most entertaining , if you would close the door , on your way out , as there is a decided draft .
 I will go when I have said my say .
 Don 't you dare to interfere in my affairs .
 I know that Miss Stoner has been here .

 I am a dangerous man to fall foul of .


 Thank you , Mrs. Hudson , just another client .
 What a very amiable person .
 I may not be quite so bulky , but -

 fancy his having the insolence to confound me with the official detective force .
 Ah , this incident gives zest to our investigation .
 I only hope our friend won 't suffer from her imprudence in allowing that brute to trace her here .
 One thought keeps nagging at me , Watson ,
 Roylott 's professional life in India , if it was so successful , why would he exchange it for a life of aristocratic penury ?
 My friend Cooms would know .
 Cooms was in Calcutta around that time .
 Find your friend Cooms and see what you can get from him .
 I shall walk down to Doctors ' Commons , where I hope to get some data which may help us in this matter .
 Let us meet again at 1 : 00 under the clock at Waterloo Station .
 That is , if you 've finished your breakfast by then .
 Oh , and your revolver ,
 I would be obliged if you would slip it into your pocket .
 An Eley # 2 is an excellent argument against gentlemen who can twist steel pokers into knots .
 That , and your toothbrush , are I think all we need .
 I 've seen the will of the deceased wife .
 Her annual income at the time of her death was a little short of 1100 pounds , but , due to the fall in agricultural prices , there 's now no more than 750 pounds .

 Each girl in case of marriage , could claim 250 pounds .
 So , if both girls had married , ah , beauty ,
 Grimesby Roylott would have had a mere pittance .
 And even one marriage would ruin him .
 The strongest possible motive .
 Oh , did you manage to find Cooms ?
 Yes , I did .
 He proved rather hard to locate , but I finally managed to get him through Swanson at Bards .
 He did know Roylott in Calcutta , confirmed what the girl had said , and added one intriguing fact .
 Now , it seems that a series of robberies had been perpetrated in his house , and suspicion fell on his native butler .
 Roylott promptly seized the man , and in a fit of anger beat the poor fellow to death , narrowly escaped a capital sentence , but suffered a long term of imprisonment , and returned to this country a morose and disappointed man .



 Ah , Watson , it 's a wicked world .
 And when a clever man turns his brain to crime , it 's the worst of all .



 On holiday , are you , gentlemen ?
 No , we 're architects , taking a look at some of the local houses .
 Ah , that 's why you 're wanting Stoke Moran .
 I didn 't think it was for social reasons .
 You 'll be , doing business with Dr. Roylott then ?
 Yes , I believe that was the name .
 If you don 't mind a word of warning , you want to take care with him , sir .

 There are some round these parts say he 's not right in the head .
 Really ?
 Only yesterday , Mr. Thorn , the blacksmith , had a most nasty experience with the Doctor because of those thieving gypsies who are camped in the grounds .

 Oh , yes , we 've heard about the gypsies and the leopard .
 The story goes , the Doctor threw Mr. Thorn in the stream in a fit of uncontrollable temper .
 And that Thorn , he 's not a small man .
 Good Lord , is he bringing a charge of assault ?
 He was going to , but Miss Stoner , the Doctor 's young stepdaughter , paid him some of her own money to keep it quiet .
 Well , that 's what I heard .
 Well , I never .
 Did you hear that , Holmes , the more I see and hear of that young lady , the more my admiration increases , young woman of commendable spirit .

 You can pull up here , driver .
 Who do you mean ?
 Well , Miss Stoner , of course , most admirable .
 Ah , Miss Stoner .





 Everything worked splendidly .
 Dr. Roylott has gone to London and he won 't be back before the evening .
 But we have already had the pleasure of Dr. Roylott 's acquaintance .
 Goodness , he followed me ?
 Yes , he turned up just after you left , but Holmes sent him off with a flea in his ear .
 He 's so cunning , I never know when I 'm safe from him .
 Well then , he must guard himself , or he may find someone more cunning than himself upon his track , shall we .


 Holmes , don 't you think we ought to get
 Miss Stoner away from here tonight ?
 And arouse suspicion ?
 But if he 's violent ...
 We shall be here .




 So this is Dr. Roylott 's room , this formerly your sister 's , and this your room ?
 Yes , I am now sleeping in this one .
 Ah , pending the alterations .
 Miss Stoner , may I ask something , that 's unusual , isn 't it , bedrooms on the ground floor ?
 The bedrooms were moved downstairs when so much of the house fell into decay .
 Oh , yes , of course , how sad .

 There seems little need for repairs to this end of the house .
 There are none , I believe it was an excuse to move me from my room .
 Ah , that is suggestive .
 Miss Stoner , would you be so kind as to go into the room in which you are now sleeping and bolt the shutters .

 What are you doing , Watson ?
 Well , I 'm using your methods , Holmes , seeing whether the ground has been disturbed .
 And what have you come up with ?
 Your footprints , I believe , and mine and Miss Stoner 's , and this .

 No one could pass these if they were bolted .
 Well , let 's see if the inside throws any light on the matter .




 Where does that bell communicate with ?
 It goes to the housekeeper 's room .
 It looks newer than the other things .
 Yes , it was only put there a couple of years ago .
 Ah , your sister asked for it ?
 I never heard of her using it .
 We used to get what we wanted for ourselves .
 Indeed , you will excuse me while I satisfy myself as to this floor .


 It doesn 't ring .
 That 's very strange .

 A ventilator into another room .
 You mean , when it might have communicated with the outside air ?
 That is also quite modern .
 Indeed .
 Miss Stoner , with your permission , we will now carry our research to Dr. Roylott 's chamber .






 What 's in here ? My stepfather 's business papers .
 Ah , you 've seen inside it , then ?
 Only once , some years ago .
 I remember it was full of papers .
 Is there a cat in there ?
 No , what a strange idea .
 Well , look at this !
 No , we don 't keep a cat .
 Ah , well , a leopard is a large cat , after all .
 Yes , but a saucer of milk wouldn 't go far in satisfying a leopard .
 The leopard is kept on a leash , is it ?
 This sort of leash , Watson ?
 What do you make of it ? Well , it 's a common enough dog leash , but I don 't know why it should be tied .
 We have no dog .
 Thank you , Miss Stoner , I have seen enough .

 I was going to ask if he 'd like some tea .
 Miss Stoner , it is very essential that you absolutely follow my advice in every respect .
 Your life may depend on it .
 I assure you that I 'm in your hands .
 In the first place , on the way here we passed a small cottage .

 The shill house .
 Will the windows of your sister 's room be visible from there ?
 Yes .
 You are sure ?
 Yes . Then we shall make it our base .

 Some refreshment ?
 We shall have dine shalt we , Holmes ?
 Is there a village inn ? The Crown .
 Oh , good .
 Thank you all the same .
 Now , Miss Stoner , when your stepfather returns , you must confine yourself in your room on pretense of a headache .

 Then when you hear your stepfather retire for the night , you must go to the windows , undo the hasp , open the shutters , and leave your lamp on the window sill as a signal to us .



 Then withdraw with anything you may want for the night to your old room .
 I have no doubt that , in spite of the repairs , you could manage there for one night .
 Oh , yes , of course .
 And now , we must leave .
 If Dr. Roylott should return and find us here , our journey would be in vain .
 I believe , Mr. Holmes , that you 've already made up your mind .
 For pity sake , tell me the cause of my sister 's death .
 Be brave .
 If you do as I have told you , rest assured we shall soon drive away the dangers that threaten you .

 Yes , it is a clear view .


 Are you expecting this to take all night , Holmes ?
 It 's possible , anything 's possible .
 When a doctor goes wrong , he is the first of criminals .
 He has nerve , he has knowledge ,
 Palmer and Pritchard were among the heads of their profession , this man strikes even deeper .
 I really have some scruples taking you tonight .
 There is a distinct element of danger .
 If I can be of assistance ?
 That 's very kind of you .

 You evidently saw more in those rooms than was visible to me , Holmes .
 No , I probably deduced a little more .

 Do you remember Miss Stoner said that her sister could smell
 Dr. Roylott 's cigar ?
 Well ?
 The ventilator , a ventilator made , a cord hung , and a woman who lies in the bed , dies .
 I can 't see any connection .
 Did you notice anything peculiar about the bed ?
 It was clamped to the floor .
 It could not be moved , had to remain in the same relative position to the ventilator and the rope , or so we may call it , since it was clearly never made for a bell pull .
 I begin to see dimly what you 're driving at .
 We 're only just in time to prevent some subtle and horrible crime .
 Whoah , boy .
 Goodnight .


 Did you have a good day ?
 Not without interest .
 Where did you get to this morning ?
 I decided to go to town , too .
 I had some shopping to do for the wedding .
 You knew I was going up , we might have traveled together .
 I left early .
 Yes , I know you did . So that I should be back by lunchtime ,
 I had some things to do here this afternoon . My trip was a whim .
 You always were a good little liar .
 If you 'll excuse me , I have a terrible headache .
 Holmes , the meddler , Holmes , the busybody ,
 Holmes , the Scotland Yard Jack- in- office .

 The signal .




 My God , what 's that ?
 It 's the baboon .
 This is a nice household .

 We must sit without light .


 Do not fall asleep ; your very life may depend upon it .


 You see it , Watson , you see it ?



 What can it mean ?
 It means it is over , and perhaps , for the best .
 Come Watson , bring your pistol .



 It 's the band , the speckled band , it is a swamp adder , the deadliest snake in India .
 He has died within seconds of being bitten .




 Violence does , in truth , recoil upon the violent , and the schemer falls into the pit which he digs for another .



 The idea of a snake occurred to me when I coupled it with the knowledge that the Doctor was furnished with a supply of creatures from India .
 A form of poison , rapid and lethal .
 Which couldn 't possibly be discovered by any chemical test .
 It might , or might not bite the occupant of the bed .
 She might escape every night for a week , but sooner or later , she must fall a victim .
 Oh , my poor Julia .
 The Doctor had trained the snake , probably with the milk , to return at the sound of a whistle , the very whistle which you and your late sister heard .



 My inspection of the chair in Dr. Roylott 's room had shown that he had been in the habit of standing upon it to reach the ventilator .

 Last night when I attacked the snake and drove it back through the ventilator ,
 I roused its snakish temper , causing it to turn upon the next person that it saw .
 Dr. Grimesby Roylott .
 So you , Holmes , were indirectly responsible for his death . I cannot say that it is likely to weigh very heavily on my conscience .
