 Oh , boy .
 What ?
 I can 't comment without violating our agreement that I don 't criticize your work .
 Then what was " Oh , boy " ?
 Great restraint on my part .
 There 's nothing wrong with the science here .
 Perhaps you mean a different thing than I do when you say , " Science . "
 Okay , how 's that ?
 You actually had it right in the first place
 Once again , you 've fallen for one of my classic pranks .
 Bazinga !

 Now here 's a peculiar e- mail .
 The president of the university wants me to meet him at his office tomorrow morning at 8 : 00 a . m . Why ? It doesn 't say .
 It must be an emergency .
 Everyone at the university knows I eat breakfast at 8 : 00 and move my bowels at 8 : 20 .
 Yes , how did we live before Twitter ? I guess you 'll find out what it is in the morning .
 That 's 14 hours away .
 For the next 840 minutes ,
 I 'm effectively one of Heisenberg 's particles ;
 I know where I am or I know how fast I 'm going , but I can 't know both .
 Yet how am I supposed to carry on with this huge annoying thing hovering over my head ? Yeah , I know the feeling .
 * Our whole universe was in a hot , dense state *
 * Then nearly 14 billion years ago expansion started ... Wait ! * * The Earth began to cool
 * The autotrophs began to drool , Neanderthals developed tools * * Math , Science , History , unraveling the mystery *
 * That all started with a big bang *

 Leonard ?
 Leonard ?
 Leonard ? ( sighs ) Sheldon , it 's 2 : 00 in the morning .
 Why is everybody keep telling me what time it is ?
 Everybody ?
 You , the president of the university , his wife , their sullen teenage daughter .
 That entire family is fascinated by what time it is and whether people know it .
 You went to President Seibert 's house in the middle of the night ? He didn 't respond to my e- mail , his phone number is unlisted .
 Tell me what my other option was .
 You could have waited until morning .
 I know , look who I 'm talking to .
 Do you remember the grant proposal I submitted to the National Science Foundation to detect slow- moving monopoles at the magnetic North Pole ?
 ( tinkling ) Hardly a day goes by when I don 't think about it .
 Aw , how nice .
 Well , a space opened up at the last minute on the NSF expedition to the Arctic Circle .
 Wait a minute .
 ( toilet flushes )
 He offered to send you to the North Pole ?
 Yes .
 In fact , he was quite enthusiastic .
 He said , " Frankly , if I could send you tonight , I would . "
 Okay , well , do you want to go ?
 Of course not . I 'm a theoretical physicist .
 A career I chose in no small part because it 's indoors , but if I 'm able to detect slow- moving magnetic monopoles there ,
 I will be the scientis to confirm string theory .
 People will write books about me .
 Third- graders will create macaroni- art dioramas depicting scenes from my life .
 Sure , maybe a tableau of me trying to pummel you to death .
 Sarcasm ? Maybe .
 I 'm on the horns of a dilemma .
 Can you imagine me , Sheldon Cooper , at the North Pole ?
 Easy peasy , I 'm doing it right now .
 I 'm not good with cold , Leonard .
 How often have we had to leave a movie theater because I got a headache from drinking the Icee too fast ?
 I can 't go . Well , then don 't go .
 How can you say that ?
 The scientific opportunity of a lifetime presents itself and my best friend says " Don 't go . "
 All right , then go . Listen to you .
 How can I possibly go ?
 Sheldon , what are the words I can say right now to end this conversation and let me go back to sleep ?
 Odd , President Seibert posed the exact same question .
 How was it resolved ?
 His wife set their dogs on me and rendered the question moot .
 It wasn 't .
 Just imagine .
 If he says yes , we 'll have an entire summer without Sheldon . We could play outside .
 We could sit on the left side of the couch .
 I could use the bathroom at 8 : 20 .

 Our dreams are very small , aren 't they ?
 Good news , gentlemen , I have tentatively accepted ...
 ALL : Yeah ! Whoo- hoo !

 ... the invitation to join the Arctic Expedition .
 It 's not gonna be the same without you . Godspeed .
 Thank you , but your sentiments may be premature .
 Ooh , I don 't like where this is going .
 I would like to propose ... that the three of you accompany me .
 To the North Pole ?
 Yes . Is this just so we won 't touch your stuff while you 're away ?
 I 'll admit that was a concern .
 But the fact is ,
 I 'll need a support team . And the three of you are my first choice .
 Really ?
 Well , there are others who might be more qualified , but the thought of interviewing them gave me a stomachache .
 Now , I know I 'm proposing an enormous undertaking , so why don 't you take a few moments to discuss it ?
 We 're not really gonna go to the North Pole with him , are we ?
 SHELDON : I 'm still within earshot !
 You may want to wait for my door to close .
 ( door closes ) We 're not really gonna go to the North Pole with him , are we ?
 Hang on . Let 's talk about it . This is a National Science Foundation expedition .
 I don 't know how we can turn it down .
 Easy .
 Instead of saying , " No , we don 't want to go on an NSF expedition , " say , " No , we don 't want to spend
 " three months stuck in a cabin in the Arctic Circle with an anal nutbag . "
 But if we were part of the team that confirmed string theory , we could drink for free in any bar in any college town with a university that has a strong science program .
 Howard , this is big science .
 You could be the engineer who builds the equipment that puts us on the cover of magazines .
 I could also be the engineer who builds the crossbow that kills Sheldon .
 You still might get on a magazine .
 So you guys are seriously considering this ?
 Yes .
 And you think you can put up with Sheldon ? Well , I 'm a Hindu .
 My religion teaches that if we suffer in this life we are rewarded in the next .
 Three months at the North Pole with Sheldon , and I 'm reborn as a well- hung billionaire with wings !

 Well , gentlemen , have you reached a decision ?
 I 'm in . Me , too .
 Oh , damn it . Peer pressure .
 Fine .
 Excellent .
 Just an FYl , as I am the expedition 's team leader , protocol dictates that be phrased , " Fine , sir . "
 But don 't worry , there will be a briefing .
 ( imitates gunshot )
 Penny .
 ( knocking ) Sheldon .

 Penny .
 ( knocking ) Sheldon .
 Penny . ( knocking ) Sheldon .
 Penny .
 ( knocking ) Sheldon .
 Penny ! ( knocking ) Sheldon !
 Penny !
 What do you want ?
 I need access to the Cheesecake Factory 's walk- in freezer .
 Now , honey , I already told you , the hamburger meat is fresh and stored at a safe temperature .
 No .
 This is to train for a three- month expedition to the magnetic North Pole . What ?
 I don 't know how that sentence could possibly confuse you ... but to elaborate , I 'm going to the Arctic Circle with Leonard , Wolowitz and Koothrappali .
 You 're all going ? Yes . For three months ?
 Yes .
 Excuse me .

 Is that a yes or a no on the freezer ?
 The woman has the attention span of a gnat .
 PENNY : Hey , Leonard . Hey .
 Sheldon says you 're going to the North Pole .
 Yeah . Pretty cool , huh ? Yeah .
 I 'm just a little surprised you didn 't tell me .
 Oh , well , it all happened kind of fast .
 And we had to get physicals and buy thermal underwear and study up on , you know , snow and stuff .
 Sorry , I was gonna tell you .
 Oh , hey , no , you don 't have to apologize . There 's no reason you have to tell me .
 I was just ... you know , surprised .
 Yes , yes , you were busy , you were surprised , all very fascinating .
 Now where do we stand on the freezer ? Is he serious ?
 Actually , it would help .
 All right , I 'll see what I can do .
 So , three months at the North Pole .
 Wow , that is ... awesome . Yeah .
 I 'm sorry , but at what point do you put this
 " see what you can do " plan into action ? Just a warning , Sheldon --
 The freezer locks from the outside . Did she seem upset to you ?
 No .
 Did she seem upset to you ? No . Oh , good , I got it right .

 Are you upset ?
 A little bit . Two for two .
 I 'm on fire .
 I mean , I know she 's not my girlfriend or anything , but wouldn 't you think she 'd feel a little bad that I 'm going to be gone for the whole summer ?
 That feels like a bonus question .
 I 'm going to stop here while I 'm ahead , but I had a great time .

 is to acclimate us to the use of tools in extreme temperatures such as we will face in the Arctic Circle .
 Where are your tools ? Right here .
 All right , team , open up your practice kits .
 As the university did not permit me to bring the actual equipment we 'll be using to the Cheesecake Factory , because apparently ,
 I 'm " ridiculous , "
 I 've provided substitutes which will exercise your fine motor skills .
 Leonard , you will be doing a series of complex mathematical problems on a vintage Casio model 1175 calculator watch I received when I won the Earth Science medal in 3rd grade .
 Treat it with respect .
 Raj , you will be painting sideburns and a Van Dyke on a six- inch figurine of Legolas the elf .
 Now , remember , a Van Dyke is a goatee without a mustache .
 Wolowitz , you will be completing a series of delicate surgical procedures on the classic children 's game " Operation . "
 To begin with , you will
 " remove funny bone for two hundred dollars . " For this I went to MlT . And begin .
 ( groaning )
 I think I swallowed some paint !
 I can 't press any of the buttons with my gloves .
 Oh , son of a bitch !
 Adversity is to be expected .
 Continue . ( game buzzing ) Oh , boy , am I gonna get sued .
 Okay , I can 't do this .
 Me either . Gentlemen , use your imagination .
 Innovate .
 Did Han Solo let Luke Skywalker freeze to death on the ice planet of Hoth ?
 No . He cut open a tauntaun and used its internal body heat to warm him up . You heard the man .
 Hold him down and I 'll cut him open .
 Hang on , I know I don 't possess the tools of leadership , but I don 't understand why we can 't assemble the equipment inside the hut and then take it outside .
 I hadn 't thought of that .
 I guess we 're done here .

 Here , drink slash eat this .
 What is it ? Hot chocolate with a stick of butter .
 Okay , why ?
 Because in the frigid temperatures in the Arctic , we need to consume at least 5, 000 calories a day just to maintain our body weight .
 Sheldon , you know I can 't eat butter . I 'm lactose intolerant . Way ahead of you , that 's an
 " I Can 't Believe It 's Not Butter " stick .
 But all the other guys are going to the North Pole . I don 't care what the other guys are doing .
 If the other guys jumped in the Bay of Bengal and tried to swim to Sri Lanka , would you follow them ?
 If you were standing behind me nagging , I might . Don 't talk back to your mother .
 This trip is much too dangerous , Rajesh . No , it 's not .
 Howard , tell them .

 I understand your concern , but if it 'll make you feel any better , my mother is fine with me going , and this is a woman who kept a safety rail on my bed until I was 17 .
 So , she has no problem with her son being eaten by a walrus ? That 's very unlikely , Mrs. Koothrappali .
 If Raj dies , it 'll be from frostbite , gangrene , acute sunburn or being ripped to shreds by a 1, 500 pound polar bear .
 Ma , I 'm putting you on speakerphone with Raj 's parents .
 Can you tell them that you 're okay with me going to the Arctic ? Arctic ? !
 I thought you said Arkansas !
 I didn 't say that . You never listen to me ! He doesn 't tell me anything !
 He lives a secret life because he 's ashamed !
 Hey , Leonard , can I talk to you for a sec ?
 Sure , but let 's go out here ( Wolowitz 's mom ranting ) where there 's a little less yelling and guilt .
 What 's up ? Well , I got you a little going away present .
 Oh , a blanket .
 Oh , no , no , no , not just a blanket .
 See , it has sleeves .
 Yeah !
 So , you can , you know , be all snoodled up while you do your science stuff .
 Oh , wow , cool . Oh , I 'm gonna miss you .


 See you later .
 Bye .
 MRS. KOOTHRAPALl : I told you no !
 Why don 't you believe me ?
 MRS. WOLOWlTZ :
 ' Cause it doesn 't make sense to me !
 How can it be that in the entire country of India , there isn 't one Outback Steakhouse ? !

 ( knocking on door )
 Sheldon ...
 Sheldon ?
 I want a cookie , Meemaw .

 Sheldon , it 's me .
 But Meemaw just made cookies .
 Listen , I don 't know if I can go on the expedition .
 What ?
 I don 't think I can go to the North Pole . Okay , Leonard ,
 I know you 're concerned about disappointing me but I want you to take comfort from the knowledge that my expectations of you are very low .
 Yeah , that 's very comforting . Comforting is a part of leadership .
 It 's not a part I care for , but such is my burden . Terrific , it 's just that
 I don 't think Penny wants me to go .
 Assuming that 's a valid reason not to go , which it isn 't , how do you know this ?
 Did she say it ? Not exactly . But she said she was gonna miss me and she gave me this .

 What is it ? It 's a blanket with sleeves .
 Oh , that 's clever .

 Let me see if I understand this correctly .
 Her missing you is an emotional state you find desirable ?
 Yes , obviously .
 All right . Well , given that missing you is predicated on you leaving ,
 logic dictates you must leave .
 Yes , okay , but I 'm gonna be gone for three months .
 What if she doesn 't miss me that long and she meets someone else ? She does have a short attention span .
 So , I can 't go .
 Leonard , you may be right .
 It appears that Penny secretly wants you in her life in a very intimate and carnal fashion .
 You really think so ? Of course not .
 Even in my sleep- deprived state , I 've managed to pull off another one of my classic pranks .
 Bazinga !

 Oh , Leonard , what time is it ?
 It 's 7 : 00 a . m .
 I 'm sorry it 's early , but we 're leaving soon , and I needed to talk to you .
 Okay .
 What did you mean when you said you 're going to miss me ?
 Um , I don 't know .
 You 'll be gone and I 'll notice .
 Okay , well , um , what about this ?
 What does this mean ?
 Wine , credit card and late night television are a bad combination .
 All right , fine . What about that really long hug ?
 What did that mean ?
 That wasn 't a long hug . It was at least five Mississippis .
 A standard hug is two Mississippis tops .
 Leonard , I don 't know what to tell you . It was just a hug .
 Glad we cleared that up .
 Yeah . I guess I 'll see you . Okay , have a safe trip .
 Thank you . Bye .
 Okay , bye .

 ( sighs )
 Means I wish you weren 't going .

 Damn it .
 What ?
 We 're out of ice .
 All right , men , we begin initial assembly and deployment of the testing equipment starting tomorrow at 0700 hours , but until then , you are all off duty .
 I suggest you keep the shenanigans to a minimum as medical help is 18 hours away by dogsled .
 What are you working on ? Crossbow . Hey , guys , can I just say something ?
 How about we take a moment to think about where we are right now ?
 This is literally the top of the world .
 Only a handful of people in all of human history will ever see what we are going to see .
 He 's right .
 Yeah , wow . It is remarkable .
 So , who 's up for a movie ?
 Good idea , what do you think ?
 Ice Station Zebra or John Carpenter 's The Thing ? I say double feature .
 Dinner 's ready !
 What are we having ?
 Reconstituted Thai food . Did you bring the dehydrated low- sodium soy sauce ?
 Check .
 Freeze- dried spicy mustard ? Check .
 Flash- frozen brown rice , not white ? Uh , oh , sorry .
 Not to worry .
 ( laughing ) :
 I hid it . Bazinga !

 You 're in my spot .

 There 's no time for a crossbow .
 Find me an icicle .




