

















0 0 : 0 0 : 4 4 , 7 1 1 - -&gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 4 6 , 7 1 3 ‎ (Red Cloud Middle School) ‎ Hey baby
‎ - How are you? ‎ - Where have you been?
‎ - what? ‎ - Where have you been? ‎ I 'm sorry, I was delayed at Shamrock‎ I probably forgot the time‎ Are you drinking?
‎ Xiaojin, just a glass of beer
‎ - doesn 't smell like just a beer‎ - I say yes
‎ let 's go, get in the car

‎ Xiaojin, I don 't want to do this‎ Hurry up, it 's so cold outside
‎ Let 's go buy food and go home
‎ Buy a box of Chicken McNuggets to share‎ Watch what 's on TV

‎ I use to go
‎ Really? You 're going to walk three miles with the cello on your back
‎ Don 't be silly, get in the car

‎ I 'll let you choose the radio station, come on

‎ Xiao Jin, get in the car now
‎ I said just a beer‎ Do you have to do this?


‎ You don 't believe me?
‎ Little Jin, get in the car, or I 'll drive home‎ Hurry up and get in the car

‎ I 'm serious, I 'm leaving

‎ Okay, don 't listen to me
‎ You never listen!









‎ NETFLIX Original Series
‎ Free‎ Free Riding‎ Free Exploring
‎ Financial freedom
‎ do what you want
‎ Hi, I 'm the president of Donwa Tyre ‎ Mesa Verde
‎ Over the past ten years, our family has proudly
‎ Here in the Southwest‎ Helping Your Family Increase Savings
‎ You are free to not be charged hidden fees
‎ Also have the freedom to choose the account that suits you
‎ - Isn 't it, Kevin? ‎ - That 's right, Dad‎ Yes! ‎ Let our family find you freedom in Mesa Verde

‎ (Mesa Verde Bank Trust)
‎ Can you do it? ‎ There is a visual mixer in the media room‎ I think we can do what you want‎ with makeup and styling‎ we can shoot the same era
‎ great‎ I like it
‎ it will be great
‎ I feel like that man is about to spit me out
‎ When do you want it?
‎ The sooner the better, tomorrow is the best
‎ I 'll analyze it for you, boss


‎ You have 10 shots‎ I counted 12, 13 locations
‎ Also posters, images‎ You just said video effects
‎ That would take a week, maybe longer
‎ It may take longer, we have midterm exams
‎ And we have to carry equipment everywhere ‎ We also need actors and catering services
‎ Have you surveyed these locations? ‎ Do I have a place to plug in? ‎ And toilets, everyone needs them‎ They will . . .
‎ Hello, first. . .
‎ There must be a way, okay? ‎ Because we are smart
‎ So we 'll figure out a way, right?
‎ - Cut the number of shots‎ - No
‎ I want shock and awe‎ Nothing less will do

‎ What if the actors were replaced by narration?
‎ Or you can shoot all in one location
‎ No actors, no scales, no shocks‎ No, this . . .
‎ I think we just need to get out
‎ Just take a shot, we can do it
‎ dude, can 't do it


‎ - We can . . . ‎ - Can 't


‎ I don 't know, what if you were like Superman?
‎ how?
‎ Just like Superman
‎ Like a weather anchor, I think it 's a blue screen

‎ You mean green screen? ‎ Whatever, blue or green
‎ Is it possible?
‎ Do you have a green screen?




‎ Nice, folks

‎ - Red Phoenix, Yellow Phoenix‎ - What?
‎ - red phoenix, yellow phoenix‎ - very good




‎ Ma slow mother scolds the horse
‎ - Ma slow mother scolds horse‎ - Red Phoenix, Yellow Phoenix
‎ red phoenix, red . . . yellow, yellow phoenix
‎ Ready to start

‎ Ladies and gentlemen, so many things, so little time
‎ - Who has memorized the lines? ‎ - Yes, I believe I 've memorized it

‎ I like confident people
‎ A month after my prostate surgery‎ I was playing a wizard in the square
‎ - Gotta be confident ‎ - Good, God bless you
‎ Take that confidence and stand on the floor mark
‎ That 's your position, don 't move, okay?
‎ But don 't be too rigid, understand? ‎ try to be natural
‎ speak to me
‎ As usual with friends, but
‎ Be fearful, be emotional
‎ You 're looking for a hero, understand?
‎ No one is going to save you?
‎ But don 't act too hard‎ Go with the flow, but be emotional
‎ okay? OK, how 's it going?
‎ - Let 's shoot‎ - Good
‎ If you need it, there are big-character posters
‎ But don 't look at them, look at me, okay?
‎ - but there they are, on recording‎ - on
‎ - What about the lens? ‎ - Recording speed
‎ start shooting
‎ Well, standing here, you look stunning
‎ eyes open
‎ OK, can I pull your jaw? ‎ A little to the side?
‎ - Well, that 's it, on video‎ - I can 't . . .
‎ - Five Four Three Two, Magic‎ - Magic


‎ - Delicious‎ - Officially no pizza
‎ Because we 're going to shoot an ad, I 'll take it here
‎ Look this way, okay? keep it like this
‎ ok, do it for me, like
‎ You 're a cool guy, understand? But don 't be too cool‎ I want you to sympathize


‎ Let 's give a double like, good
‎ Let it go, no one will believe it
‎ Okay, I think it 's a bit too much to take the cane‎ Can you give it to me?
‎ five four three two, magic
‎ - what? ‎ - Please let it go, okay?

‎ You look thin, okay?
‎ Okay, can I have a warm smile? ‎ Can 't you?
‎ I 'm trying to guide
‎ - Okay, get out of the way‎ - Okay, start shooting

‎ Be cool, like this, okay?
‎ Yes, like this
‎ Too much to put your hands on . . . yes
‎ stand on a fork, good
‎ smile
‎ Turn sideways, don 't give her your Coke

‎ Now put on a stinky face, sullen


‎ I said 'shooting', just look this way‎ No, hurry up
‎ Turn your head with a jerk‎ Come from above, start shooting
‎ Look back, well, who else?
‎ That way it doesn 't reflect light, okay? ‎ looks normal, look in
‎ see where I 'm pointing
‎ No, be like this


‎ a little more

‎ well, be realistic

‎ card

‎ pretty









‎ I 'm Sal Goodman, if you . . .




‎ Wait a minute . . .
‎ here you go, sorry you missed most of it
‎ Are you going in? ‎ We have a slice or two of pizza left‎ No, I ate it at the office
‎ Are you sure? ‎ It 's the cold pizza that community theater actors love to eat‎ Are you going to miss that?
‎ Yes, I don 't think I 'll eat it‎ I just want to talk to you
‎ Have a talk? OK
‎ No problem, take a five-minute break
‎ Good news, I found Olivia Beatrice‎ She is 92 years old


‎ She has some Navajo Native ancestry‎ and lives outside Window Rock
‎ I will call her tomorrow morning‎ Hope to meet
‎ - Jimmy‎ - I 'll bring flowers
‎ Or a cake gift box from Brother Bakery?
‎ - Great idea‎ - Jimmy, what do you think . . . ?

‎ Will Ike accept the 75,000 settlement?
‎ - Seventy-five thousand? ‎ - Yes, will he take it?
‎ You mean Kevin is willing to give seventy-five thousand?
‎ I . . .
‎ Listen, we 'll try to talk a little higher ‎ I 'll make up the difference
‎ OK, wait a minute
‎ You make up the difference to mean‎ you have to pay for it out of your own pocket?
‎ I. . . yes‎ I need to wrap up now and move on
‎ Why? No, we 'll get it done
‎ Ricky is suspicious
‎ he said something
‎ He guessed how you became Ike 's lawyer‎ Questioning my intentions
‎ Enough to get me out of this case
‎ Let 's do this ‎ Ricky will know what 's going on
‎ The truth is that Ricky doesn 't know anything
‎ - yes don 't know yet‎ - yes never know
‎ He has no evidence, can 't prove anything
‎ you may be right


‎ but not worth it

‎ So what about this play?
‎ This drama is awesome
‎ gosh, it 's like ‎ watching a home run drift out of bounds

‎ This is your play‎ If you want to quit, we will quit

‎ So I have to go in and talk to them
‎ It takes a lot of cleaning to get Mrs. Ruan to open the store early, so...
‎ - I 'm here to help‎ - No, you worked all day
‎ Jimmy, you 're doing this all because of me, I 'm here to help
‎ okay
‎ OK, but don 't touch the camera‎ He claims it 's an extension of his body
‎ understand














‎ Are you Mike?
‎ The Yankee who made Lalo so upset?
‎ - If Hector or Cousins ​​find out . . . ‎ - They won 't find out‎ Go to work
‎ Lalo uses his informant connections
‎ He told Domingo to notify the DEA‎ to sell your pills
‎ When and where they trade
‎ Your people will be swept away
‎ Upgrade low-level medicine heads
‎ Or find a few new people‎ and let them get caught
‎ Protect our people
‎ - No problem‎ - What else? ‎ He talks a lot
‎ Rob your van, take on your restaurant
‎ Make your guests sick
‎ Cut off power, break water mains
‎ He 's going to cut off your business
‎ Until the southern bosses think it 's not worth using you

‎ From now on, you report to him
‎ He needs you, so don 't hesitate ‎ Direct action



‎ I guess you don 't speak well


‎ Do you know who you work for? ‎ Good job this guy

‎ they shot me
‎ Make me bleed in the desert‎ It 's all part of a plan
‎ I don 't know what to say to you‎ I warned you
‎ - what? ‎ - I warned you
‎ When you 're in trouble with Hector Salamanca‎, there 's someone else to worry about
‎ You made a choice‎ You are clearly involved
‎ My dad didn 't
‎ He pointed a gun at my dad 's head
‎ I don 't do what he says . . .
‎ listen, step by step
‎ Let 's deal with Lalo first

‎ Let 's discuss


‎ Peggy with Kim, Ricky and Marcy
‎ Guys, I hope you call with good news‎ - are you seated? ‎ - Gosh, does it really exist?
‎ Yes, Ike decided to settle
‎ Talk to Kevin about his call center
‎ Great, Kevin will be happy to die‎ When will the verdict be finalized? ‎ We have an appointment for a meeting with Mr. Goodman at three o 'clock on Wednesday.

‎ I am so satisfied
‎ Kevin will be there to celebrate
‎ I can 't wait
‎ - congratulations, Peggy‎ - congratulations you are
‎ Kim, this is another difficult time, but you did it again
‎ It is a team effort, we will email you the details
‎ Great, see you next time
‎ good
‎ Now that it 's settled, you too‎ I 'm looking for Jason in Charlotte
‎ Tell Us About the Changes at Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac
‎ Dorothy, can you connect me to North Carolina?
‎ Actually before that . . . ‎ Sorry, Marcie, could you just walk away?
‎ OK, no problem
‎ Dorothy, don 't make that call yet‎ Thank you
‎ I . . .
‎ I want to talk about yesterday
‎ Ricky, you 've been so generous to me‎ I shouldn 't be talking to you

‎ That 's very unprofessional
‎ I believe I was right to stay in this case
‎ But that reaction is wrong

‎ That 's it
‎ I just want to say sorry


‎ Xiaojin, if you are upset with me, just say
‎ Actually, it 's okay if you want to lose your temper
‎ I 'm not perfect, I broke down several times
‎ but never in front of subordinates
‎ I don 't have to transcribe you to know it 's a blow to morale and confidence
‎ I will never do it again
‎ Hey, yes, no, we 'll call Charlotte another day
‎ Also, cancel my appointment at 12:30, but keep the reservation
‎ Yes, thank you

‎ you and me‎ let 's go to lunch
‎ Everyone needs to see us
‎ Is it possible? ‎ - Yes‎ - Well, please first












‎ (San Pedro Library Branch)
‎ - hi‎ - hi‎ may I ask
‎ - Are these really only $25 a copy? ‎ - Exactly
‎ Why is it so cheap? ‎ Is there damage that I don 't see?
‎ No, it was a lot of people who donated the books we already had
‎ The bookshelf doesn 't have enough space
‎ So we sell what we can and buy newer books
‎ no joke
《Gold and Silver Island》

‎ good
‎ and The Little Prince
‎ My granddaughter will love it
‎ Okay, I 'll take eight copies first
‎ - Okay, eight is two dollars‎ - Okay, ma 'am



‎ - Thanks, do you want a bag? ‎ - No, thanks
‎ May I ask ‎ - Is there a Lilian Simmons here? ‎ - Yes, I 'm Lily


‎ Lily, great
‎ My name is Dave Clark
‎ I 'm a Private Investigator
‎ - Is it about online travel? ‎ - Exactly

‎ I didn 't see much‎ but I told the police‎ You see a dark-haired, tall man with a mustache‎

‎ I 'm not even sure
‎ At that time, there were two layers of glass, and he leaned on the table again
‎ Is it convenient for you to sit down and talk? ‎ Do you remember any other details?

‎ Like I said‎ I told the police everything I remember
‎ I know‎ the police did their best with that information.
‎ But I am employed by a family member
‎ I want to help them find . . .
‎ They want an end, Lily
‎ put them at peace

‎ I will send money back to Taiwan to my parents‎ (This month 's main book)
‎ I send it every month‎ Fred is always there
‎ We didn 't talk much, but he was efficient
‎ So you saw that person inside on the day of the incident?
‎ Yes, it says 'Breaking' on the door ‎ but never ‎ and then the guy pointed at the siding‎ and waved me away
‎ I thought they had internet issues or something
‎ I 'll be back in 20 minutes
‎ So scary, all black smoke and fire
‎ The man with the mustache‎ You didn 't see him when you went back?
‎ Yes, the fire truck just arrived when I arrived
‎ Let 's recount when you first arrived‎ I guess you were driving
‎ - Yes‎ - Where did you park your car?
‎ Right at the gate
‎ - Are there any other cars parked there? ‎ - There are a few‎ The number is normal
‎ - Have an unusual or unique car? ‎ - Unusual?
‎ Classic cars, classic cars‎ Not the kind you see every day


‎ Actually, I think there should be
‎ Do you remember what kind of car it was?

‎ Oh, I really don 't understand cars
‎ It has four wheels
‎ good
‎ Does this car look familiar?




‎ Is this the car?
‎ It 's not my turn

‎ Yes, see it now
‎ Yes, this is the type of car
‎ Custom 1970 Monte Carlo?
‎ good
‎ You 've been a great help, Lily
‎ Thank you so much‎ Well, as long as you can help the poor family‎ - one more thing‎ - what?
‎ Please call the detective who asked you
‎ Pass this information firsthand‎ Talk to them that you remembered this detail
‎ That was a long time ago‎ I don 't think I can remember who it was from
‎ I have a record here
‎ Detective Tim Roberts, that 's his number‎ Call now and he should be there
‎ oh well
‎ Grey 1970 Chevrolet Monte Carlo
‎ Grey? ‎ If you don 't mind, don 't mention my name
‎ Police don 't like private detectives meddling in their affairs
‎ The credit goes to them all
‎ I just want justice‎ Of course, I understand


‎ Thank you, Lily

‎ (Court 112)
‎ You are so lucky‎ to be assigned to Judge Papadumian
‎ She likes my talent
‎ Baby, you worked so hard for us today‎ Don 't think I didn 't find out
‎ Do you want a quick horse twice as a reward?
‎ We won 't get your suit dirty‎ We 'll clean it with a hot towel
‎ A hot towel? Thank you for your kindness, but I got it
‎ Another day
‎ We 're going back anyway, it 's almost time for lunch
‎ You two . . . should you take a break?

‎ You don 't see restaurants closing at noon, do you? ‎ Lunch is rush hour
‎ Just be careful‎ Try not to get caught again, okay?
‎ good





‎ Two!


‎ Hey, how much do you charge an hour?
‎ Excuse me, Judge Green?
‎ - I keep hearing about your hole-in-one at Sandia? ‎ - I don 't want to say it 's all luck
‎ Then without further ado‎ US Open, here we come
‎ - Cliff, long wait? ‎ - No, you are on time
‎ Thank you, Francisco
‎ I saw you shaking hands with Judge Green‎ I wonder if you heard he was retiring
‎ No, retire?
‎ Yes, retired with his 22-year-old clerk
‎ Really? Wow

‎ Looks like she 's been doing a different kind of briefing with the judge, right?
‎ Well said, let 's hear a few more holes in one
‎ Have you two ordered dinner?

‎ Of course, do you still have to look at the menu or just order it?
‎ Just click




‎ I heard that S &amp; C left according to the script
‎ Erin they have preemptively redrawn the complaint
‎ And suddenly found another box of receipts
‎ Have you heard from Kelly? ‎ Is something wrong?

‎ Huo Ge, you know
‎ No, I don 't know‎ Don 't try to play us like that, Huo Ge
‎ this . . . I don 't know them
‎ You two, I don 't know you‎ This must be a mistake, so . . .
‎ Yes, we got it wrong, Joe is very unhappy
‎ you owe us
‎ - Owe you? ‎ - yes, owe
‎ You can 't take a carnival cruise ‎ and only pay for the tugboat, understand?
‎ - I can go first if you want. . . ‎ - No
‎ Listen, I don 't know what Joe Big or Tug
‎ So don 't make a fuss
‎ We ain 't going without the money, baby
‎ I don 't know you and I don 't owe you money‎ That 's all
‎ - Don 't touch her! ‎ - I didn 't . . .
‎ No, Cliff‎ They 're not my whores, they 're someone else 's
‎ Howard, are you sure you aren 't? ‎ They seem to be
‎ No, Cliff‎ My whores are taller than them


‎ gosh, i can do it










‎ Hello, is that Olivia Beatrice?
‎ Good afternoon, hello, my name is Sal Goodman
‎ I 'm a lawyer in Albuquerque, New Mexico
‎ Yes, I 'm a lawyer
‎ I would like to ask
‎ Have you heard of the Bank of Mesa Verde?






‎ you

‎ What is that?
‎ What?
‎ Well, how long has it been there?
‎ I don 't know
‎ Is that the inner envelope with no date on it?
‎ Yes, it 's today
‎ Today, for whom?

‎ Detective Roberts
‎ You don 't think Detective Roberts should
‎ Get it today?
‎ Yes, of course, sorry



‎ If the smell is coming from under your porch‎ it 's probably a possum
‎ Yes, Possum

‎ If it 's dead, I 'll investigate
‎ But you have to call Animal Control first ‎ Yes, I 'm sure
‎ You can also take a flashlight and look under the porch‎ to see for yourself what it is
‎ yes
‎ If the porch isn 't big enough to hold you‎ it 's probably not dead, okay?
‎ Yes, good luck
‎ (I think you will be interested in this‎ Forward to the online travel case officer)
‎ Ed, you have to look at this
‎ hit and run
‎ Same day as online travel homicide
‎ Take a look at the models
‎ 1970 Chevrolet Monte Carlo
‎ The same one that the librarian just announced‎ What are the odds?
‎ Who sent this? Officer Mavroth? ‎ I don 't read at all
‎ This person drove the car into the parking lot gate?
‎ So there was a Monte Carlo parked here‎ Half an hour before the murder
‎ Leave the hit-and-run scene‎ Travel eastwards online
‎ 20 blocks
‎ This looks like the one we 're going to arrest


‎ Is James always late? ‎ he will come
‎ I just care about fixing this
‎ get it done
‎ The signing will not be done today, but we will definitely reach an agreement



‎ Hello everyone
‎ Nice to see so many happy faces
‎ and you, Ricky, just kidding‎ - Jimmy, good to meet you‎ - Thrall
‎ My name is Sal Goodman during working hours
‎ This is Paige Novick ‎ Mesa Verde 's legal counsel
‎ Good luck
‎ Peggy, I know you 're the one who brought Kim Weisler to the team
‎ So I think you 're the brains behind the company
‎ I think you 're right
‎ This is the CEO of Tyre Mesa Verde, Kevin W.
‎ Oh, you know what? ‎ I can tell from the amazing belt buckle

‎ I 'm looking forward to resolving this
‎ Me too, let 's start
‎ Hey Viola, how are you?
‎ - I . . . very well‎ - good
‎ - I 'll just cut right in. . . ‎ - cut it
‎ As we discussed‎ Considering that according to the contract we only need to pay 5,000
‎ plus the market value of Mr. Ike 's house
‎ We think 45,000 is pretty generous
‎ I know, but you and I have a different definition of 'generous'



‎ I wouldn 't describe it that way
‎ here again
‎ We 're not going to pay more‎ No, I knew he would bargain‎ So just . . .
‎ This is what everyone wants
‎ How much are you asking for?
‎ Four million
‎ Four million, funny
‎ Mr. Ike asks for four million ‎ for his sufferings ‎ - that 's fair enough ‎ - what are you talking about?
‎ is four followed by six zeros‎ plus a coin number in front
‎ - we talked about it ‎ - we discussed
‎ We have a verbal agreement‎ is a number that both parties are satisfied with
‎ I discussed that number with my client
‎ He really doesn 't want to leave his house, his home
‎ Only four million will satisfy him


‎ I 'm sorry
‎ This is the end of the meeting. Ricky and I are going to discuss with Mr. Goodman.
‎ What are you thinking? ‎ you know you never get that money‎ - wait, don 't go‎ - you don 't waste their time anymore
‎ - No‎ - Kevin, the meeting is over
‎ Since everyone is talking‎ I want to bring up a completely unrelated thing‎ - Kevin, here we can handle‎ - No, this is really cool
‎ You will definitely want to see‎ Kevin, stay here, your dad is in there too
‎ What?
‎ Kevin, I insist you leave‎ This is a waste of your time

‎ - There is only one way to know‎ - Kevin, I suggest you keep going




‎ No, I want to see this


‎ Viola, may I ask you to pull the curtains?
‎ Viola? please draw the curtains






‎ come on
‎ Hey!
‎ I 'm Donwa Thiel‎ (What is Mesa Verde hiding?)
‎ President of Mesa Verde
‎ My bank used legal details to snatch my home
‎ I haven 't missed it half a time‎ That 's not right, Americans don 't do that
‎ Yes!
‎ Hi, I 'm Sal Goodman
‎ Have you or your family ever been improperly evicted from your home by Mesa Verde?
‎ Then you may be eligible‎ for a large settlement
‎ Hit 5 0 5 5 0 3 4 4 5 5 today!
‎ - What are you kidding? ‎ - those are not real
‎ - it is defamatory‎ - defamation
‎ The person you spoofed was my father
‎ - Jimmy, turn it off, you know you can 't ‎ - this is good
‎ I went to my bank to get money to buy something‎ and got a rash all over my body
‎ I can 't stop itching, it 's itching everywhere
‎ Yes!
‎ Hi, I 'm Sal Goodman

‎ You or your family‎ have ever walked into a Mesa Verde branch
‎ But brought black mold out?
‎ Then you might be eligible. . . .
‎ There is absolutely no way you can legally play this stuff
‎ Maybe
‎ but we 'll air before we argue‎ including Mexico, Arizona, Utah
‎ No, we 'll stop you before that
‎ Some call it a pre-review
‎ Did you know? You can stop us, but the media will play for free
‎ to open my safe
‎ (Interpreted by actors based on real events or imagination)
‎ * * * * Mr. was standing there, taking off his pants‎ - Big Stabbed Dew Bird‎ - Yes!
‎ My dad never did that!
‎ These are not real, they are fantasies
‎ That doesn 't matter, as soon as this rubbish airs‎ we will lose our reputation!
‎ will never get to that point
‎ Hey! ‎ I 'm Donwa Thiel‎ (What is Mesa Verde hiding?)
‎ Bank manager can 't explain where the extra fees go
‎ So I traced the flow of money
‎ The evidence couldn 't be clearer‎ My bank is financing terrorism
‎ - Yes! ‎ - stop
‎ - Stop broadcasting! ‎ - Hi, I 'm Sal Goodman
‎ I 've seen enough of this bullshit, oh my god
‎ and many more
‎ I can leave this volume to you‎ because I still have a lot of backups
‎ What do you want to do with this?
‎ We promised Ike astronomical numbers‎ You won 't broadcast this crap?
‎ It 's illegal to do this‎ Lawyers can 't fight cases


‎ It 's immoral, it 's blackmail
‎ she 's right
‎ These two are not related at all, so I 'm going to talk about the next topic

‎ This is Olivia Beatrice, she 's the photographer
‎ In fact she did this self-portrait‎ It 's really good
‎ Here 's another photo she took 54 years ago
‎ - Kevin, don 't say anything‎ - No, Kim, I can
‎ - Kevin, I highly recommend you . . . ‎ - I recognize this photo‎ - my dad bought it right away‎ - Kevin‎ I have one in my office
‎ I think everyone heard Mr. Wachtell admit that he has a picture of Olivia Beatrice
‎ This photo looks‎ like a Mesa Verde logo
‎ Yes, that 's what we have
‎ You own the photo, not the rights to use it
‎ That 's called copyright infringement
‎ You will never be able to prove it ‎ You know what?
‎ looks like a mold‎ so I think I can convince a judge‎ maybe a jury
‎ Believe Mesa Verde has misappropriated the intellectual property rights of Miss Beitrey
‎ It 's not your fault, it 's your dad 's fault
‎ But we will apply for an injunction
‎ So you have to take down all riding trademarks
‎ Or at least put on a big fig leaf‎ until we reconcile
‎ It should be a few years, right?
‎ We will meet often, see you next time





‎ The problem we face is that none of these so-called victims have said, 'Mesa Verde did it.'
‎ Everyone Says 'My Bank'
‎ - they never said 'Mesa Verde' ‎ - but that 's our imagery and trademark . . . ‎ Peggy, those are strong hints‎ but enough to make us go to court a lot‎ - we 're going to be exhausted‎ - So how do you keep them off the air?
‎ - We gotta get ahead of him‎ - How?
‎ We notified the stations‎ They are likely to face defamation lawsuits‎ This could be an extended version of whack-a-mole
‎ It 's a long war no matter what‎ We have to solve one thing at a time

‎ Also refute allegations of copyright infringement
‎ We can start with that ‎ That is important . . .



‎ - Kevin‎ - Kevin‎ I know you 're upset, but please don 't be impulsive

‎ Let your team of lawyers take care of it‎ We 'll take care of it
‎ Kim, can I go to the toilet?
‎ Of course you can

‎ Ok, the copyright infringement part, I think . . .


‎ 'Call 5 0 5 5 0 3 4 4 5 5 today'



‎ where are you?
‎ don 't go away






‎ What do you want?
‎ You have to be more specific
‎ I let Ike stay in his crappy house‎ Move the call center and forget about the rest
‎ Is that so? ‎ As your lawyer Miss Weissler reminded ‎ I can 't do that
‎ come less
‎ You are a third-rate thing‎ You will even sell your mother 's organs for this purpose
‎ What do you want? ‎ to remind you again
‎ I can 't actually do this on purpose
‎ focus, asshole
‎ Kevin, can you close your eyes‎ and imagine a world with me?
‎ You just... . .
‎ In this world‎ Mr. Ike can keep his house‎ plus you give him $45,000 to make up for his pain
‎ In this world, you have to publicly apologize
‎ Reimagining the World‎ Aboriginal photographer Olivia Beatrice
‎ Received 200,000 compensation for her photo use‎ and will also commend her for providing the inspiration and right to use the ‎ Mesa Verde trademark in the future
‎ Also, by the way, please publicly apologize to Miss Bea Cui.
‎ So I can imagine the world of ‎ Restraining Orders ‎ As for those ads? ‎ will never be seen again
‎ What do you think of that world, Kevin? ‎ You can now open your eyes
‎ Can you imagine a world where we shake hands and reconcile? ‎ Candid?

‎ ( El Pueblo 6 0 2 1 )
‎ He just dropped me off the same route, heading south









‎ B 2 4 1 Call Center
‎ B 2 4 1 Say
‎ Check New Mexico License Plate 1 V 1 5 RZ
‎ Grey Monte Carlo, a man in the car
‎ Last sighting on Brighton Street‎ Head south towards Lawrence Street
‎ All Units Attention‎ Looking for a Grey Monte Carlo
‎ There was a person in the car, the last sighting area was . . .






‎ Turn off the engine, throw the key out the window‎ Turn off the engine, throw the key out now!









‎ Hey, how 's it going?

‎ Perfect, right?



‎ Xiaojin

‎ Xiaojin
‎ Listen, I apologize, okay? I am sorry
‎ Hiding this old trick from you
‎ I should have warned you
‎ But you know what? ‎ You 're mad at me, it worked
‎ You were worried that Ricky was suspicious. Did he say anything?
‎ - No‎ - Great, don 't you think?
‎ That anger is real anger, like an immune shield, right?
‎ That emotion can 't be faked
‎ Yes, that 's right‎ right? What did Kevin say?



‎ He says he 's fed up with lawyers
‎Wait, you have to learn his voice
‎ Kevin is fed up with lawyers‎ He wants to end this farce
‎ We explain that your agreement is not valid‎ but he doesn 't care
‎He insists on reconciliation‎ Like, you see
‎ This plan has been wonderfully realized

‎ We should celebrate ‎ Let 's go to the steak house and order two bottles of wine
‎ Another tiramisu, full set
‎ Okay Kim, I said sorry
‎ But it worked
‎ Ricky or Paige would never believe we were conspiring
‎ Because what? we do not have
‎ Ike can keep his home‎ plus a fortune
‎ Olivia Beatrice will receive ‎ compensation for embezzling her work
‎ Kevin can still build his call center‎ Everyone is a winner
‎ - You win, Jimmy‎ - What? ‎ you win
‎ Yes, I mean . . . we won
‎ No, I didn 't
‎ What do you want but don 't get?
‎ - I don 't trust you‎ - Why?

‎ you play me
‎ You take me for a fool again
‎ again? Wait, how can you be an idiot? This is your plan
‎ fuck you, Jimmy
‎ gosh, you know what?
‎ I can 't go on like this anymore
‎ Kim, I just... . .
‎ No, you turned you and me against the bank‎ turned into you and me against each other
‎ It 's not just that‎ The same thing happens over and over again

‎ No, I kept it from you to protect you
‎ In case I get caught . . . I hope not‎ you are questioned under oath
‎ You can reasonably infer that you don’t know
‎Gosh, Jimmy‎ You stabbed me in the back‎ and used the excuse of protecting me?
‎ Does this really make everything reasonable?
‎ Okay, Kim‎ I 'm really sorry, okay?
‎ - This will never happen again‎ - You are lying‎ I swear, not anymore
‎ look me in the eyes and tell me this will never happen again
‎ you can 't

‎ I don 't believe you
‎ You don 't believe in yourself
‎ It 's a lie, you lie, I lie
‎ This has to end‎ I can 't go on like this
‎ - No . . . Kim, we can fix it‎ - Shut up, Jimmy
‎ You know this has to change
‎ If you can 't see it, I have nothing to say‎  'Cause we 've reached a tipping point
‎ - OMG! No‎ - shall we end now . . .
‎ We either end it now and enjoy the old days‎ and divide things up, or . . .

‎ Or what?
‎ Or we 'll . . .

Ya Xu ...



‎ Just get married?






‎ Subtitle translation: ‎ Wu Yanzhen
