 Barney is crazy if he thinks this is gonna work .
 I think it 's gonna work .
 I hope it doesn 't work .
 Shh . Here he comes .

 You there , what 's your name ?
 Excuse me ?
 Your name , woman , what 's your name ? !
 Cindy . I knew it .
 You 're the Cindy , the one who can change everything , or spell our inevitable doom .
 Now listen to me , Cindy .
 I am Barney Stinson , and I am on an urgent mission from the future . The future ?
 The future , and I can prove it to you .
 In exactly four seconds , the woman at that booth is going to slap that man . ( clears throat ) Ow !
 What the hell ?
 Wow .
 In a few minutes , the young me from your time is going to come through that door . Now , Cindy ,
 I know this sounds insane , but in order to save the planet , you need to sleep with him tonight .
 What ?
 I ...
 Sleep with Barney Stinson tonight , in whatever way he wants it , or he won 't be able to find the solution to global warming that saves the human race .

 What are you talking about ?
 I have no time to explain .
 I have to get back to the reality accelerator before the vortex closes .
 Only you can save us , Cindy . I must away !

 Okay , guys , the movers are coming in 14 hours .
 We gotta get back upstairs and finish packing . You guys still aren 't finished packing ?

 How is this taking so long ?
 Hey , all the great memories of our 20s took place in that apartment .
 It 's not like throwing stuff in a box . You start to reminisce .
 Not me . The key ?
 Throw stuff out and never look back .
 I 'm moving to Japan .
 It took me a half hour to pack .
 A half hour ?
 Well , it would have taken me 20 minutes , but a friend called me in tears .
 Moving is really emotional , okay ? It is .
 I mean , everything is changing .
 I 'm gonna be living in New Jersey with Stella , you guys will be in your new place .
 You 're starting a new job in Tokyo .
 It 's the end of an era .
 I think we should have a toast , but not our usual crap .
 Hey , uh , Wendy , your most expensive bottle of scotch .
 That 's 50- year- old Glen McKenna , and it 's $2, 500 . Excellent .
 A bottle of that with beer chasers , and what do you think , cancel the scotch ?
 ALL :
 Yeah .

 Vodka rocks .
 It 's not gonna work .
 Oh , my God , you 're ...
 Oh , my God !
 Can I buy you a drink ?
 I suppose I have time for one drink and 45 minutes to an hour of some other activity , but after that , I have to get back to a top- secret research project I 'm working on .
 Global warming ?
 My God , how did you know that ?
 Sync By GeR - http : // gerdiffuse . free . fr
 Hey , look at this .
 A photo from the first day we moved into this place .
 BOTH : Aw ...
 So many great memories . See ?
 That is exactly the type of crap you should be trashing .
 So you don 't keep any photos ?
 No , they 're like love letters or yearbooks or someone 's ashes .
 They just take up space . Besides , Stella 's not gonna let you keep half of this junk .
 Why wouldn 't she ?
 ( both chuckle )
 Oh , Ted , oh , sweetie .
 Okay , here 's the thing that guys only learn after they move in with a woman . All of your stuff is stupid .
 Like what ?
 Um , like anything you bought at a Renaissance Faire .
 Hey , hey , there 's not enough mead in the world to make me get rid of my flail .
 Oh , hey , uh , Ted , since we 're clearly not getting our security deposit back , I thought maybe you could reimburse me for my half .
 Wait a second -- why should I have to pay more than you ?
 Because you treated this apartment the way John Bonham treated his central nervous system .
 That 's not true . Exhibit A.

 Hey .
 Hey .
 What 's that ?
 A 1986 World Book encyclopaedia .
 It 's exactly the one I grew up with . Encyclopaedia ?
 Oh , you think it should be pronounced encyclo- pee- dia .
 It 's a common mistake .
 But if you look at that squished together " ae " symbol in this here encyclopaedia , you 'll learn that it 's a ligature derived from the Anglo- Saxon rune ash ...
 You know , you 're gonna have to paedia for that . But you never did .
 And then there 's Exhibit B.

 Good morrow , fair gentles .
 Look what I won at the Renaissance Faire .
 Ooh !
 And you 're also responsible for any damage Robin did when she was your girlfriend . Whoa . What damage did I cause ?
 Do you remember that night when you drank the 12 'er of Molson and you got all super Canadian ?

 ( Canadian accent ) :
 Stanley Cup , game six , eh ?
 The Rangers are about to be sorry they ever played shinny with the Canucks . Hey , hey , Robin . Yeah ?
 I 'll give you 20 bucks if you can shoot it through this front door .
 Oh , you 're nuttier than a Tim Horton 's maple log .
 Timmy Ho ! That 's it , Robin .
 Give me the stick .
 I 'll give you summer teeth .
 Some are here , some are there .
 Robin , give me the stick ,
 Take off , hoser .
 GUYS : Whoa ! That 's it !
 Hey , hey !
 Get her , boys , get her !
 Scrap ? ! I 'll scrap !
 Guys , come on !
 For America .
 All right , break it , break it up !
 Ted , no !
 You never break up a girl fight !
 Never ! ( groans )

 Entirely Barney 's fault .
 As , by the way , is the big scorch mark over the fireplace .


 What 's going on ?
 Stewart , this is an intervention .
 The alcohol changes you , Stewart . It makes you a different person .
 And I 'm in love with the man that I married .
 Thank you . ( voice breaking ) :
 This is just the push I need .
 I love you guys . Hey , hey !
 There 's the birthday boy .
 Time to let the party monster out of its cage , Stewie !
 No !
 Come on , buddy .
 People don 't want to see Bruce Banner , dude .
 They want to see the Hulk .
 Hulk , Hulk , Hulk ...
 What ?
 Oh ... ( chuckles )
 That 's what I get for skimming the E- vite .


 I am really proud of us for helping Stewart .
 Yeah , what an amazing honest , human moment . I agree .
 Yay us .
 Marshall , are you really gonna keep wearing that hat ?
 Yeah , it 's been two weeks , Marshall .
 Two awesome weeks ... and heck , yeah , I 'm gonna keep wearing it .

 Hey .
 Marshall , this is an intervention . It 's about the hat .
 Huh ?
 No ...
 I have it under control , okay ?
 I can take it off whenever I want to .
 Dear Marshall ,
 I do not like that stupid hat . I want to beat it with a bat .
 Or maybe stab it with a fork .
 It makes you look like such a dork .


 Shh .
 ( English accent ) :
 Cor blimey . This is a nice bloody surprise .
 What 's this about then ?
 Lily ... it 's about the weird fake English accent .
 Oh , bollocks . Oh ... ( clears throat )
 Spray tan ?
 ( sobbing ) :
 They reel you in with a coupon , and then you just get hooked . Oh , we know , sweetie , we know .
 No , no , no , no -- this is a new sweater .
 What ?
 The magic tricks .
 Specifically , those involving fire .
 Magic tricks ?
 Guys , interventions are supposed to help people , not attack every little thing you don 't like about them .
 I 'm sorry , but that really steams me .
 That really burns me up !
 I mean , I am filled with a white- hot rage !
 ( growling )
 ( all scream )
 Thank you . Oh , shoot .
 I smell hair !
 I smell hair !

 Wait , that 's weird .
 When I was going through the closet ,
 I thought I saw the intervention banner . S- So ?
 So , the banner burned up .
 Why is there a new one ?

 And there are sealed letters here from all of you that say " Ted . "
 Were you guys planning an intervention for me ?
 Oh , that -- that was stupid .
 Yeah , just , just forget about that .
 Wh- What was it for ?
 The Crocs ?
 The hair product ?
 Not Stella .
 Oh , my God , this was about Stella .
 I just said " Not Stella . "
 So maybe it was about your poor listening skills , Ted . What ? It 's out of control .
 See ?



 Ted , we do .
 We 're all really happy for you .
 Yeah .
 Like I said , it was stupid .
 Well , obviously , it wasn 't , because we agreed not to have any more stupid interventions at our intervention intervention .
 We 're having too many interventions .
 So , what was your big , serious oblem with me and Stella ?
 Yes !
 Yes !
 In everyone 's face !
 You all said the " future Barney " thing wouldn 't work .


 Well , who 's the narcissist with severe attachment disorder now , Dr. Grossbard ? !

 Intervention banner ?
 What 's that for ?
 Stella .
 Ah .
 " Ted , I cannot stand idly by ... "
 You 've just been carrying that around ?
 Please , Ted ?

 " I cannot stand idly by while you make
 " the biggest mistake any man can make -- getting married . " Mark my words ,
 " this whole thing is gonna go up in flames ! "
 Oh , damn !
 I put the flame cue too early .
 I had so many more important things to say , and ...
 The point is , Ted , marriage is stupid .
 Every year , there are a million new hot 22- year- olds walking into bars , and call me " glass half full , " but I think they 're getting dumber .
 Oh , come on , Barney , even you aren 't still gonna be hitting on 22- year- olds when you 're 80 . I accept that challenge .
 What challenge ?
 To prove to you that I will be exactly this awesome when I 'm 80 , I will hook up with a 22- year- old while in my old- man makeup .
 I didn 't remotely challenge you to that .
 I mean , I definitely want to see it .
 But I didn 't remotely challenge you to that .
 I want to hear the other letters . Ted , this is ridiculous .
 W- We changed our minds .
 And suppose you change them back ?
 Lily , come on , let 's hear yours .
 ( sighs )
 " Gilbert 's reading skills have improved drastically since ... "
 Wait , this is a letter I meant to send home with one of my kindergarteners . Uh- oh .
 Gilbert , are things moving too fast between you and a girl named Stella ?
 I wish .
 Robin , could I hear yours ?

 ( sighs )
 " Dear Ted , it 's 'encyclo- pee- dia , ' not 'encyclo- pay- dia . ' " Why do you always say things
 " in the most pretentious way possible ?
 " It makes you sound douchey -- and that 's 'douchey , ' not 'douch- ay . ' "
 Yeah , you already read that one at my pronunciation intervention . Where 's the letter about Stella ?

 I didn 't write one -- I- I 'm your ex- girlfriend ;
 I figured anything I said on the subject would sound catty .
 Plus , I 'm hotter than her , so who cares ?
 Marshall ?
 Dude , it 's water under the bridge ...
 Please . ( sighs )
 " Dear Ted , Stella seems like a wonderful person .
 " But you don 't know her well enough to get married . " You certainly
 " don 't know her well enough " to commit to raising a seven- year- old with her .
 " You 're not " doing her , her child " or yourself any favors by rushing into this .
 Just give it some more time . "
 Dude , that was months ago , all right ?
 That was before we got to know Stella and see how awesome she is and what a great couple you guys are .
 That 's why we decided not to even have that intervention . Because I- I really need you guys to be on board with this . Thank you .

 And we are .
 And we hope you 're not mad at us .
 Course not .
 I mean , it 's not like what you said was crazy .
 Y- You had a lot of valid concerns .
 Yeah , but concerns we have completely moved on from . But you had a point .
 I mean , this whole thing has moved pretty fast .
 Well , you know what ?
 Maybe that 's because , uh , when it 's right , yojust know .
 Yeah , I guess , but- but we are still , you know , getting to know each other . And , Lily , maybe you 're right .
 Maybe Stella won 't like any of my stuff .
 Like the robot cookie jar . This was , like , the first thing we bought for this place , remember ?

 Of course I do .
 Marshall , my sensors indicate that your pecan sandy levels are dangerously low . ( robot voice ) :
 Ah .
 My collection of James Bond movies .
 Remember ?
 We watched them all in order , and then Lily spoke in that weird English accent for , like , the next month ?
 It was sophisticated . No . Nope .
 No .
 Oh !
 My signed Bernie Kosar cleats . My elephant lamp .
 The English phone booth .
 My sombrero !
 ( laughs )
 Ted , what are you doing ?
 Unpacking .



 No , no , Ted , stop unpacking . You 're just freaking out . I 'm not ready for all the responsibility .

 I mean , if I get married and move to the suburbs , in the blink of an eye , I 've become an old man !

 Why , hello , young lady .
 You want a butterscotch candy ?
 What do you mean , " nothing in common " ?
 We 're both seniors .
 ( cackling ) ( laughs )
 You 're cute . How old are you ? 83 .
 How old are you ?
 Thirty- one .
 ( groans ) :
 Oh- oh ...
 Okay ,
 Ted has officially snapped . There are moving men coming in ten hours .
 His fiancé - " is waiting for him in New Jersey .
 We have to do something . I got this .

 Hey , bud ?
 Hey .
 Why don 't you come here for a minute .
 What ?
 Look , I want you to know this is all totally normal .
 Big transitions can be scary , and cold feet -- well , they 're just part of the deal .
 So ... how about you give me the knife ?
 Give me the knife .
 Come on .

 So I can start unpacking , too . I 'm staying here right by your side forever , buddy !

 Yeah !
 Yeah !
 Marshall !
 Lily , our lives have been good here . That 's why we 've been putting off packing .
 Because subconsciously , we both know that it would be stupid to leave .
 It 's safe and warm here .
 There 's a bar downstairs , and a cookie robot in the kitchen . This is my home , and I 'm never leaving !

 Listen to you !
 You sound like that fat , dweeby kid at camp .
 " Mom , Dad , I want to come home . The cool kids are playing keep- away with my inhaler . "
 I can 't believe my dad read that letter at our wedding .
 Marshall , you can 't do this to Lily .
 Yes , I know your new place has had some problems , with the slanted floors and the nearby sewage treatment plant , but you 're gonna turn it into a great home .
 Tell him , Lily .
 It 's a black hole where dreams go to die . I 'm not moving , either .
 Oh , come on !
 Yes !
 Okay , you guys finish unpacking .
 I 'm gonna go bake some cookies to fill R2- Sweet Tooth .
 Oh , my God , look at you cowards !
 So afraid of any kind of change .
 So terrified of anything new .
 So- so desperate to cling to anything comfortable and familiar . I can 't move to Japan .
 Yes !
 Whoa !
 What was I thinking ?
 It 's so far away .
 And I don 't speak the language .
 I didn 't even have any good pictures of you guys .
 ( crying ) :
 Oh , sweetie .
 Everybody says change is so great , right ?
 But what 's so great about change ?
 Hey , who wants to walk down to our same old bar , sit in our regular booth and order the usual ? !
 Yeah !
 The usual !
 My favorite !

 Oh , my God .
 ( disgusted groan )
 Well , well , well .
 I believe someone owes me $200 .
 Barney , this was never a bet -- nobody ...
 This proves that I will be this awesome when I 'm 80 .
 Arthritis five .
 I 'm moving to New Jersey . What ?
 And you and Marshall should move to your new place , and Robin should go to Japan .
 Why ?
 Because we 're gonna get older whether we like it or not , so the only question is whether we want to get on with our lives or desperately cling to the past and end up like that .
 You mean awesome ?

 I 'm 80 , dude , and I 'm making out with a 22- year- old .

 I want to see your World War II medals .
 All right , so that doesn 't count .
 What ? Why ?
 She 's French -- that 's like playing tennis with the net down .
 You know what ?
 I 'll cover the security deposit .
 I 'm glad to , because ... every dent in that place represents a memory that I 'll cherish forever .
 But on one condition : we all put aside ten bucks every week for the next year , and we come back here and we buy that 50- year- old scotch , and we toast the incredible
 life- changing year we 've all had . ( quietly ) :
 Get out of our booth .
 Me with my new family ,
 Marshall and Lily in their new apartment , and Robin as the number one English- speaking journalist in the Pacific Rim , visiting us here in New York to celebrate this day -- the day we closed an incredible chapter in our lives , only to open up a new one .
 Mm .
 Um , I think I left my cell ... Get out of here .


 And so let 's raise a glass of $2, 500 scotch to one hell of a year . Mm . Amazing .
 Mm- mm !
 That 's unbelievable .
 It 's kind of smoky , with a hint of aged cedar and ... Do you guys taste the difference and ten- dollar scotch ?

 Not at all . No difference .
 I want to cut mine with Red Bull .
 Oh , Wendy , can you take a picture ?


 So , uh , what do you say we move this party upstairs to the apartment ?
 Yeah .
 Great idea . I got the scotch .
 What the ... ?

 Barney , this is an intervention .
 ( old man voice ) :
 I 'm sorry , I can 't hear you . Enough with the " old man " bit .
 What about the old sand pit ?
 Let it go .
 " Let It Snow " ?
 I love that old ditty !
 I 'm getting my flail .
 You 're setting sail ?

