0 0 : 0 0 : 0 3 , 6 0 0 - -&gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 0 5 , 7 3 0 The average American eats 25 kilograms of beef at 55 pounds of beef per year.
But there is a place in America called Texas A ndthenthere 's T exas, where we can eat that amount in just a few months, where we canknock that of finacoupleofmonths.
Even faster. Maybefaster, ifwe ' retalkingaboutsmokedb risket . . .
What 's amazing is this brisket of the cow . . . curiously , the onecutofbeef is the only part that Texans and Jewsagreeupon can 't put it down.
This is really delicious. Grandma T hisisreallygood , Meemaw .
Is it too delicious? R eallygood
There 's something in your mouth, don 't talk. C loseyourmouthwhenyoue at .
Or turn your face the other way O raimyourfacetheotherway .
Connie someday you have to give me this recipe C onnie , oneofthesedays , yougottogivemethereci pe .
If you say you will, you will. Youbet .
Forsure. - Someday - Don 't - O neofthesedays.
-   O h ,   c o m e   o n .
You can 't hide it forever, Youcan  ' tholdontoitforever .
Do you want so much Meanthatmuchtoyou ?
Mary and I weredating about a month when I was dating about a month she took me home for dinner whenshebroughtmehomef ordinner .
I took a bite of this brisket I took onebiteofthisbris ket and I knew I loved your daughter and I knew I lovedyourdaughter .
I really thank you, Gee, thanks.
Kind of like Sleeping Beauty but Dad kisses beef Kindoflike S leeping Beauty , except D adkissedmeat .
so I tell you what .
You go get . . . Yougogeta . . . pen and paper to pieceofpaperandapenci l ,
I write it down for you I 'llwriteitdownforyou.
Well finally this moment has come O kay .
I t ' s   h a p p e n i n g . . .
This is the fastest I 've seen him run T hat  ' sthefastest I  ' veseenhimrun .
This is the first time I 've seen him run I t  ' stheonlytime I  ' veseenhimrun .
给   T h e r e   y o u   g o .
Good Okay.
I might make it this weekend to eat I mightmake itthisweeken d .
You can also try eating some vegetables O ryoucouldtryavegetabl e .
Eating vegetables are you really humorousV egetable ?
T h a t ' s   f u n n y .
Okay Okay.
This is only passed to you No ow, thisisforyoureyesonly.
You are not allowed to show or share You  ' renottoshareitwithany body .
I never . . . I never - - I wouldn 't ever .
Keep dreaming, little fat boy
You are so immoral You  ' reahorribleperson .
What 's written on it What  ' ditsay ?
I want to know what is written I wanttoknowwhatitsaid .
- I want to know too - eat yours - Me , too .
- Justeat . Can I read C an I readit ?
You are really wicked Youareahorribleperson .
Isn 't it A in  ' t I ?
Well, stop talking about this brisket A llright , that  'senoughaboutthebriske t .
Are you looking forward to tomorrow 's church picnic Y oukid excited for thech urchpicnictomorrow ?
- Not quite- don 't know- Notreally .
- I don  ' tknow . Don 't do this Oh, comeon .
You all saw the flyer there are three 'there' Youallsawtheflier.
T hethree ' F ' s : Friendship food, funandfellowship.
I 'm taking a chunk of my brisket to A nd I 'mbringingabigslabofmy brisket.

I 've had enough of T hat  ' sit .
15 years in this family , andallthetime I  'vebeennothing a well behaved and responsible son in law butagood , supportiveson - in - law .
I have always treated your daughter well I always treated yourdaughterright ,
I gave you three beautiful grandchildren .
The only thing I ask for in return is a broken recipe Onlything I everaskedinreturnwast hatdamnrecipe .
You are right You  ' reright .
Go get another piece of paper and I 'll write it down for you Getanotherpieceofpaper .
I ' l l   w r i t e   i t   d o w n .
Don 't play me Connie D on  ' tmesswithme , C onnie . Get the paper before I change mymind .
You 're going to play him again, right? You  ' regonnadoittohimagain , aren  ' tyou ?
I kindofhaveto . ♪ No one in the world is stronger than me♪ ♪ No bodyelseisstrongerth an I am ♪ ♪ Yesterday I moved a mountain♪ ♪ Y esterday I movedamountain ♪
♪ I believe I can be your hero♪ ♪ I bet I couldbeyourhero ♪
♪ I 'm an amazing little guy ♪ ♪ I amamightylittleman ♪
♪ I 'm an amazing little guy ♪ ♪ I amamightylittleman ♪
juvenile
Shelton


George, she was just fooling with you. George, she was just fooling with you.
It 's not her or she 's losing No , no , she  ' smean .
Hearts are black S hegotablackheart.
She is not Shedoesnot .
Why are you always on her side Why hydoyou always side with her ?
She is my mother Well , sheismymother .
Behold A ndthereitis . The problem is here T here  ' stheproblem .
You should be on my side, Youhouldbesidingwithm e .
- for a brisket - not just for a brisket - O verbrisket ?
-   I t ' s   n o t   j u s t   b r i s k e t .
She 's been doing this to me since the first day she met me. I t  ' sthewayshe  ' sbeentreatingmesinced ayone .
Just treat me like a rubbish consolation prize Like I  ' msomekindofloser , aboobyprize .
- 'Consolation [Chest] Prize' - What Sounds - ' B oobyprize . ' - Whatwasthat ?
little george you are nosy G eorgie , youmindyourownbusines s .
What did I do What I do ?
What 's wrong What 'sgoingon?
Mom and Dad are arguing M omand D adarefighting .
What about what?
Brisket B risket . If they divorced I ftheygetadivorce , whodoyouthink
Who would you choose to spend with you  ' llpicktolivewith ?
Of course, choose Mom Well , Mom , ofcourse .
I want to choose Mom you choose a I want M om . Pickagain .

I thought Dad was coming too. I thought D adwascoming .
He doesn 't come. He has work No, hehadworktodo.
What kind of work doesn 't know about coaches? Whatkindofwork? I don 'tknow.
C oachingstuff . Can 't he go after the picnic? C an  ' thedoitafterthepicnic ?

- He can 't help it Michy- why- No , Missy , hecannot .
-   W h y   n o t ?
Don 't ask Enough.
Then why didn 't little George come to Howcome G eorgie  ' snotgoing ?
He overheard me talking to your dad was grounded He  ' sgroundedforeavesdrop pingonmeandyourfather .
I hope he learned his lesson Well , I hope he learned hislesson .
Is it for the recipe thing? I sthisabouttherecipe?
I guess he 's angry because you 're always on Grandma 's side I bethe  ' smad  ' cause you always side with Meemaw
How did you know this Andhowwouldyouknowthat?
Georgietoldme that little George told me.
Are you and dad going to divorce? A reyou and D adgettingadivorce ?
Certainly not  'C oursenot.
If you divorce I want to follow you Well, ifyoudo, I wanttolivewithyou.
Sheldon We Won 't Divorce S heldon, noone ' sgettingadivorce.
But thank you for choosing me Butthankyou , honey .
you know the problem Youknowthisallgoesaway
As long as you give him the recipe will it go away ifyoujustgivehimyourr ecipeforthebrisket .
I know ah I know . And what about And ?
I guess the question is don 't think about it I guessit  ' snotgoingaway .


I didn 't overhear A nd I wasn 't teavesdropping.
It 's alright D on  ' tworryaboutit .
I just don 't understand why I got grounded I justdon  ' tseewhy I gotgrounded .
What do you have to complain about Whatareyoucomplaininga bout ?
You didn 't want to go to church for a picnic. Youdidn  ' twanttogotochurchpicn icanyway .
I just like to complain about my ability to beep. I like complaining.
I ' m   g o o d   a t   i t .

I 'll be right back I 'llberightback.
Do you mind if I take a sip of your beer Mindif I haveasipofyourbeer ?
Do you mind if I shove your head in the compost bin Youmindif I dipyourheadinthecompo stheap ?


What are you doing What are youdoing ?
Why don 't you get out. Nothing! Getoutofhere.
You 're looking for Grandma 's brisket recipe You 'relookingforherbriske trecipe.
Then you become a genius A llofasuddenyougotsmar t ?
I said get you out I said getoutofhere .
I swear I won 't leak I won  ' ttell , I swear .
Come on, come and help find A llright , helpmelook .


Did you find it O oh . Foundit ?
No this is her recipe for French toast No , thisisher F renchtoast .
Didn 't ask you to look for French toast You  ' renot looking for F renchtoast .
This grandma also cooks delicious S hedoes make it good , though .
Did you know she adds vanilla in whipped cream Didyouknowsheputsvanil laextractinherwhipped cream ?
I don 't know I did not.
Add 1/4 tsp Q uarterteaspoon .
- George Jr.- What 's up- G eorgie ?
-   Y e a h ?
We 're here for a brisket recipe We 'relookingforbrisket!
Grumpy C ranky .


We are back We  'rehome .
Don 't panic Becool.
I don 't panic, so don 't you panic I  ' mcool .
Y o u   b e   c o o l .


Don 't panic, Realcool.

He thought I wrote it down. He thought I wrote itdown .
What a fool Whatadope .

Soda S eltzer . . .
Hair Tonic . . . hairtonic . H airtonic .

Need help putting the kids to sleep Need helpputtingthekids down ?
No thanks I took care of them one day No , thankyou , I  ' vebeentaking care of the mallday .
I can finish by myself I think I can finish the job .
why don 't you do that Oh , comeon , don  ' tdothat .
D on  ' tdowhat ?
It 's okay N evermind .
Tell you about Sheldon and Missy Justsoyouknow , S heldonand Missywon
Won the two-legged race because Mish told him the three - leggedracebecauseshet oldhim there are bees chasing them and you missed this abeewaschasingthem , andyoumissedit .
It 's my fault I just wanted to stay away from your mother for a while I 'msorry, I - I justneededabreakfromyourmother.
Yeah, you 're far from your family. Yeah, well, youtooka breakfromyour family.
How long is the unhappiness between the two of you? How long? How long? It depends on her. T hat  ' suptoher.
Youarebothsuch . . . stubborn. . . stubborn . . .
stubborn ass donkeybutts!
Missy Missy ! Go to bed Gotobed ​​. How do you know if it 's me Youdon  ' tknowit  ' sme .


What do you want Whatdoyouwant ?
Don 't do this D on  ' tbethatway .
I brought you a bottle of ice I brought youacoldone .
Thank you Thanks .
Still don 't like you I stilldon  ' tlikeyou .

Will this change your mind?W ouldthischangeyourfee lings?

Is that what I sthatit ?
A legendary treasure, The Holy G rail .

What made you change your mind What changedyourmind?
You don 't go to a picnic today,
broke the hearts of Mary and the twins thathurt Mary and the twins .
I don 't want to feel guilty I cannot have thatonmyhea rt . - is it - absolutely - I sthatso ? - A bsolutely .
Look me in the eyes and tell me Lookmeintheeyeandtellm e this is the right recipe thisistheactualrecipe . George what you have in your hand is George
The correct way to make istheexactstep - by - stepinstructions will allow you to make my signature brisket onhowtomakemybrisket .
I never wrote this recipe down before tonight I havenever written itdow nuntiltonightbecause . .
Because I 'm afraid someone will come to steal I wasafraidsomeonemight stealit. But now I 'm entrusting it to you But I 'mentrustingthistoyou, and I hopethatsomeday, whenthetimeisright,
You will pass on to one of your children youwillseefittosharei twithoneofyourchildre n .
Connie I don 't know what to say Connie, I don 'tknowwhattosay.
Don 't call me Connie D on  ' tcallme C onnie .
Call my mother Callme M om .

Thank you Mom T hanks , M om . You 're welcome son You  ' rewelcome , son . What a fool Whatadope .

The next morning my dad made the perfect brisketT henextmorning , mydadembarkedonadoome dquest
Embark on a doomed journey to make the perfect brisk et . Can I help you? Can I help you?
Really need your help Matteroffact , youcan . I need 5kg of prime Angus brisket I need 1 2 pounds of prime Anguswithamedium deckle , preferably in spring no later than mid-June ideallyslaughteredint hespring , nolaterthanmid - J une .


As for the spices Forthespicerub for cured meat, grandma let him drive to New Orleans Meemawhadhimdriveto New Orleans to buy ground coffee from C afe D u M onde,
New Orleans 407 km
and to a witch named Madame Laver andsevenouncesofsomething called 'holyghostroot'
Buy 2 8 grams of 'spirit root' from avoodoowomannamed M adam Laveau .
Can you grind my 'root'? Can you grind myroot for me?

I 'm going to put it on the brisket I-I 'm-a . . .
I ' m - a   r u b   i t   o n   b r i s k e t .

When he got home, he spice the ox breast The henbackhome , heappliedthespicerub is lustful and tender withsucherotictendern ess ,
My mother is a little jealous. itmademymotheralittle jealous .
Finally started cooking Finaly , the cookingbegan . Bake for a full 1 4 hours 1 4 hours of cooking .

During the period of continuous brushing oil A ndbasting .
Fuel injection And spritzing .
And take care of the fire A ndtendingtothefire.
It 's finally time to cool off the brisket Untilitwas finally timet oletthemeatrest .


Rest [shady] little kiss R est , mydarling .
Rest well Rest .
The coffee in the famous coffee shop is really good M mm .
T h i s   C a f e   D u   M o n d e   c o f f e e   i s   v e r y   g o o d .
Added Chicory T heymakeitwithchicory .
What good is this for a brisket A ndwhatdoesitdotothebr isket? I don 't know Oh, I havenoidea.
Then why did you let George run all the way to New OrleansT henwhydidousendG eorgeallthewaytoN ewO rlleans?
We can 't buy this kind of coffee near our house. Well, theydon ' tsellthisaroundhere.
Here comes Herewego.
It took 1 5 years and 1 4 hours 1 5 years and 1 4 hourslater .
Best brisket in Texas Best Brisketin T exas .


Connie you evil bitch C onnie , youevilbitch !
Much smoother than regular coffee I t  ' ssmootherthanregularc offee .
That 's not the real secret recipe T hatwasn  ' ttherecipe .
You lied in my eyes Y oulookedmeintheeye , andyouliedtome .
Mom Oh , Mom .
You sneaked into my house trying to steal the recipe Y oubrokeintomyhomeandt riedtostealit .
George Oh , George .
Did you tell her we went in Y outoldherwewentoverth ere ?
George Oh , George J r .
I didn 't do anything but I didn 't saynothing. I wascool.
I really like this good show I amlovingthis .
This woman is no longer welcome in my house I don  ' twantthiswomaninmyhou seanymore . - She is my mother - She is the devil - S heismymother .
-   S h e   i s   t h e   d e v i l .
What if the children wanted to see her And whatifthekidswantto seeher ?
Well Fine .
Scheduleit for when I  ' mnothere .
Or wait till I die. Orwhen I  'mdead .

And you are not allowed to drink my coffee. A ndquitdrinkingmycoffee .


Turn your train off we gotta talk Turnoffyourtrain , we  ' vegottotalk .
About what About what ?
Mom is sad about Dad and Grandma M omissoupsetabout Dadand Meemaw ,
She might want to divorce shemightwantadivorce .
No one wants a divorce No oone  ' sgettingdivorced .
How do you know Howdoyouknow? 'Awesome' Now I have to throw that one Great, now I havetothrowthatout.
The son-in-law has looked down upon his mother-in-law since ancient times. M other - in - lawsarealwaysheldinlo wregardbythefather .
But this rarely leads to a family breakup I trarelyleadstoabreaku pofthefamily .
He was right about He 'sright. Fred and Wilma are still happily married. F red and Wilmaarestillhappilyma rried.Character from the classic cartoon 'The Flintstones'
I think if you could I thinkifwecanfigureout a way for dad to get grandma 's brisket recipe away for D adtoget Meemaw  ' sbrisketrecipe ,
All contradictions will disappear thisallgoesaway.
I can 't think of anything we can do I don 'tseehowwecanaccomplis hthat.

Put down Putthatdown .
That 's not a toy T hat  ' snotatoy .
Of course Sureitis .
Woohoo C hoochoo .
Woohoo C hoochoo . . . Woohoo C hoochoo .
Open Mouth Pie O penwide , Moonpie .
Here comes the little train.Herecomesthechoochootr ain .
Woohoo C hoochoo .
It 's delicious right M mm . I sn  ' tthatgood ?
This is Grandma 's famous beef brisket T hat  ' s Meemaw  ' sfamousbrisket .
Do you want to know the recipeW ouldyoulikethesecretr ecipe ?
You promise not to tell others about You promisenottotellany body ?
Of course you won 't tell anyone Of courseyou  ' renotgonnatellanybody . I start with a teaspoon of cumin I startwithatablespoono fcumin ,
Then after adding a cup of brown sugar . . . andthenacupofbrownsug ar , and . . .
I know grandma 's recipe I knowtherecipe .
What What? She told my Shetoldittome.
When ? February 14, 1982 February 14, 1982.
I was 2 3 months old , itwas Valentine  's Day ,
Mom and Dad went out to eat at the restaurant and M omand D adwentoutfordinner . You were there don 't you remember Youwerethere . D on  ' tyouremember ?

A blank I gotnothing .
Do you really remember when you were so young? You can really remember when you were that little?
Well you were there U h - huh . Youwerethere , too .
You are still learning to toilet yourself Youwerestillstruggling with pottytraining .
You remember wrong I don  ' tthinkso . No grandma used to tell you to pee your pants Mr. Oh, yes .
M e e m a w   u s e d   t o   c a l l   y o u   M r .
S oggy P ants . Impossible N uh - uh .
Mr. Pants Mr. S oggy P ants .
Shut up it 's not funny Quiit . T hisisserious .
Sheldon you have to tell daddy the recipe S heldon , you  ' vegottotell D adthatrecipe . But grandma said it was a secret B ut Meemawtoldmeitwasacr et .
It 's your fault if you don 't say waiting for your parents to get divorced. I fyoudon  ' t , and M omand D adgetadivorce , it  ' syourfault .
Well A llright . I say Fine .
Nice job Mr. Pants G oodjob , S oggy P ants .

Dad , can you come to the living room D ad , couldyoupleasecomeint othelivingroom ?
What for ?
My brain does amazing things M ybraindidsomethingimp ressive I want to share with you and I  ' dliketoshareitwithyou .



How are you here Whatareyoudoinghere?
Same as you Sameasyou .
I want to see what his brain does. I wanttoseewhathisbrain did. Please take P leasehaveaseat.
Well A llright .


How about Well?
I know my grandma 's brisket recipe I know Meemaw  ' sbrisketrecipe .
What What ? You don 't know No , youdon  't .
I really know Yes , I do .
In order to bring peace to this family, Andinordertobringpeace tothisfamily,
I 've decided to make it public I 'mpreparedtomakeitpubl ic. You want to deceive me You 'rebluffing. A teaspoon of cuminO netablespoonofcumin,
A cup of brown sugar onecupofbrownsugar ,
two teaspoons smoked red pepper twotablespoonsofsmoke dpaprika . . .
Okay stop O kay , okay , stop . Don 't stop saying No , no , no . Keepgoing .
How did you know the recipe Shelly Howdoyouknowtherecipe, Shelly? Grandma told me Meemawtoldittomeon Valentine 's Day, 1982 on Valentine 's Day, 1982.
You and Dad go to the cheap theater Youwereoutwith D adseeing C annonball R un
Watch Cannonball on the atthedollartheater. You can 't be two years old at the time. That 's simpossible, youweren ' teventwoyearsold.
Three teaspoons of dry mustard,
A Lone Star beer onecupof L one S tarbeer . . . Okay O kay .

Okay Okay.
Say Goahead.
Tell your dad G iveittoyourfather . I can write it down for you .

No I don 't want T hat  ' sokay , I don  ' twantit .
Are you kidding me You havegottobekiddingm e . Connie you have countless opportunities
give me the recipe but you never give me that recipe and youneverdid ,
Because you always treated me as an outsider because you  ' vealways treated me like an outsider .
She doesn 't have No , shehasnot. Of course I have Oh , ofcourse I have .
See did she admit See? S headmitsit. Of course I admitted Damnright, I do.
I always thought you were unworthy of my daughterN everthoughtyouweregoo denoughformydaughter .
You just show up riding that broken motorcycle T hereyouwere , ridingaroundonthatdum bmotorcycle , making her belly big knockingherup .
Children you all go to the kitchen W hydon  ' tyukidsgointhekitche n
Get yourself some ice cream and fixyourselvessomei cecream ?
How could I miss this good show I 'mnotgoinganywhere.
I can understand Hey .
I   g e t   i t .
I also have a daughter I haveadaughter .
I also don 't want her to bring home a man like that. I wouldn 't twantherbringinghomes omeonelikethat.
But I have also grown a lot since then but I  ' vecomeahellofalongway since then .
Well you 're right O kay , you  ' reright .

George George .
Sorry I 'm sorry.
This makes more sense to me than any recipe T hatmeansmoretomethana nyrecipe.
Come over to Comehere.


Don 't let this hug fool you D on  ' tletthehugfoolyou .
As soon as she left he forced me to tell him the recipe The minuteshewenthome , hemademegivehimtherec ipe .
Here comes the maiden voyage Herewego , maidenvoyage .


Oops Hotdamn .
Oops Hotdamn .



Oops Hotdamn !
George pay attention to talking George ! Language .
Sheldon S heldon .
Want some W antsome ?
No thanks I 'm not hungry U h , no , thankyou .
I ' m   n o t   h u n g r y .
