 Previously on " The Originals " ...
 This town was my home . I want it back .
 All of your scheming , the enemies that you have made every single day of your miserable life , what results did you expect , that your child would be born into a happy life ?

 This was our family 's hope .
 We need to regain control of the city .
 I 'm fighting for my home , for the dignity of the vampires who were run out of there .
 The offer still exists to join me .
 You brought me back to kill my son .
 When I 'm ready , not a minute before .
 We should have known our mother would not be bound by anything as obvious as death .
 - We have much to do . - Yes , mother .
 I 'm Kaleb .
 Finn , Kol , we have a family reunion to plan .
 What is it that you intend to do , brother ?
 Whatever it takes to save our family .
 Kol ?
 All of my efforts to keep this family concealed , and yet debauchery like this has led father directly to us .
 Kol , show yourself .
 This is no time for games .
 Come , come , brother .
 There 's always time for games .
 We must leave .
 Mikael is very nearly upon us .
 If Mikael were upon us ,
 I imagine Niklaus would be quite dead .
 I barely escaped .
 Father left the head of my horse on a pike in the town square .
 He killed poor Theo ?
 What a beast ...
 But then , father has always hated you most .
 Surely , he 'll chase you if you flee , leaving me here .
 Perhaps I 'll make myself mayor .
 Rebekah and Finn have already gone to the ship .
 It is imperative we remain together .
 Rebekah does what she 's told because she fears Nik , and Finn is in no position to argue , given the dagger in his heart .
 I 'll take my chances here .
 I find it amusing that you think you have a choice .
 No .
 I swear to you , the day will come when I 'm not so easily subdued , and on that day , I will make you suffer .
 Perhaps , but today is not that day .

 A& D - international subs [ www . facebook . com/ AD . ItalianSubtitles ]
 THE ORlGINALS Season 02 - Episodie 02 " Alive and Kicking "

 Come to check up on me ?
 You 've had an eventful evening .
 I was having a crappy day . so Klaus took me out to the cauldron .
 Wouldn 't you know , we ran into some witches .
 So would you like me to remove your leftovers ?
 Oh , don 't judge , Elijah .
 What I did is no worse than anything Klaus has ever done .
 I would hope that you would hold yourself to a higher standard than Niklaus .
 I 'm a hybrid now .
 I have a werewolf temper to go with my new appetite , and the witches that tried to kill my baby , they 're worth nothing more than food .
 Excuse me .
 You took her on a witch hunt ?
 I simply wanted to persuade those witches to locate the white oak stake for me .
 When they proved unable to do so ,
 I let Hayley have her fun .
 She grows more savage by the day .
 Can you not see that she is falling apart ?
 Perhaps the problem is your high standards .
 Hayley is one of us now .
 Being a vampire only exaggerates what you truly are , and wolves are wild things .
 She knows she can never live up to the pretty ,
 little picture you paint of her in your head .
 Your judgment only hurts her more .
 I am trying to help her , and I asked you to help her , brother .
 I am helping .
 You should have seen her last night covered in witches ' blood and smiling from ear to ear .
 She is embracing this , and less criticism from you , and Hayley 'll be just fine .
 Niklaus , the mother of your child deserves much better than just fine .
 You 'll take her to the bayou .
 Find any remaining wolves .
 Perhaps her people can reach her .
 Now more than ever , she needs a connection to some of her humanity , some degree of dignity .
 Gia has proven herself .
 She knows what she 's getting into .
 So she 's gonna be the first one that I turn .
 Everybody else , first , I need to be sure that you can handle moving up a notch on the food chain , the emotional ups and downs , solitude , and bloodlust .
 Imagine hearing the sound of a heart beating , beating , beating and wanting more than anything to feed .
 That 's what it 's like to be a vampire .
 It 's not for everybody .
 Some folks , well ,
 let 's just say , it brings out the worst in them .
 I can 't do it .
 You once said the same thing of your reading .
 Now you devour everything from sonnets to scripture .
 So devote yourself to your music , soon you shall be Johann Sebastian Bach .
 But I want to play like you .
 Well , isn 't this nice -- my older brother and my ward getting along like two peas in a pod .
 We shall continue another time .
 Why don 't you resume your " Hamlet " ?
 Act one , Scene 3 today . Off you go .
 Congratulations . You 've been drinking .
 Only to remedy the lifeless monotony that has overcome this household .
 You know , Rebekah is still pouting over the Governor 's son .
 When you threw him to his death , did you imagine a different outcome ?
 You monopolize young Marcellus with schooling .
 He and I used to have such fun .
 If only there was someone with whom
 I could share a bit of roguery .
 Ah , yes . That 's right .
 There is .
 You didn 't .
 Mm , bravo .
 That was delectable , but make no mistake , Nik .
 I 'm still cross that you daggered me , but as far as apologies go , it 's a start .
 So this is your idea of fun ?
 Well , you and Marcellus have grown thick as thieves .
 Why should I be alone ?
 Elijah , didn 't expect to see you on this side of the river .
 Didn 't expect to see you assemble a new vampire community .
 I guess we 're both full of surprises .
 My community was fine until Klaus had the brilliant idea to make moonlight rings .
 Now that harvest girl is making more , offering them to the wolves in exchange for their allegiance , and the wolves are just kneeling at her feet .

 The quarter has become a dangerous place , and you , you 're the last true vampire left .
 If you ask me , you 're better off joining my community .
 Maybe that 's why you 're here .
 I came to make you an offer .
 Find me the white oak stake , and I 'll let this little social experiment continue .
 Oh , even if I wanted to help ,
 I don 't have a clue where the stake is .
 Yes , but you do have an ally in Davina .
 She can find it .
 Thing is , I 'd speak to her myself , but I feel the conversation might become a little unpleasant .
 You don 't go anywhere near her .
 Then it 's settled .
 You 'll deal with the matter personally .
 How frustrating ,
 A novice trying to interpret the work of a master .
 It 's a simple delinking spell .
 Simple ?
 You 're trying to erase the link between Klaus and every single vampire he 's sired .
 No . All I care about is Marcel and Josh .
 You kill Klaus , they die , too .
 I can fix that .
 I have Esther 's grimoire .
 It 's just a matter of time .
 Perhaps I can help you solve the riddle .
 Unless you trick me into a spell that will free you from my control .
 For someone who despises Klaus so much , you certainly share his paranoia .
 The sooner you perform the spell , the sooner I 'll be free to kill the bastard .
 Well , you were right to be suspicious .
 Davina is hiding something in that attic .
 The door was locked with a rather complex spell .
 Could be a weapon , source of power .
 I prefer not to leave anything to chance .
 Better we know what she has and whose side she 's on .
 So you 'll take her to dinner .
 I just stood her up for coffee .
 Oh , she probably hates me by now .
 Just do as you 're told , Kol .
 Of course . Finn the sycophant speaks up .
 You gonna grovel at your mother 's heels for eternity , or what ?
 Stop it , both of you .
 There 's enough conflict to come .
 Look at this pack of freeloaders .
 Nonsense .
 These are our friends , wolves in need of a gift only I can provide -- moonlight rings .
 The witches have been working day and night .
 Soon , we will have enough rings for an army ,
 And when we do , we will pay your brothers a visit .
 We 'll teach them the unfortunate error of their vampire ways .
 I told you this place was deserted .
 No . Their scent is fresh .
 They 're hiding , Which means somewhere nearby , we will find the remnants of your pack .

 And then what ?
 It 's not that they 're exactly gonna welcome us .
 If there 's one thing these people hate more than vampires , it 's hybrids .
 What they hate is their lack of power , hence the willingness of their brethren to deal with that witch in exchange for rings .
 But she hasn 't gotten to your lot yet .
 So we need to get to them first and ensure they align with us .
 Awesome .
 All we got to do is find them .
 A task I leave to you . Well , go on .
 You 're a hybrid now with heightened senses unlike anything under the sun besides me .
 This is stupid .
 Your people need a leader .
 You are their queen .
 I am a mess .
 I cry all day . I feed all night .
 All I can think about is how much I miss my daughter .
 Do you think you 're alone in that pain ?
 Have you even thought about her once ?
 I have not stopped thinking about her .
 When it pains me , I seek comfort in the idea of what I will do to those who would harm her .
 Concentrate .
 Davina is on her way .
 By the time she gets here , you need to be gone .
 I 'm not going anywhere till I know the whereabouts of that stake .
 You think she 's just gonna cooperate with you standing here ?
 First thing I learned living with your family , wherever you people go , threats and bloodshed are soon to follow .
 So just stay out of sight . Try not to kill anyone .
 46 , an entire tenement building , 46 bodies drained .
 Nonsense .
 It 's at least 60 .
 Ah , they neglected to check the attic .
 Why do people always run for the attic ?
 I mean , it makes no sense .
 It 's difficult enough to keep our presence in the city a secret without the two of you doing absolutely everything in your power to draw attention to us .
 I 'm surprised you have the time to concern yourself with us , given the hours you spend doting on Marcellus .
 Is that what all this is about ?
 You envy my bond with Marcellus .
 Niklaus , you brought that child into this home .
 He is no longer safe here .
 I cannot allow him to remain .
 You would punish the boy because of Kol 's antics ?
 I 'd just as soon put him in a box .
 You 'd choose that little whelp over our own family ?
 That little whelp is our family . Marcellus stays .

 Long time , little D.
 Got your text . What 's going on ?
 Oh , come here . I don 't get a hug ?
 It 's good to see you , Marcel .
 It 's good to see you , too .
 I appreciate you coming all the way out here .
 How 's school ? Make any new friends ?
 I don 't know .
 This guy asked me out , but then he stood me up .
 He stood you up ?
 You say the word , he 's dead .
 Ok . Look .
 I hate to ask for a favor , but I need a locator spell .
 Something is missing ... A white oak stake .
 It 's powerful enough to kill an original .
 Did one of them put you up to this ?
 D , if that stake is used on Klaus , every vampire that he sired dies , too .
 I know .
 What if I do find it ?
 I mean , I am not just gonna give it to Klaus .
 He and Elijah are both brutal , sadistic monsters .
 I do wish I could disagree with you .
 Tragically , however , you 're quite right .
 Although you and I both have excellent reason to find that weapon .
 I want it to protect my family , and you want it to protect your friends .
 We 'd do well to forget our grievances and join forces . No .

 - Davina , would you just ... - No .
 No . I 'm done listening .
 For a long time , you and your family have had all the power .
 You manipulate and kill anyone who gets in your way . That time is over .

 From now on , you can know what it is to be afraid .
 I asked you to stay out of sight .
 I wanted to speak to her face to face .
 Why , so that you could piss her off ?
 I wanted to see for myself .
 She cares for you , and yet how cavalier she was at the jeopardy that you now face .
 What are you saying ?
 She knows the stake will not be used because she knows precisely where it is .
 She 's had it all along .
 So Jackson is MlA , and Oliver seems to think he 's the alpha .
 They 're not gonna listen to me .
 The crescent mark on your shoulder did not disappear when you became a hybrid .
 Go on . Talk to them .
 What the hell you two want ?
 Hold your tongue , or I 'll tear it from your gaping mouth .
 We didn 't come here to fight , Oliver .
 Our pack has been divided by people that want us to be their slaves .
 What we need right now is a leader , someone who will reunite us and make us strong again , someone who will fight for our pack .
 If you let me , I can be that person .
 You think we can trust you ?
 You 're not one of us . Hell , you 're not even a wolf .
 You 're a bloodsucking vampire parasite .
 Want to say that again and see what happens , Oliver ?
 Tough girl .
 You gonna attack me in front of all them ?
 You 'll just give them another reason to say yes to Cassie and her moonlight rings .
 Yeah . They would rather follow a witch than you .
 Me , hell , I would rather die than follow you .
 Well , we shouldn 't drag this out .
 Let him go , Klaus .
 You need to learn about the art of politics , love .
 You gain support by killing your detractors .
 They may not like me very much , but these people , including Oliver , are my family .
 Let him go now .
 You see , there 's your queen --
 Powerful , fearless , and , unlike me , merciful .
 These people need to show you more respect .
 How you handle them now is up to you .
 Where are you going ?
 I 'm going to find the witch .
 Seems I need to educate her as to what she may or may not do in my city .
 The stake is safe .
 Davina won 't use it on Klaus if it would kill me .
 Well , she has no reason whatsoever not to use it on me .
 I guess you better behave .
 And how long before someone else should make this discovery ?
 What if it falls into enemy hands ?
 Look . I 'll get her to give the stake back , all right ?
 Just give me some time .
 Unfortunately , Marcel , unlike these wretched souls that you recruit here , your promises do little to inspire my faith .
 One way or another , Davina will comply .
 Ok . Do you ever wonder why your family has so many enemies ?
 It 's because you make stupid moves like this .
 It really makes me wonder how the hell
 I ever survived you people .
 Please let me go home .
 Mr. Kol , I don 't like this .
 Don 't be absurd .
 Shakespeare should be experienced in the flesh .
 In truth , these aren 't the finest actors , but we are in the colonies .
 Here . Where were we ?
 Then , venom , to thy work .
 Exchange forgiveness with me , noble Harlot .
 No .
 How many times must I tell you ?
 It 's " Hamlet , " not " Harlot . "
 Sometimes I don 't know why I bother .
 What have you done ?
 I was just introducing Marcellus to the theater .
 I thought you 'd be pleased .
 Is there no limit to your vile imagination , brother ?
 If the lad is going to be a vampire , he 'll have to learn somehow , won 't he ?
 Come .
 I 've already fed him my blood .
 All you have to do is snuff him , and , voila , one of us .
 Well , that 's what you want ...
 Isn 't it ?
 Let him go , Elijah .
 Thank you , Nik .
 At least someone knows the meaning of family .
 I told you before .
 Marcellus is family .
 I don 't fault you for your suspicion , nor Davina for her contempt .
 That does not alter our present dilemma .
 She has that stake .
 I want it back .
 Stare at it all you want , but as long as I have this bracelet ,
 I own you .
 You foolish little girl .
 You imprison me here , you refuse my help .
 All the while , that hybrid monstrosity roams the city , free to prey on anyone you care about , those few that remain .
 What happened to decorum ?
 Does no one greet their guests anymore ?
 Well , that 's more like it , although I am rather disappointed at how many of my once formidable brethren have been neutered by a 16- year- old girl .

 Where is she ?
 Where is this witch who dares craft moonlight rings without my permission ?
 Niklaus ...
 I 've been expecting you .
 I must offer my condolences
 On the tragic loss of your child .
 Wasn 't it your coven who threatened her life ?
 Is that tea your idea of a peace offering ?
 Chamomile has lots of healing properties .
 Did you know that it 's also a flowering plant ?
 I did .
 The plants grew wild near my boyhood home ,
 But neither the tea nor your botanical musings explain the reason why you 've taken it upon yourself to forge new moonlight rings .
 I assumed it was obvious .
 An alliance between the wolves and the witches would restore balance to our home .
 That 's a lofty goal for a teenage girl .
 Long ago , the witches and the wolves were at peace .
 Then came the vampires , a plague made flesh , a curse on this earth .
 You have no humanity , And so you punish those who do .
 Witches have a coven , werewolves have a pack , and so we are a constant reminder of everything that you have forsaken .
 Creatures such as you will always hate the living , and so we will always have to defend ourselves .
 The rings level the playing field .
 If we ware united , nothing can stand against us .
 It 's an ambitious strategy , but allow me to offer a few words of advice , if I may be so bold .
 New Orleans is a vicious place , and your enemies are everywhere --
 Behind your back , before your eyes .
 You will need to remain vigilant against those who would seek to destroy you , some of whom you may never see coming .
 I 've already begun to take precautions .
 In fact , I 'm taking them as we speak .
 My family ? Oh , no .
 They 're all crazy as loons .
 How about your family ?
 Not much to say .
 Only child .
 My dad was distant , which is a lot better than my mom .
 Mommy issues , eh ?
 Bet she 's a control freak , right ? Yeah .
 Same as mine .
 She 's the reason we stopped practicing magic for so long .
 You 're a witch ?
 Don 't look so surprised , luv .
 I didn 't just ask you out because you 're gorgeous . No .
 We 're , uh -- we 're kindred souls .
 What do you mean ?
 I know your story , Davina .
 I mean , you 're practically famous .
 You 're the harvest girl who told them all to shove it .
 I 'm a lot like you .
 Don 't really believe in rules or authority .
 Your courage , it should be celebrated .
 I 'm so sorry .
 He 'll just keep calling until I answer .
 I 'll make it quick .
 You 're stalling .
 No . That 's not creep at all , watching me on me own date .
 Stop complimenting her and find out what she 's hiding .
 I 'm wooing her , Vincent .
 It requires charm and personality , something you 'd know nothing about .
 Our mother wants answers , and if you can 't get them , we 'll do this my way .
 What are you gonna do , you gonna bore her until she can 't help but tell you everything ?
 Oh .
 If you want to find out if someone has a weapon , you provoke them into using it .
 I never said I had it .
 The thing is , Elijah thinks you do .
 Matter of fact , he 's convinced .
 Well , let Elijah think what he wants .
 You 're not save , D.
 Anyone who 's ever wanted to kill an original is gonna be coming after you .
 Fine . Let them try .
 D , come on . Just tell me where you are .
 We can talk about this .
 I 'm at Rousseau 's . Don 't bother coming .
 I 'm leaving now .
 Kaleb ?
 What 's happening ?
 Some fellow just announced they were closing for a private party .
 We should leave now .
 And what 's your rush , sweetheart ?
 Why don 't you stay and party with us ?
 Get out of our way now .
 Can you do that with the rest of them , or ...
 Not all at once .

 You filthy dogs .
 Well , now .
 What an interesting turn of events .
 I 'm going to enjoy this , girl .
 Father .
 Hello , son .
 I 'd hoped to see your brother first , but we have some unfinished business , as well .
 We 're getting out of here .
 No , Marcel . I need my bracelet .
 I can use it to control him .
 Stop !
 Go back now .
 Something to say ?
 Not me , mate .
 Not a bloody thing .
 Chamomile .
 It 's the same tea my mother made .
 How I loathed it .
 Would you have preferred mint ?
 You know , she was insane -- my mother .
 No . It 's true .
 She believed we were abominations .
 " A curse on this earth stretched out over generations "
 Is how she put it ?
 But she was the true monster .
 She changed her children , stole our innocence , made us vampires , condemned us to an eternity of bloodlust and then acted as if we were to blame .

 She sounds awful .
 Are you building to a question , Niklaus ?
 You use my full name as though we are familiars .
 I find it insulting .
 Before she died , a witch revealed that your coven was under my mother 's influence .
 Does she speak to you now ?
 She doesn 't have to .
 I know exactly what she would say .
 She would tell you to go to your room for being so rude .
 It 's ok . Niklaus was just leaving .
 I will happily kill them all .
 Then you will have murdered members of the very pack you still hope to someday lead .
 Besides , there 's no need for bloodshed .
 We can always resume this discussion another day .
 Good night , Niklaus .
 We will speak again soon .
 It is worse than we thought .
 I met the witch -- Cassie .
 I studied her , her presence , the way she carried herself , the fervor with which she voiced her hatred of our kind .
 I looked into that girl 's eyes , and I swear to you , Elijah , she is not just guided by our mother .
 She is our mother .
 What is happening ?
 I 'm going to kill her .
 I will boil her bones and feed them to the dogs if that 's what it takes .
 Niklaus .
 What ? !
 What could possibly be more important than the return of our mother ?
 Our father .
 I saw him standing there in the flesh as you do now .
 He was enslaved with some spell cast by Davina .
 He holds the stake .
 If she chooses to release him ...
 Well , then there 's only one question we need to ask , isn 't there ?
 Which of our parents do we kill first ?
 Take any of the rooms on the first floor .
 Are we running a kennel now ?
 I 'll handle them .
 Our family is under siege .
 It is not the time for guests .
 If they 're not with us , they 're with the witches .
 You asked me to step up .
 This is me stepping up .
 Well , it seems I 'm a good influence on you after all .
 I see a change in him .
 For the first time in centuries , he acted solely for the benefit of another .
 I believe that young Marcellus with whom he can identify and even nurture holds the key to our brother 's troubled soul .
 Unfortunately , Kol , your wretched behavior will only sere to distract him from this auspicious path .
 Now you might well consider me a hypocrite to betray you as I have , but for his sake , you must sleep .
 Even I must make certain sacrifices ...
 If indeed we are the preserve the precious bond between Niklaus and that child .
 Elijah , I did it !
 I memorized the whole passage .
 I could perform it for you .
 Could you now ?
 Marcellus , have you ever considered you might not be the center of the given universe ?
 Niklaus !
 Are you angry with me ?
 Bored would be a more accurate description .
 Niklaus , please !
 What ? What is it ?
 Remove him .
 You brought him here .
 He 's your burden to bear , if indeed we are to accommodate this little scavenger .
 Come now , little warrior .
 Let 's have another go at the bar , shall we ?
 I don 't see Oliver amongst them .
 Am I to assume you finished him off ?
 We made a deal .
 He 'll pledge his loyalty to Cassie , report back , and tell me everything that he learns .
 Well done .
 You girls can just go in here .
 Well , you two have your hands full .
 Were you just leaving ?
 To be perfectly honest with you , the presence of all of them here , it 's -- it 's a little much .
 No . Perhaps it 's for the best .
 You should be with your kind .
 What the bloody hell was that , huh ?
 You need to calm down now .
 You almost got me killed .
 Those wolves didn 't just go after Davina .
 They almost attacked me !
 I 'm aware . I gave the order .
 The attack had to look convincing .
 Look at my head .
 This isn 't gonna heal for weeks !
 I haven 't had a scar in a thousand years !
 You 'll live , and more importantly ,
 Davina will feel indebted to you .
 She will seek you out to apologize for what she perceives as An attack she caused as I planned .
 Well , I 've had enough of your plans .
 You stick me in this body , you force me to sneak around like some common toady .
 If this is the grand new life that you planned for me , then you can have it back !
 You are here by my grace , and you will remain by my grace .
 Have I made myself clear ?
 Yes , yes .
 Your brother was in the attic during the attack .
 Finn , tell him what you saw .
 The door was open , the room was empty .
 So , how did Davina tear apart a pack of vicious wolves ?
 She must have had this weapon with her .
 What is it -- a dark object , a book of spells ?
 Well , I wish I knew .
 I was knocked out during the attack .
 I never saw a thing .
 Let me guess . Davina 's nowhere to be found .
 She wasn 't in the attic , wasn 't anywhere near the lycee .
 I have people looking all over this city .
 She is gone .
 No doubt to protect Mikael while he recovers from the wounds he sustained .
 She 's scared . What do you expect ?
 If I discover that you had even the slightest suspicion that she brought father back ....
 Yeah . What ? You gonna threaten me , my people ?
 I mean , get in line .
 The witches hate us , the wolves can kill us any time they like .
 I can 't even go into the quarter without risking my damn life , and I used to run the quarter , and now Mikael 's back , the vampire who hunts vampires .
 You really think that works in my favor ?
 You want my help finding Davina ,
 I need to know where you stand .
 Now Klaus is on team wolf .
 What are you ?
 I don 't do teams .
 I 'm sorry , but that 's not an option .
 See , you 're an original .
 Every vampire that 's ever been sired is an extension of you and your family .
 Now you can walk away from that and side with Klaus and the wolves , but you 're not one of them , and you never will be .
 You want allies , right ?
 Look around .
 This is ground zero for a new vampire community .
 Now you may think that you 're better than us , but we 're all you got .
 And why would I play benefactor to a collection of lost children ?
 That 's right .
 You never were any good with children , but like it or not , vampires exist because of you .
 And these folks are gonna need your help .
 Her name 's Gia .
 I fed her my blood a few hours ago .
 When she wakes up , she 's gonna need a mentor .
 I hope that you do better with her than you did with me .


