0 0 : 0 0 : 0 0 , 0 0 0 - -&gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 0 1 , 6 0 0 In the previous 'Sexy Wife' . . . it turned out that someone hurt her. I want them die
(sometimes . . . ) I 'm out of money in a few weeks and I 'm done
- maybe you should think about getting a job - ha ( the biggest problem in life . . . ) if you can tell me what he told you I can fix it
I can 't do that (answer. . . )
I had that nightmare again. What do you think the name ANGELA means to you?
In fact, that 's my real name (withheld from . . . ) she died less than a month ago and you seem to have completely forgotten her
(under a bigger lie) ZACH told JULIE what happened to DANA
He didn 't mean to kill Dana
Most moms will tell you their baby is a gift from God
Most moms will also tell you about the gifts their kids gave them, and it wasn 't all that great
LYNETTE endures the drawings his kids draw in kindergarten . . . the spice rack at summer camp . . . the jewelry at the Boy Scouts Cadet Conference
But on this day, LYNETTESCAVO received a gift that every mom dreams of - that won 't make her ashamed to show it
Where did you get this flower pot from?
- what we do - really ?
I love it so much this is the best gift you have ever given me
You know what, I 'm putting this on the front porch so all the neighbors can share my happiness
LYNETTE knew that in her lifetime
She will keep the memory of that moment in her heart, but that memory is shattered the next day
Mrs. Mc CLUSKEY why did you take my flowerpot?
'Cause it 's mine, your sons stole it from my courtyard no, no, no
- my son made this for me for valentine 's day - bought it the last time I went to Costa Rica to play
See? The price tag is still up there
What? Can 't speak?
The cat bit your tongue?
listen-- keep your kid from my stuff
Yes, most moms will tell you their baby is a gift from God
Most moms will also tell you that sometimes you wish you could send them back
- = Eden Forum http: / / www . ydy . com = - Honorary production This subtitle is only for learning and exchange, and is strictly prohibited for commercial use
- = COSL - YTET Group Studio = - Translation: hepburnlss Proofreading: hepburnlss Timeline: wanyq 0 6 8 0

The day before Valentine 's Day, every man in WISTERIALANE is preparing for the most dangerous holiday
Someone bought a romantic card . . . someone bought home candy and flowers . . . someone made a reservation for dinner at a fancy restaurant . . .
Others managed to forget again . . .
this day
Such behavioral panic is not seen at all in the women of WISTERIALANE
They 're busy unraveling their neighbor 's secret -- a secret that must be heartbreaking
So PAUL said ZACHARY killed DANA? Yeah

That must be some kind of accident. I mean, little boy doesn 't kill his baby sister for no reason.
Anyway, that kid is very mentally ill and I have banned Julie from interacting with him
Can you hold her for me?
So here it is, here it is, the secret that MARYALICE wants to keep
Think of how much guilt she was under.
I never thought I 'd say that but I 'm kind of sad for PAUL
wish i could too
I still feel that something is not quite right. What do you mean?
We 've all been to their house
Have you seen a picture of another child?
Why keep DANA 's baby blanket and lose all the pictures?
Makes sense
We don 't yet know why MARYALICE calls herself ANGELA during psychotherapy
All I know is - - MARYALICE LOVE ZACH MORE THAN ANYTHING IN THE WORLD
When you love a child so much . . . you can do anything
Yes
Hello
These were sent to my house by mistake
M A Y   I ?
They 're for MARYALICEYOUNG oh my god
I, um... .
I have a standing order with the florist, I . . . forgot to cancel it
MARYALICE is my wife she passed away a few months ago
I sympathize with your pain of losing a loved one I sympathize with you and I too
Excuse me ?
your sister - - MARTHA ?
Oh yes
she
God, that 's ANGELA
what ?
ANGELAFORREST , we worked together in Utah that must have been 15 years ago
I think you got it wrong my wife 's name is MARYALICE
she 's never been to utah
Maybe I 'm mistaken like I said, that-- was years ago
No, MICKEY, you 're wrong, I didn 't act like a diva (hard to serve) I left the boat show because the coordinator was eating my tofu
that 's not my fault
YAOLIN , there is a stain you didn 't wipe
No, don 't talk to me, help me find another job
CARLOS and MY bills are piling up but we can 't pay
goodbye

what did you just say? nothing
Are you still wiping that stain?
Which piece ?
The one I told you to wipe clean
i will wipe

Why clean it up now?
because I said
OK
But you have to add the word 'please'
nice please
I wish there was something that would keep you from living a life of brushing other people 's ground like this
You are not much better than me! What did you say?
The only reason you have anything in life is because you are beautiful
One day you will grow old too, and then you will be nothing
you are fired
Who 's afraid of who
Oh valentine 's card, so beautiful and finely hand painted
Whoever sent you this must love you . . . and be gifted
The card is beautiful, thank you

Do we have an event tomorrow night?
Oh, not just a general event
I booked a seat at LAPETITEFLEUR
Oh that place is so pretentious I 've always wanted so badly
Children, come home quickly!
children? !
Oh poor LYNETTE if she can 't get a babysitter soon, she 'll blow up
Hey guys, who are you hiding from?
Our mom, she wants to spank us
Why? Did you do anything bad?
She 'll start to worry if you stay out too long, and then she 'll get angrier
Know what I think? You should go home and be punished
You still have a chance to play for the rest of the day

come on, climb up

I have a hand, I like children very much
I really want to have our own soon
Oh !
We don 't want to be spanked we promise to be a good boy
too late
You steal, and you lie, even worse
You embarrassed me in front of Mrs. Mc CLUSKEY and you know she is my mortal enemy
Time to choose your 'torture'. How about a belt? That 's a classic


We can use old pecan sprigs a bit corny, but . . .
very effective
I know - - we can also use the little hole in the spatula to reduce air resistance
Move faster. Guys, guys! Hey, I can 't help it either! No! No!




A thief deserves a spanking
that 's common sense
- unless . . . - unless what ?

Since it 's a first offense, if you swear, from the bottom of your heart, you 'll never ever steal again and write a letter of apology to Mrs. Mc CLUSKEY, I 'll let you go
OK, OK! We swear! We swear!

Good, starts with 'Dear Mrs. Mc CLUSKEY'
Mom, why are you laughing?
Do you know what 'psychological warfare' means?
I don 't know it 's too bad for you
Okay, it starts with an uppercase 'M' and a lowercase 'c', great
REX and I have a dinner party in 10 weeks
We will use our best cutlery and will also cook roast duck
So you and REX are reunited, yeah
One of the reasons I hate that we 're separated is -- -- not being able to have dinner parties
They are so elegant and refined, don 't you think ?
It gives me the impression that you have been able to ease your resentment over his infidelity?
Let 's just say I put them in an imaginary box and don 't want to see them anytime soon
Do you think that would be the healthiest way to achieve reconciliation?
It will be difficult at first, requiring constant forced laughs and perfunctory sex but after a few decades, I am sure I will find a way to forgive him
Now that you have a plan . . .

Dr. GOLDFINE, I do want to forgive him but . . . some things he still hasn 't told me really?
I think that has something to do with why he 's having an affair
Have you ever had an open and honest conversation with him? Once, you should have seen the look in his eyes, he was scared I know
You know what he 's hiding, right? Bree, I can 't talk to you about the other patients

I understand
What he hid--isn 't it a bad thing?
Oh, well, um. . .
Maybe I still don 't know better
BREE, if you can 't be honest with the other side about the most intimate things in your life, how can there be any hope for this kind of reconciliation?
We are, um, Caucasian Protestant Dr. GOLDFINE
Turning a blind eye to the unsightly is what we do best
Can you bear -- this life full of oppression and rejection?
There is also a dinner party, don 't forget there is a dinner party

There you can see QUEENS, as well as the QUAD-SPRING series and DELUXE 1 0 0 0, until the Imperial Palace
Nice job right, huh?
I swear, sometimes I wake up in the morning and can 't believe I 'm SIESTAKING
And in fact I 'm pretty good
So where does the photographer want me to take pictures?
Uh, didn 't your agent tell you? No one came to take pictures
Then what are you hiring me for?

Have you ever heard a word called 'beauty promotion'? That 's what you do
Your job is to remind people that there are many things they can do on a SIESTAKING mattress that are not related to sleep
clear ?
As the saying goes, good fences make good neighbors
But LYNETTE soon discovers that her fence might need some barbed wire if her neighbor is Mrs. Mc CLUSKEY
Hi !
hi do you know what you are doing? go out
Your petty criminals sneaked into my house and stole my wall clock
what ?
That 's a hand-painted purple and white wall clock my son made
Are you sure you 're not misplaced? You 're getting old no offense, but you probably forgot where you put things
No offense, but you better not have any more kids
My sons don 't break into someone 's house, they may have stolen your pot, but they 've apologized
They wrote a note
That 's what cowards do, they should come and apologize in person
You know, it used to be fun, but now -
It 's a disgrace for you to indulge these boys too much, with toys scattered all over the yard and bicycles on the road
Get out of my house!
Maybe these kids would be better off being raised by wolves than they are now
God knows, at least they 'll be cleaner!
Tomorrow is Valentine 's Day I know
Already bought you roses and English toffee?

Well, as usual
Yes
I think we 'll have sex tomorrow night too, right?
That 's one of our little traditions
Very good. I 'm looking forward to it
Are you expecting? What?
Just . . . I know I can 't please you sexually so I 'm wondering if you 're really looking forward to having sex with me
oh for god 's sake
Sorry REX . I thought I could pretend this didn 't bother me anymore, but I can 't
please don 't say that
You 're having an affair, another woman is sexually, she can give you something I can 't give you then you at least tell me what it is
BREE , I can 't
why not ?
REX , please tell me
let me prove how much i love you
I like to be driven, huh?
Sexually huh?
never mind
REX , please, I want to understand












How? What exactly did your mother do to you?
what ?
Come on, you see, it 's just a legacy of unresolved childhood trauma
- BREE , it 's not about my mom, it 's just a preference- it 's a sexual deviant
For God 's sake, you promised to support me
What do you want me to say - - my husband likes to wear metal clips on his nipples, hooray?
I want you to say you want to try it just-- just once
Try what? Hurt you?
- Are you saying you want me to hurt you? - Yes, that 's how I 'll feel good
Very good, do you feel pleasure in this way too?
What does MIKE want for a child?
he wants children
He looked like a standard man and said, 'I 'm ready to give birth. Take me to the nearest cervix.'
You mean you don 't want this ?
Oh, I can 't have another child
I 'm so grateful that I had you and I didn 't regret a minute, but I--
I feel stressed
Sometimes I don 't even know how I got through it in the first place You got through it with me
Did you tell MIKE what you think?
oh i can 't tell him
This might make him break up with me JULIE, I really love him. I don 't want to lose him
Maybe you 're overreacting, I bet he wants you more than kids
If not? Then here 's what you should know

SUSAN don 't have to worry so much
Children may be the last thing Mike thinks about
He 's busy looking for answers in the completely wrong place
Confidence, another ---
You 're lucky you didn 't hit the key spot

- NOAH is getting impatient - you can tell NOAH that I 'm getting closer to the truth
- That 's her, isn 't it? - Yes
It 's hard to imagine that a kid from such a good family could be in such a bad situation
I met some people who recognized her picture
They think she 's renting an apartment in PINEAVENUE
- I 'm inspecting the house . . .
- Hi MIKE , it 's me. Are you there? Please answer the phone
Hi
Well, I know you 're home. Your lights are on
I really need to talk to you about something
You know what, I- I 'm coming over
oh hi hi it 's me
are you all right? all right
I just - - lol - - touched my toes
Oh
Um. . .
Can I come over? I- I really want to talk to you about something
Actually, I have a brother here um, can we wait till dinner tomorrow?
is the important thing, um. . .
ok i think i can wait
- See you at 7? - Okay. I can 't wait
You should take a few days off I can 't cancel (that dinner)
The last thing I want is to make her suspicious
Maybe I 'm demented but I still haven 't found my purple wall clock
No one in my family knows, no one cares where your ben is
Oh, by the way, can you tell your little criminals to get their bikes off the road?
no, you dare!
We 'll move when you say 'please'
Please
L - LYNETTE , let 's not be angry
Although it was Mrs. Mc CLUSKEY who officially declared the outbreak of war, LYNETTE, fired first
You 're going to wash it - do you think so? - yeah


Yes, the war in WISTERIALANE was a mess for everyone involved
Excuse me

We want to know how many spring coils are on this one

Oh
I am sorry
How is this going ?
People keep coming over to talk to me and ask me questions, it 's not my job
you don 't have to be rude
i 'm not a mattress salesman
Is there anything wrong with being a mattress salesman?
Do you think that 's not for you or what? Honestly, yes

i am a model
You know what, your agent warned me that you 're like a diva, and he was right
You don 't talk to customers, you complain about the coffee taste, you won 't even chip in for HAZEL 's birthday cake
I just met that woman today
But you still ate a piece of cake
I 'm sorry, but I don 't want to have a non-team player in my shop
- Oh, no, no, no. Wait a minute, wait a minute- - - you 're fired, princess
Do not
I would like to know if my policy covers this
No, my car was fine, it was my neighbor 's car
But the egg is mine
- Hmm. Can I talk to your boss? - Hmm, honey, can you come out?

What 's up ?
Look what I found in the kids ' dollhouse
Please tell me that 's not a purple wall clock
Pack your bags, let 's move

Hit by unemployment, GABRIELLE thinks a change in image would be a cure for her depression
After discovering a bottle of moisturizer she can 't afford, GABRIELLE finally realizes . . . maybe it 's time for her self-esteem to change
Excuse me, ma 'am? You forgot to give me the receipt
oh yes, uh, oh, here
for you
Thank you, please come again
Mrs SOLIS ?
oh god
- hello- hello, YAOLIN
- how are you? - good, very good
I thought about calling you I 'm sorry for what happened last time
i want lipstick
- Okay, but- - - now
You must be enjoying it, huh?
It must be like a dream come true to have me to serve you
There 's really nothing to complain about
YAOLIN , the difference between you and me
It 's our dream. Close your eyes
thanks
You see, I dreamed of being able to free myself from poverty, and I did
I dreamed of some things and I got them all - a booming career, a handsome husband, a luxurious house
So it 's just a little bit on the radar for me because now I know what I can do if I make it once, I can make it again
I 've never really been down, YAOLIN even when I look like this
So enjoy the moment and enjoy your dreams

'Cause the dream is over for you
Look, you are so beautiful
Is it alright to go this way?
Oh yeah! This dress keeps shrinking up like it does now If I walk faster, everyone will have a happy Valentine 's Day (everyone 's eyes are blessed)
especially i thank you

Excuse me, ma 'am?
Oh, I 'm sorry! Everyone-- Are you all right?

Thank you very much
- ma 'am, your napkin - don 't even think about it
oh, you wrote so well, thank you

I don 't want any kind of companion until I figure something out
Do you remember the day you said you wanted a baby?
I think this way I don 't think I 'm ready to have another baby
I think we should have a serious talk
OK
- I won 't go - you will
No. I can live with the humiliation of visiting the neighbors and returning all the kids ' stolen stuff but please don 't make me apologize to that woman
LYNETTE, that 's what a good neighbor should do -- find a way to get along and not, you know throwing eggs at each other
But why do I have to apologize? Why don 't we just go over there and say 'oh, now we 're tied' and start over?
Well, if, um, the argument of being a nice guy doesn 't convince you, let 's try, um, self-defense instincts, what if she wakes up in the middle of the night to find our house on fire? Don 't you want her to call 9 1 1 ?
If our house is on fire, I assure you it must have been her
I mean maybe one day we 'll need her help I don 't want her to be reluctant to help us just because of some stupid feud
All right, I 'll go. Thank you
Whoever came up with the adage 'Love your neighbor' is definitely not a neighbor of CAROLYNM c CLUSKEY
Yeah, the only adage that matters on Valentine 's Day is
love your husband
Really? I- I can 't think of a saying like that
I understand why you want kids but that chapter of my life just ended me - I don 't think I can go through it again
So from how I feel and from how I feel about you . . .
Oh my god
It 's hard for you to accept this answer, I 'm just worried about that
Um. . .
What 's up ?
What am I going to do?
I am sorry

Can not believe it
You--you 're leaving without trying to convince me to have a baby for you?
I mean, how do you know I 'm not going to back down? I 'm always easy to back down. I--
M I K E ? !
Good night
How does this control work?
nothing to be afraid of
Most of the time, we just build simple scenes and act them out
It 's almost like a little play
If the situation gets too brutish, we 'll use a floor
- If one of us said the word the other stopped immediately - OK. So what 's the bottom line?
Well, recently... .
I 've been using 'Philadelphia'
Is there anything wrong ?
no, just . . . my aunt fern lives in philadelphia and i don 't want to think about her when I whip you with a leash
All right
You pick a bottom line um...
How about 'BOISE'? 'BOISE'?

What happened to 'BOISE'?
We 're going to have a psychological role play, BREE A funny word like 'BOISE' will ruin the atmosphere
we need a word that sounds serious
How about 'Palestine'?
Or 'BOISE'
So I think we should, um, start
what do you want me to do? handcuff me to the bed
BREE , you won 't regret going through this process with me
This can inject far more passion into our marriage than you can imagine
As long as you trust me I trust you

Would you mind if I put the handcuffs in the dishwasher to sanitize them?
of course not
You can wait here, and as soon as the doctor is done, you can go in and see him
oh ok thanks
Can you believe what he said?
Please. That gunshot wound couldn 't have been self-inflicted
It 's ridiculous that he doesn 't even remember who stitched it up for him
The police are coming to talk to him soon, let them figure out what 's going on
sorry for ruining dinner
Oh please, I 'm so glad you 're alright
So . . . you shot yourself?
Very unconvincing, huh?
I was cleaning my automatic pistol and... I was too embarrassed to tell you
hmmm . . . i know why you do i know it sounds crazy i just--
I can 't let myself ruin your Valentine 's Day
But I heard what you said in the restaurant - about not wanting kids - we don 't need to talk about this right now

No, SUSAN . . .
I just want to be with you and nothing else matters
If that means I can 't be a dad . . .
I may be stupid enough to shoot myself but I 'm not stupid enough to leave you
you know, right? yes

I 'm going out . . . give you a break
Thank you . . . thank you for understanding me so well
Female
Excuse me, Mr. Delfino
I 'm Officer RUSSELL and this is Officer WALTERS and I want to ask you some questions, sir, if you think it 's okay

What do you guys think? The kids have something to say to you

I warmed up some tea on the stove boys, maybe you 'd better come in
How are you, LYNETTE? Do you have anything to say?

no
i 'm waiting right here
it 's up to you
Would you like some peanut candy? Get it yourself
Don 't drop the crumbs on the ground. Go over a little

OK

Come on. You guys apologize
We 're sorry for that, huh?
Don 't you know that stealing is wrong?
How old are you? We are 6 years old
And you ?
5 years old

Your mother can really give birth, one by one? How old are you?
What do you think ?
150 years old
Hurry up and eat your peanut candy

Who is that ?
That 's my son where does he live?

How come he died when he was 12 years old?
He is sick
He 's a little naughty like the three of you
You guys will like him. Have you finished eating the peanut candy?
let 's go

I want to talk to you before you leave
What you 're doing is wrong, but the good thing is that you thought of giving mom a gift for Valentine 's Day
No one will love you like your mother
ok let 's go
get out of my house
In her heart, LYNETTE knew she would probably never love her neighbor but she never realized that love was something she and her neighbor had in common
- hi- hi, LYNETTE - um. . . - what 's wrong?
My kids are hooked on stealing from the neighbors
- I 'm so sorry - I understand. They 'll be punished
Maybe forever but I want you to see one thing
They say it was stolen from Mike 's garage from his workbench
your mike
How? Read the engraved words

Is that blood? I don 't know
This - - what does this mean ?
I have no idea

We can 't understand how powerful love is
It supports us through difficult times . . .
Or inspire us to make extraordinary sacrifices
It can force decent men to do the darkest things . . . or ordinary women . . . to find hidden truths
Love lives on long after we 're gone, deep in our memory
We are all looking for love but some of us . . . after we find love . . .
I 'd rather hope I didn 't find it

