 My siblings and I are the first vampires in all of history , the original family .
 3 centuries ago , we helped build a town called New Orleans .
 Now a plot by witches has lured me back , hopping that I will defeat a tyrant , a vampire I created .
 My brother hopes I will find redemption through the power of family , a miracle child , part werewolf , part vampire , a hybrid .
 My sister is doubtful .
 She thinks I am beyond redemption .
 Despite my brother 's best efforts ,
 I have a plan of my own . I will take back my home and claim what was mine .
 I will be King .

 The city of New Orleans .
 People of all stripes and flavors from all over the country come here to party on our streets .
 Some are just looking for fun , some are looking for something a little darker , more dangerous .
 So we invite them into my home , and we give it to them .

 Then at the stroke of midnight , everything changes , and it 's time to feed .

 This is how I keep my guys happy , the occasional all- you- can- eat buffet .
 My nightwalkers love it .
 Got them working hard trying to earn one of these daylight rings .
 They deserve to blow off a little steam .
 My daywalkers , the trusted few , they just like to party .

 It 's quite an operation .
 Tell me , what about the victims ?
 Seems like a lot of graves to dig .
 Can 't kill them all .
 Too many folks go missing , tourism drops , so we heal them with a little vamp blood , erase their memory , send them on their way , no muss , no fuss .
 I 'm impressed .
 Nothing I didn 't learn from you back in the day .
 Marcel .
 What 's up , Thierry ?
 6 of our guys were killed in a bar outside of the quarter , nightwalkers .
 No one saw who .
 Elijah , if not answering your phone was part of your clever plan to get me back to this godforsaken city , then well done .
 I 'm here , and I 'm worried .
 Now pick up before I kick in your bloody door .

 Who the hell are you ? Ahh .
 You must be the maid .
 My bags are in the car . Get them , will you ? Hello .
 Not the maid .
 Right .
 You 're that werewolf girl my brother Klaus knocked up .
 I was expecting to see some kind of supernatural miracle baby bump .
 Guess you 're not showing yet . It 's Hayley , isn 't it ?
 You have your brother 's manners .
 And his temper , too , so watch it .
 Where 's Elijah ?
 Beats me .
 He 's long gone .
 What do you mean long gone ?
 Well , one minute he was here making epic promises about protecting me in this predicament that a bottle of scotch and some bad decisions got me into , he was all poetic about how we 're family , and then Klaus told he me bailed .



 Guess that 's what I get for trusting a vampire .
 Elijah is not just any vampire , and he doesn 't break promises , which means Niklaus has done something dastardly and Klaus- like .
 Klaus , get out here and tell me what you 've done with our brother , you narcissistic , back- stabbing wanker !

 Enough with all the shouting .
 Little sister . I should have known .
 I assume the 6 dead vampires were your doing .
 They were very rude ...
 Aah !
 Trying to victimize a poor , innocent girl just trying to find her way to the quarter .

 So sorry .
 Were they friends of yours ?
 Oh , that 's right . You don 't have any friends .
 I do have friends . I have Marcel .
 You remember him , don 't you ?
 Yes , of course you do . He fancies himself .
 The king of quarter now , and he has these rules about killing vampires .
 It will be fun to see what sort of punishment he comes up with for you .
 I don 't care about Marcel or his rules .
 Elijah doesn 't welsh on deals .
 What did you do to him ?

 Perhaps he 's on holiday or taking a long autumn nap upstairs .
 Well , go on .
 Take a look around .

 You remember this house as well as I.
 I remember everything .
 I remember how the drunken fool of a Governor hid away all our vampire sins in exchange for gold .

 I remember the lavish parties the Governor threw as if to impress you .

 I remember finding a moment of affection with the Governor 's son Emil ...

 And I remember that even Elijah was happy .
 Your brother , he 's gone too far .
 Niklaus , there is no hope for you , is there ? Are we interrupting ?
 Yes . No .
 Dearest Elijah , you 've only ever wished happiness for me .
 Emil and I are in love .
 Please let me turn him .
 Heh heh heh !
 Rebekah , the Governor has graciously agreed to hide a lot of our ...
 Indiscretions . It would not do to turn his only son into one of us .
 Please for me .
 It 's not gonna happen , sister .
 If we turned every man you dropped your knickers for , then human beings would cease to exist , and we 'd have no bloody food .
 How dare you , sir !
 You would do well to ... aagh !
 Drop him .
 Klaus !
 Klaus , drop him .
 Wait !
 No !

 Get him out !
 Well , he wasn 't good enough for you .
 No one was ever good enough for me , Nik .
 You made sure of that . Now where 's Elijah ?
 Where are you going ?
 It appears the night is not quite over yet . I 'm off for another drink with Marcel .
 Elijah told me your plan to take apart
 Marcel 's empire piece by piece . I don 't remember it involving you two drinking
 New Orleans dry together .
 I know you don 't have many friends , Rebekah , but what some friends do when they get together is they drink , and when they drink , they tell secrets .
 Marcel has somehow found a way to control the entirety of witches in the quarter , and I aim to uncover the how so I might take it for myself .
 Finding Elijah didn 't make my to- do list today .
 Oh .
 And welcome home , little sister .
 You , wolf girl .
 I 'm gonna search this house inch by inch until I find what my evil brother has done to my good one .
 You 're helping .

 The Governor had lots of secret rooms . I 'll show you his favorite .

 You think Klaus killed him .
 We can 't be killed , silly girl , but that doesn 't stop Klaus from finding ways to torture us .
 He has a set of mystical silver daggers .
 One in the heart sends us into a deep slumber .
 Klaus gets his jollies from keeping us in a box until he decides to pull the dagger out .
 That must be what he 's done to Elijah .
 This one 's mine .
 He keeps your coffin on standby ?
 He likes to be prepared for when his family members inevitably disappoint him .
 Elijah 's isn 't here .
 He must have stashed him elsewhere .
 I feel sick .
 Welcome to the family , love .
 You should have run the second your realized Elijah was gone .
 Well , the witches have put some sort of hex on me .
 Yeah .
 As long as I 'm carrying this baby , I can 't leave New Orleans .
 If I do , they kill me .
 Well , knowing Klaus , he 's planning a box for you the second you give birth to whatever 's cooking in your tum .
 I 'm leaving as soon as I find Elijah .
 Being daggered in a box for decades sucks .
 Trust me .
 You best find a way to break that hex and run .

 Hello ?
 Seriously , Marcel ?
 Trying to scare me ?
 I had nothing to do with the attack on your guys last night .
 Sophie Deveraux .
 My brother Elijah told me about you .
 Know who I am ?
 Yeah , I know .
 Then you know we need to talk .
 So if I had to guess , knowing Klaus ' history ,
 Elijah has a dagger in his chest .
 It 's a magical object . You 're a witch .
 Do a locator spell ,
 locate the dagger , locate Elijah .
 I can 't use magic .
 It 's punishable by death .
 Marcel 's rules . Marcel ?
 What do you think I 'm going to do to you if you don 't give me what I want ?
 Not much .
 I 've been linked , so anything you do to me , you do to Hayley .
 Who ? Oh .
 Right . The mumsy .
 Well , luckily for you , Elijah seems to care about her .
 Otherwise , I 'd break your neck right here .
 How did Marcel get so bloody powerful anyway ?
 It wasn 't like this when I left 11 years ago .
 Marcel has a way to tell whenever there 's magic done in the quarter .
 The how isn 't relevant .
 I 'll tell you what 's not bloody relevant .
 A coven of witches who can 't do magic .
 Here 's an idea . Move away .
 We practice ancestral magic .
 This cemetery is filled with the remains of our witch ancestors .
 Without access to them , we 're powerless .
 If we run , we 're leaving our legacy behind , our home , our family .
 Well , family 's overrated .
 Look at me . I 'm back in a city that 's given me nothing but heartache ,
 looking for a brother who 's hell- bent on protecting a baby I don 't care about .
 I find that hard to believe .
 You 're here , aren 't you ? I 'm here for Elijah .
 The instant I find him , I 'm gone .
 He was the one who idiotically believed this baby would be Niklaus ' redemption , and now he 's missing , probably at the hands of Klaus himself , and you were foolish enough to believe that Elijah could convince Klaus to go against Marcel when everyone knows that they have a history .

 Klaus sired Marcel , I 'm aware .
 You don 't understand .
 Marcel is not just some guy that Klaus turned into a vampire .
 Klaus loved him like a son .
 I was there the day that they met .
 We were burying Emil , the Governor 's only son .
 Ow ! Ow !
 Turns out the Governor had another son from a mother that he owned .
 Oww !
 Owww !
 What is your name ?
 Don 't got one .
 Mama wouldn 't name me till I turned 10 case the fever took me .
 Then it took her .
 You 're a survivor , and survivors need names .
 How about Marcellus ?
 Marcellus ?
 It comes from Mars , the God of war , and it means little warrior .
 Perhaps there is hope for our brother after all .
 Klaus saw himself in the boy .
 He remembered how our father used to beat him .
 He , too , was the bastard child of a man who saw him as nothing but a beast .
 And that is why your plan will fail .
 All you 've done is bring back together two long lost souls .
 Without Elijah between them , who knows what they 'll do ?
 Well , this is a far cry from last night 's party .
 Ahh .
 In pursuit of the bartender from Rousseau 's , I see .
 She 's a work in progress .
 And yet here you are , pining over her when you should be eating her for lunch .
 Well , she must be special .
 Business first . The coroner called .
 He 's got my number in case any dead tourists show up .
 Let me guess .
 Dead tourists with a stamp on their hand and vampire blood in their veins .
 Someone takes a drunken tumble off a balcony or into the Mississippi , and today , I 've got two of them to deal with .
 It happens .

 Excuse me , love .
 What 's that you 're studying ?
 Abnormal psychology .
 Abnormal psychology .
 Well ... Perhaps you could help me diagnose my friend over here .
 He 's been a little bit depressed .
 Can 't keep his mind off a girl .
 He tells me she 's a queen fit for a King .
 I think he should cut his losses and move on .
 What 's your professional opinion ?
 Be a nice guy , and maybe the opportunity will present itself someday .
 How about tonight , 9 : 00 ?
 I 'll meet you right here .
 I 'll take it under consideration .
 Hmm .
 Harsh .
 I daresay I 've lost my touch , or you 've lost yours .
 Oh .
 Hey , hey , wait .
 We 're closed . Sorry .
 I just need one teeny tiny little herb . Please .

 Which herb ?
 Crushed aconite flower .
 Wolfsbane ?
 That 's a poison .
 Looking to kill a wolf ?
 Just a little one .
 Give me a minute .
 Cut it with jimson weed , a few drops in some hot tea .
 That should do it .
 Here .
 It 's an ugly town for wolves .
 You 're doing the right thing .
 Hey . Want to gain points ?
 Tell Marcel there 's a werewolf in the quarter .
 You take me to the nicest places .
 Welcome to the land of the newly dead .
 I won 't waste your time .
 I trust you filled them in .
 To be honest , not much in the way of potential here .
 Yeah ? Well , I just lost 6 nightwalkers .
 I got wholes to fill .
 I 'll keep this quick .
 That itch you feel , that 's the need to feed coming on strong , a hunger for human blood .
 Drink it , you 're a vampire .
 Don 't , you die again , this time for good right here in a body bag .
 Hey .
 What are you thinking , cute , dorky girl or gay best friend ?
 Dealer 's choice .
 Dealer 's choice . Ok .
 Whoever picks up this coin gets to live forever .
 The other one dies .

 Damn , girl !
 I said damn !
 How could you ?
 Get over it , Josh ! It 's not like I had a choice .
 You would have done the same thing but you 're such a little , measly ...
 let her die in cold storage .
 Got a thing about people who betray their own friends .
 Come on .
 Let 's go for a ride .
 Go .



 Attaque au fer .
 Now counter- parry .
 A hit ! Palpable hit .

 I 'm gonna marry you someday .
 I would never marry someone who couldn 't best me in a duel .
 Another lesson ?
 Huh !
 Hyah !
 Rebekah Mikaelson .
 Come to teach me another lesson ?
 Last time I saw you , royal street was burning , and you all were fleeing the city from your daddy .
 Thought you were dead .
 You never looked back to find out .
 Why are you here ?
 Elijah . I think Klaus has done something to him .
 Stop .
 Stop right there .
 If there 's one thing I 've learned about you Mikaelsons , it 's don 't get in the middle of family feuding .
 Doesn 't end well . There 's nothing going on between us .
 I swear it on my life .
 Your life means something to me . Give me the privilege of honesty , or that will cease to be the case .
 I like her , and I think it 's mutual , but I haven 't done anything about it , and I wouldn 't , not ... and you won 't .

 I love my sister , but she lacks fortune when it comes to men .
 They come and go for her , but I am the constant .
 She 's my family .
 You said I was family . I have begged you to turn me into a vampire .
 And I told you I will turn you when you 're ready .
 You go near Rebekah again , and you never will be . Even after all you 've achieved , you 're still scared of him .
 I 'm not scared of anyone .
 If I find out you know where Elijah is , you needn 't fear Klaus .
 I 'll kill you myself .
 Nostalgia 's a blast and all , but I can 't help you .
 It 's nice seeing you , though .
 Good luck finding what you 're looking for .
 I know that face .
 Woman trouble .
 You 're a dick , you know that . Why didn 't you tell me your sister 's back in town ?
 I thought it would be more amusing for you to find out for yourself .
 Is there anything else that I need to know ?
 Only that she 's grown considerably more insane in the last century .
 Or maybe that it was her who killed my guys .
 Doubtful .
 Unless that biker bar is frequented by small- town high- school quarterbacks , I can 't imagine she 'd be interested .
 Yeah ?
 Just got a tip someone saw a werewolf in Bienville Park .
 Get a couple nightwalkers to run it down .
 Bring me back its head . Well , I guess that solves the mystery of the murdered riffraff .
 At least my sister 's in the clear .
 About that . I don 't have time for Mikaelson family drama .
 You 're my guest .
 Keep your sister in line . I have a greater chance of draining the Mississippi with a straw !

 Come on , Hayley . One upset stomach , and all this stupid drama is ancient history .
 Dumb moving coming into the quarter .
 You 're coming with me , wolf . I have had it to here with vampires telling me what to do !
 Aah !
 Ugh !
 Unh !
 Now that is no way to treat a pregnant lady .
 I do hate bad manners .

 This is why I told you never to leave the house .
 Werewolves are banned in the quarter .
 I had a plan , and your little nighttime stroll put it all in peril .
 Leave him ! You 've done enough , don 't you think ,
 leaving a trail of bodies like a roadmap to my door ?
 If I hadn 't overheard this lot bragging about werewolf heads , everyone here would be screwed , and don 't give me that crap about having a plan .
 You 've had all the time in the world to execute a plan , and no one 's seen you do a damn thing !
 Elijah made a deal to protect your child so that he could save you from your selfish , rotten self .
 You obviously don 't give a damn about the child or Elijah because what have you done to honor it ?
 I have done everything .
 Let me spell it out for you , shall I ?
 From the day I arrived , Marcel hasn 't trusted me .
 From day one , he 's had his vampires ingest toxic vervain , which as you know , little sister , protects them from my mind control .
 I needed a spy , someone on the inside with me who Marcel would never suspect , so I created a day zero and got there first .
 Unh ! Hey .
 Marcel had just lost 6 vampires thanks to your little murder spree , and he needed new recruits , so I made the new one mine before he 'd had even a drop of vervain .

 Now let 's have a little chat about what you can do for me .
 But we all know the real way to a man is through his heart , so ...
 So my mate Marcel ... nice bloke , don 't you think ?
 No .
 He 's charming , sexy , confident , incredibly hot , but let 's be honest , he 's a bad boy , right , like you , and right now , I only need good in my life , not someone who 's ... tragically wounded and damaged by demons he can 't escape .


 The damaged ones , they 're not good , at least not for me .
 I understand , I do .
 However , give him one chance .
 Then I need you to tell me where he goes and who he sees .
 Compel him to believe his mates found religion and moved to Utah so that he can explain to Marcel why he lost 3 more vampires tonight .

 Does anyone have any more questions ?
 No .
 Good because I have a question , Hayley .
 What were you doing in the bloody French quarter in the first place ?
 Answer me !
 Nik , leave her be . You want to know what I was doing ?
 I was buying poison so I could put your little baby out of its misery .
 Nik !
 Nik !
 Keep your hands off her .
 She is pregnant for God 's sake !
 All of this bluster about not wanting the child , and then the second she tells you she 's ready to get rid of it ...

 It 's ok to care .
 It 's ok to want something .
 That 's all Elijah was trying to do , all he 's ever wanted for you , all we 've ever wanted .

 I gave Elijah to Marcel .
 What ?
 Marcel was nervous .
 It was bad enough one original returned to town , but two ?
 His crew was getting antsy . He wanted Elijah gone , so I gave him a peace offering .

 You bartered our brother .
 I have a plan .
 Gain Marcel 's trust , dismantle his empire , honor Elijah 's wish that that baby be born .
 I am executing that plan the only way I know how .
 If you don 't like it , there 's the door .

 See if I care .

 I know you don 't know me very well , but thanks .
 I appreciate what you did in there .
 Us girls have got to look out for each other . What is it with you two ?
 I mean , you say you hate him , but the way you deal with him , it 's so clear .
 Even when you hate him , you still love him .
 I guess when you spend a thousand years with someone , deciding to quit them is like
 losing a part of yourself , but sometimes , the hate is just so powerful .
 Emil wasn 't the only boyfriend of mine that Klaus killed .
 He did it again and again every time I found someone to care about .
 He just kept doing it until finally I stopped falling in love .
 He said he was protecting me from my mistakes , that no one was ever good enough for his little sister until one day someone was .

 How was the river ?
 It 's cool , sweet .
 I should go inside .


 My brother will kill you .
 Then I 'll die smiling .


 Did I not warn you ?
 Klaus , I beg of you ! He is not like any other .
 You saw it in him from the very first day .
 You saved him , protected him .
 You raised him .
 You cannot kill him .

 You are right .
 I cannot .
 Ohh !
 But you , dear sister , need a lesson in what you can and cannot take from me .
 If you know Marcel has Elijah , why don 't you just get him back yourself ?
 Because if I cross my brother , then there 's still a coffin downstairs with my name on it .


 Oh , my God .
 I found them under your coffin , so if a couple of antique steak knives were the only thing stopping you from getting Elijah back , then here you go .

 I sent everyone home for the night .
 I am your humble host .
 Well , ok .
 Extra points for flair .
 And the night 's just started .
 What made you decide to come ?
 Everyone deserves a chance .
 You lied to me .
 Where 's my brother ? Hello to you , too .
 Cami , Rebekah , Rebekah , Cami .
 I see you still have a thing for blonds .
 Hey !
 Tell me where Elijah is .
 What the hell is going on ?
 Tell me where he is , or I will kill you !

 No , you won 't .

 Perhaps you 're right .

 But I will kill her .
 Let her go .
 You won .
 I 'll take you to see Elijah ?
 Ohh !
 What the hell are you people ?
 Shh . It 's ok .
 Go home , forget all this , and just know that I will make it up to you ,
 I promise .
 You want to see Elijah ?
 Fine .
 Follow me .


 Invite me in .
 Got to ask the lady of the house !
 Davina , come on out , sweetheart .

 Invite her in .
 Come in .

 I wouldn 't do that .

 Who the hell are you ?
 Davina .
 She 's an old one , isn 't she ? Yeah .
 Rebekah is an original , which means she can 't be killed .
 She doesn 't seem very nice .
 She can be , but she hasn 't been very nice to me tonight .
 Then I 'm afraid it 's time for you to leave .
 Aah !


 Well , it 's about time .
 I was bored waiting , but I did so want to see your face , and it is indeed priceless .
 You bastard .
 What day is it ? Sunday .
 I have been daggered for a whole week ? Marcel ... what have you done to him ?
 It 's 1887 , Rebekah .
 You 've been daggered for 52 years . What ?
 And don 't worry about Marcel .
 I presented him with a choice .
 He could choose to undagger you and live out the rest of his human days with you , or I could turn him instead , as he 's always wanted , in exchange for giving you up .


 No .
 He wouldn 't do that to me .
 Oh , but he did .



 Welcome back , Rebekah .
 You were out for quite a while .
 Where am I ? How did I get here ?
 You upset Davina .
 I 'm glad you two finally got to meet .
 Now you know what you 're dealing with .
 Is this my old room ?
 Oh , it 's mine now just like this town is mine , Davina 's mine , and Elijah 's mine until I feel like giving him back .
 What was once yours , what was once your brother 's it 's now mine .
 And don 't ever touch Cami again .

 I didn 't use it .

 You 're awake .
 I could barely sleep all night .
 This house is like a freaking swamp sauna .

 What stopped you ?
 You could have been free of all of this , of me .
 Yeah .
 Well , when I was fighting off those vampires ,
 I realized I wasn 't just protecting myself .

 Maybe it has to do with the fact that my birth parents gave me up and my adoptive parent kicked me out .
 All I know is push came to shove , and I realized I wouldn 't let anyone hurt it .
 I 'm beginning to think we 're a lot a like , you and I.
 We 're both castoffs who 've learnt to fight when we 're backed into a corner .
 Well , we 're backed into a corner now .
 Ah .
 That we are .
 It 's time to fight ...
 Little wolf .
 This whole thing with Marcel , the deal you have with the witches , trying to take him down , take what 's his ,
 Rebekah told me that you two once loved each other like family .
 What happened ?

 I made Marcel everything that he is ,
 I treated him like a son , and when my father chased me and my family from New Orleans a hundred years ago , we believed Marcel was killed .
 We each mourned him in our own way .
 Yet when I returned , I found not only had he survived , he had thrived .
 Instead of seeking us out , instead of sticking together as one , he made a choice to take everything my family had built and make it his own .
 Now he is living in our home , he is sleeping in our beds .
 The letter " M " he stamps everywhere , it 's not for " Marcel , " it 's for Mikaelson .

 I want it all back , and if I have to push him out to get it , then that 's exactly what I 'll do .
 I 'll have somebody see to the air conditioning .



 You 're right .
 The girl Cami , she 's the key .
 Marcel likes her , and because of that ,
 I got to see the secret weapon of his that you 've been going on about .
 Well , don 't stand on ceremony . What is it ? It 's not a what .
 It 's a who , a girl , Davina .
 She can 't be more than 16 , and I have never felt power like that .
 A witch .
 She 's not just any witch .
 She 's something I 've never seen before , something beyond powerful , and now because of you , she has Elijah .
 Who knows what she could do to him .
 Where is she ?

 That clever bitch .

 I don 't know . What 's wrong ?
 She wiped my memory of the location .
 Marcel possesses a weapon bigger and more powerful than an original , and you handed our brother to him !
 How many times will Elijah forgive you ?
 How long until his hope for your redemption finally dies ?
 I did what I had to do !
 Marcel took our home .
 And our home is worthless without family .
 I am finding Elijah , whatever it takes .
 Are you going to help me ?
 Whatever it takes .



 I 'm sorry about that unpleasantness .
 She doesn 't scare me .
 None of them do .
 I didn 't think they would , honey , but the thing is , it seems like they 're here to stay .
 They don 't belong here .
 Might be kind of tough to convince them of that ...
 Which is why I need to ask you for a favor .
 I 'm gonna need you to figure out how we kill an original .
