0 0 : 0 0 : 0 1 , 2 8 0 - -&gt; 0 0 : 0 0 : 0 3 , 0 9 0 Previously , on Young S heldon . . · Dr. Sturgis has been communicating with I 'vebeencorrespondingwi thDr.
J o h n   S t u r g i s
He teaches at East Texas Tech University at East T exas Tech . He said I could audit his class He esaid I couldaudithis course .
Connie I would love to see you again Connie , I would like toseeyouagai n .
Maybe there is a chance we can have dinner together P erhapswecouldhavedinn ersometime .
Great we would love Yes , wewouldlovethat .
Would we We ewould ? If they married the number of smart people in our family I ftheygetmarried , weimmediately double the numberofsmartpeopl einourfamily .
Hello Dr. Sturgis Hello, Dr.
S t u r g i s .
Hello Sheldon Hello , S heldon . Can you imagine you living here I can C anyouseeyourselflivin ghere ?
I   c a n .


The ratio of hot dog to pasta is perfect M mm . G oodratioofhotdogchunk stospaghetti .
I 've been experimenting with perfect proportions and I 'm glad you noticed I 'vebeenexperimenting.
G l a d   y o u   n o t i c e d .
Kids wash their hands and eat K ids !
W a s h   u p   f o r   d i n n e r !
Who will ring the doorbell Now , whoonearthisthat ?
You are not allowed to pick out all the diced hot dogs and eat A nddon  ' tbepickingoutallthech unks .
Sorry I 'm late S orry I 'malittlelate.
My trouser legs got stuck in the bike chain M ypantleggotstuckinthe chain .
Who are you Who are you ?
I 'm John Sturgis I 'm John S turgis . Shelton invited me to dinner S heldoninvitedmetodinn er .


Okay, please come in first. O kay . U m , comein , I guess .
Sheldon S heldon ?
Here comes Coming!
Here 's T hisisforyou for you. It 's cheese and smoked sausage I t 'scheeseandsummersausausages.
Thank you Thankyou .
Smoked sausage means it doesn 't need to be refrigerated
Is that so I sthatso ?
Yes I tis .
Good Sheldon Okay.
S heldon ? Dr. Sturgis welcomes you to Dr. r.
S t u r g i s ,   w e l c o m e .
Thank you SheldonT hankyou , S heldon . Sheldon don 't you think you should let me know S heldon , youthinkyoumight  ' veletmeknow
did you invite someone to dinner youinvitedcompanyover fordinner ? i thought about telling you but i was afraid you would say no i didthinkaboutit , but i wasafraidyoumightsayn o .
Come and see my train model C omeseemytrainset .
好   A l l   r i g h t !
♪ ♪ No one in the world is stronger than me♪ ♪ No bodyelseisstrongerth an I am ♪ ♪ Yesterday I moved a mountain♪ ♪ Y esterday I movedamountaun ♪ ♪ I believe I can be your hero♪ ♪ I bet I couldbeyourhero ♪
♪ I 'm an amazing little guy ♪ ♪ I amamightylittleman ♪
♪ I 'm an amazing little guy ♪ ♪ I amamightylittleman ♪
juvenile
Shelton
Omg Good Lord .
You mean he just suddenly appeared in your house You meanhejustshowedupo utofnowhere ?
He 's playing trains with Sheldon in the garage now Y ep .
H e  ' southinthegarageplayin gtrainswith S heldon . Why is your hair wet Why  ' syourhairwet ?
If you really want to know I was doing water aerobics I fyoumustknow , I was doing mywateraerobi cs , then my swimming cap fell off and myswimmingcapfello ff .
Didn 't this Sturgis brother tell you first T his S turgisfelladidn  ' tsayawordtoyou ?
If you think I 'd go to I fhedid in the YMCA, doyouthink I would havebeendoingfro gkicks at the YMCA?
You look great Y oulookgreat .

3 2 mm model rail gauge trains are the best O gaugetrainsaredefinit elythebest .
yes yes Oh , yes , theyare .

What a surprise Oh, well, whatapleasantsurprise.
That 's great, you 're here too. Oh, good.
Y ou 'rehere, too.
Are you all ready for dinner A rey  ' allaboutreadyfordinner ?
I 'm fine I am . Then let 's go Well , then , let  ' sgo .
Grandma, you smell like chlorine. Meemaw , yousmelllikechlorine .
Why did you say it? Why hysayit?
What you say is true Youweren  ' tkidding .
Pasta with hot dogs is really delicious. Spaghettiandhotdogsisd elightful .
My mom made it even better after finding the perfect ratio E venbettersince M omperfectedthechunkra tio .
Dr Sturgis Sheldon told us S o , D r. S turgis , S heldontellsus you are visiting professor at the university you  ' reaguestprofessoratth euniversity .
Yes I am . H mm .
Does that mean you 're only in the city temporarily? Doesthatmeanthatyou 'reonlyheretemporarily?
The current plan is Well , that  ' stheplanfornow .
But if there is a reason to stay I can also stay But I couldbeenticedtostay .
Grandma I think there is something in his words Meemaw, I dobelievetherewassubt extthere.
Did you hear the overtones D idyoupickuponit ?
Yes. Yeah. I said something in your words, didn 't I understand it wrong? W as I correcttoinfertherewa ssubtextthere?
Understanding is correct Youwere .
Okay it 's all right O kay , we  ' reallgood .
Can 't believe they made me come to the kids table for dinner I can  ' tbelievethey  ' remaking mesitandeatat thekiddietable .
It 's better here I t  ' sbetterhere . Where is the good How ?
No need to pray before meals, no need to be forced to eat vegetables Wedon  ' thavetopray , eatourvegetables ,
And can swear and wecancurse .
Maybe what you said is right H mm .
Maybeyou  ' reright . Of course you are, you idiot. C ourse I am , youass - face .

dr sturgis do you think human beings will have gravity
One day with the other threefund amentalforces
When did you start to focus on research W hendidyoudecidetofocu syourresearch
- On quantum . . . - Sheldon I think - onquantum . . . - U m , S heldon , I think you  ' rekindof dominating the conversation .
Why don 't you let Grandma talk to Dr. Sturgis Why hydon  ' tyouletyourmeemawtalk to D r .
S t u r g i s .
Sorry for you guys to chat Oh , I  ' msorry .
B y   a l l   m e a n s .
Thank you Thankyou .
- Connie - what 's up John - C onnie ? - Yes , John .
Did you intentionally give yourself the taste of chlorine? Doyousmelllikechlorine onpurpose ?
Are you sure you don 't need me to take you home? Yousure I can  ' tgiveyouaridehome ?
I can throw your bike in the back of my pickuptruck .
Thank you for your kindness, I really like the air at night T hankyou , no .
I-I enjoy the nightair. And hotdogs and pasta are rich in calories Plus, hotdogsandspaghettiis ahighlycaloricevent need to do some cardio to consume thatdemandsanaerobice ffortonmypart.
Glad to have the opportunity to have dinner with you tonight Well , itwasapleasurespendin gtheeveningwithyou .
Have the opportunity to welcome back We eshoulddoitagainsometime .
So when is Great .
W h e n ?
How about tomorrow night Howabouttomorrow ?
So let 's talk about Youknowwhat later, we 'llfigureitout. Come and let me walk you to your bike C omeon , letmeseeyoutoyour S chwinn .
Bye bye Bye .
Good night Goodnight .
This is what I have eaten at this house Well, that wasthemoststimula tingdinner
Most inspiring dinner ever at I 'veeverhadinthishouse.
Just be happy if you are happy G ladyouenjoyedit . That man is really my role model in life T hatmanisatruerolemode l .
Congratulations you finally found a male role model Well , it  ' sniceyou finally gotama nyoucanlookupto .
Yeah, I deeply understand Oh , believeme , I know .
You want to keep it all in your heart Yougonnakeepitallbottl edup ,
- Or do you want to say - what - oryouwanttotalkaboutit ? - What ?
I 'm fine I 'mfine.
Nothing to talk about T here  'snothingtotalkabout.
- Are you sure- sure- Yousure? - Y eah .
Sleep well Sweetdreams .
You know yourself you want to talk You ouknowyouwanttotalkab outit .
You also saw Yousawit . My own son doesn 't think I can be his role model M yownson can  ' tevenimaginemebeingar olemodel ?
How do you make my heart comfortable Howam I supposedtobeokaywitht hat ?
You are George 's role model in life. You  ' rearolemodelfor G eorgie .
Used to be I usedtobe .
Now he just wants to grow up to be like actor Tony Danza No owhewantstogrowupandb e Tony Danza .
Did you forget you have a daughter Didyouforgetyouhaveada ughter and she would benefit from having a good male role model whohowouldreallybenefit from havingagoodmantol ookupto ?
Oh my god Oh , dear Lord .
You really forgot Youdidforget .
I didn 't forget me just . . . I didn  ' tforget .
I just . . . I just don 't know how to deal with her I don  ' tknowhowtospendtimewi thher .
It 's not for you to go to the sky George I tain  ' trocketscience , George .
She is a little girl S he  ' salittlegirl . Ask her what she wants to do A skherwhatshewantstodo , then do and thendoitwithher with her .
Well I should be able to Oh , yeah .
I   s u p p o s e .
Trust me you will be with her and she will be very happy Trustme .
S h e ' l l   b e   t h r i l l e d   t o   s p e n d   s o m e   t i m e   w i t h   y o u .
Okay O kay . I 'll try again Yeah , I  'llgiveitatry .
wait for me to accompany her . . . when she does what she wants to do Hey , whenwedo , youknow , whateveritisshelikest odo ,
you 'll be there too, you  ' regonnabethere , right ?
No ah No .
Well, this is a difficult moment. Well, thisjustgotharder.
Grandma Meemaw ?
Grandma Meemaw!
What 's the matter? I went to research I 'vebeenresearchingthings what we can do with Dr. Sturgis thatyouand I candowithDr.
S turgis . have a class tonight at Rice University T here  ' salecturetonightat R ice U niversitycalled
'What 's happening at the center of our galaxy' 'What  ' shappening at the center of our galaxy .'
You stop first Letmejuststopyourightt here .
Don 't worry I know what 's going on at the center of the galaxy D on  ' tworry .
I   k n o w   w h a t ' s   h a p p e n i n g   a t   t h e   c e n t e r ,
But I won 't spoil you but I wouldn 't everspoilitfory ou . Listen to me I know you really want Look , I knowyou  ' reinvested inmeand J ohnhavingarelationship ,
I don 't mean we won 't and I 'mnotsayingwewon 't. But if you get in the way all day we 'll have a hard time developing Butitain 'tgonnahappenwithyoual waysunderfoot.
Have I been underfoot?
Dear adults, if you want to know more about each other, Honey, inorderforgrown - upstogettoknoweachother , you need to have alone time theyneedtohavesomealo netime.
What if I  ' maround , but I tookavowofsilence ?
Go home and have your breakfast and go to Gohomeandhaveyourbreakfast . She said that adults who want to know more about each other A ndthenshesaidforgrown - upstogettoknoweachother , they need to have alone time theyhavetohavetimealo ne .
Makes sense and Makessense .
W hatelse ? Seems like I 'm bad for romance by being a hindrance. A apparentlymybeingunder footisn  ' tconducivetoromance .
Your message is very helpfulT hisisveryhelpful.
Thank you T hankyou . Happy to serve you I  ' matyourservice .
Celeste why do you always fall for badboys Oh , Celeste , why do you always fall for badboys ?

Dad, you are here Hi, Dad.
What are you doing What youdoing ?
Am I doing something wrong? Am I introuble?
No, no, I 'll take care of you. No, no.
J u s t - j u s t   c h e c k i n g   i n   o n   y o u .
Why ? Because you are my daughter and I love you  ' C auseyou  ' remydaughter and I love you .
More and more embarrassing T hisisgettingweird .
yeah i was thinking . . .
I t   i s .
I   w a s   j u s t   t h i n k i n g   t h a t ,   u h ,
how about you and me
just me and you just - justtwoofus .
- Like what - you say - Likewhat ? - You outellme .
What do you find funny What - whatsoundsfun ?
I want you to invite me out to dinner I  ' dliketobetakentodinne r .
Very good where to eat Great .
W here ? Go to T othefanciestrestauran tinallof T exas , the hippest upscale restaurant in Texas.

Is . . . Whichis . . . ? Red Lobster Restaurant R ed L obster , where thesurfmeetsthet urf .
American chain casual restaurants mainly eat seafood and all kinds of meat steaks. Yougotit .
Thanks Dad T hanks , Dad .
Mom you have to take me out to buy something M om , yougottotakemeshoppin g ! I need a new dress I needadress !


Who is Yeah ?
Connie is my John Sturgis C onnie , thisis John S turgis .
Hello John Sturgis Well , hello , John S turgis .
How are you H owareyou ? I chippedatoothonapeach pitthismorning ,
Other than that everything is fine but otherwise, I 'mokay.
Good hello good good G ood . G oodtohearit .
The next thing is N extorderofbusiness . I would like to invite you to dinner tonight I wouldliketohavedinner withyoutonight ,
Just the two of us alone justthetwoofus. That sounds good Oh, well, thatsoundsnice.
What are your plans What  ' dyouhaveinmind ?
I want to come to your house and cook you a Sichuan dish I  ' dliketocometoyourhous eandcookyoua S zechuanfeast .
Sorry what did you say I  ' msorry , awhat ?
Sichuan Cuisine S zechuan . A Chinese cooking style I t  ' sastyleof Chinesecooking I learned
It 's what I learned while traveling in China when I wastraveling through China .
Awesome I would love to Well , wonderful .
I   w o u l d   l o v e   t h a t .
Great . Do you have a wok at home Great .
D o   y o u   h a v e   a   w o k ?
I don 't. I don 't.
It 's okayN taproblem .
I have a portable wok I haveatravelwok .
Okay Okay. How about six o 'clock U h , so , uh , whatdoyousayabout 6 : 0 0 ?
That 's it, I t  ' sadate .
Great Terrific . By the way we don 't tell Sheldon Oh , and , um , let  ' snotmentionthisto S heldon
he won 't get in the way soastokeephimfrombein gunderfoot .
Have you contacted him Haveyoubetalkingtohim ?
Yeah, see you later I have .
S e e   y o u   l a t e r .

But do I have to dress up to go to Red Lobster D o I reallyneedtogetdresse duptogoto R ed L obster ?
You dress up for your daughter not for dinner You  ' regettingdressedupfor yourdaughter . This is a new shirt and remember to have a bib A nd that  ' sanewshirt , sobesuretoaskforabib .

I 'm ready I 'mready.
Are you going to wear this to dinner You  ' regoingtodinnerwearing that ?
You mean she looks so beautiful I thinkyoumeanshelooksb eautiful .
You look so beautiful Y oulookbeautiful .
Thank you for your praise George W hythankyou , George .
How  ' boutwestick with ' dad ' tonight ?
Okay but you want to call me Melissa O kay , butyoucallme M elissa .
You first ask Melissa A fteryou , Melissa .
Thanks George T hanks , George .

God Oh , my .
I know I look like Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles I know , I looklikea Teenage M utant N inja T urtle .
Come on in Well, comeonin.
Sheldon, comein the kitchenfordinner.
- Can I eat here - Why - C an I eatoutre ?
- Why ? Professor Sturgis is on a dinner date with grandma Dr .
S t u r g i s   i s   h a v i n g   a   d i n n e r   d a t e   w i t h   M e e m a w .
I don 't want to miss I don  ' twanttomissit .
Well Fine .
During that time I saw three cars pass by, I saw threecarsdriveby and also saw a raccoon dragging a slice of pizza andaraccoondraggingas liceofpizza.



Thank you both U h , tablefortwo .
No problem No oproblem .

Allow me to help you Allowme .
Appropriate Youareallowed .

Thank you Thankyou .
Yes thank you Yes , thankyou . Excuse me I f I may .

What do you think S owhatdoyouthink ? I think we dress too shabby I thinkwemightbeunderdr essed .
The secret to a successful Szechuan dinner T hetricktoasuccessful S zechuandinner
It is the S zechuan pepper .
Okay O kay . You may find No ow , youmaynotice
tingling your lips and tongue yourlipsandtonguegett ingnumb .
So why do we eat Thenwhyareweeatingit?
Because it 's delicious  ' C auseit  ' syummy .
Well Sure.
So why did you go around China S o , whatwereyoudoingwande ringaround C hina ?
Well , when I  ' mnotdoingresearchorte aching ,
I like to take the path less traveled before I enjoy taking the pathles straveled .
I 'm guessing it 's the road or the bike path I  ' mguessingit  ' sabikepath .
Really A samatteroffact , itwas .
In Chinese people are riding bicycles E verybodyin C hinaridesbicycles .
Fantastic It 'sfantastic.
- Did you go to the Great Wall - I went - D idyouseethe Great Wall ? - I did .
Corpses of construction workers ofthepeoplewhobuiltit.
No Youdon  ' tsay .
There are thousands of corpses H undredsofthousandsoft hem . Come and taste Here , taste .
If it 's just the two of us, why can 't I watch TV while eating I fit  ' sjustthetwoofus , why can  ' t I eatwatching TV ?
Because you are having dinner with your mother  ' C auseyou  ' rehavingdinnerwithyou rmother This is a good chance for us to bond andit  ' sachanceforustotalk .
Sheldon  ' shavingdinnerandlooki ngoutthewindow .
Want me to ask him to come in for dinner W antmetohavehimjoinus ? No No .
Then stop complaining about Thenquitcomplaining .
What do you want to talk about S owhatdoyouwanttotalka bout ?
I don 't know U m , I don  ' tknow .
How 's school going How  ' sschool ?
There but school is a piece of shit It  ' sschool ; it  ' saturdfest .
Good C harming .
Who are you dating? A reyoudatinganyone?
No one deserves me N ah , nobodyuptomystandards .
Of course Sure .
Can I ask you a question C an I askyouaquestion ?
Of course you can ask anything you want. C ourse , youcanaskmeanything .
Were youpregnantwithmew henyoumarried D ad , were you pregnant with me when you married dad?
Why would you ask this U m . . . why wouldyouaskthat?
Sheldonsaidso by Sheldon.
How would Sheldon know Howwould S heldonknow ?
He counted H edidthemath . What What Math ? He said my birthday H esaid the time between my birthday
It 's six months and yourweddingdaywass ixmonths from your wedding day.
yeah U m . . . yeah. that 's because of you. . . T hat  ' sbecauseyou . . .
is a premature baby werebornpremature . I have seen my birth certificate I  ' veseenmybirthcertificate ,
It says I was born with 8 pounds itsaid I weighedninepounds .
Yes , that  ' strue . You are a big fat premature baby Youwereabigfatpreemie .

Let 's talk about something else L et  ' stalkaboutsomethingel se .
why ?
Because I really want to change the subject  ' C ause I  ' dverymuchliketo . Then Heather One said A ndthen Heather B saidshedidn  ' twant
She doesn 't want to play tetherball with Heather M anymore .
Wait, there are two heathers Wait.
T h - T h e r e ' s   t w o   H e a t h e r s ?
Yeah Oh , yeah .
Which is which Which is which? Heather 1 is the megalomaniac Heather B isstuckup .
But then she put on a scoliosis brace butthenshegotascolios isbrace.
Maybe she shouldn 't play Maybesheshouldn ' tbeplayingtetherball.
T hat  ' swhat He eather B said . It 's deliciousT hisisdelicious ,
But you didn 't exaggerate it 's really spicy butyou werenotkiddinga boutthespice.
I 'm sweating profusely I  'mabouttobreakasweathe re .
There is an interesting little knowledge Well , here  ' ssomethingyoumightfin dinteresting . Spicy food usually comes from places where the weather is hotter.
So let everyone cool down whichinturn, coolspeopleoff.
What good does that runny nose do for me S owhatdoestherunnynose doforme ? Give me a chance I tallowsmeto , uh ,
I graciously offer you my handkerchief gallantlyofferyoumyha ndkerchief .
You are such a gentleman Youaresuchagentleman . When I was young When I wasyounger ,
I read a book about etiquette I readabookonetiquette . I learned from it T hat  ' show I know
If I have the opportunity to go to the Vatican to be received that if I everhaveanaudienceatt he Vatican,
I should wear an evening dress or a men 's casual top I shouldweareveningatti reorasackcoat . I don 't know what a men 's casual top is I don  ' tknowwhatasackcoatis ,
But you must be handsome in it but I  ' msureyou  ' dlookhandsomeinit .
Thank you Thankyou .
Ride a long way back at night Youknow , it  ' salongbikerideatnight .
If you want I fyouwant . . .
You are welcome to stay overnight you  ' rewelcometostay .
It 's okay my bike has headlights No , it  ' sfine , I - I haveaheadlightonmybic cycle .
Oh, sure, sure.

But it is said that it seems to rain A lthough , I hearitmightrain .
Don 't worry I have a folding raincoat No oworries .
I   h a v e   a   p o c k e t   p o n c h o .
Good luck S oyoudo.
John John. I 'm inviting you to stay the night I 'minvitingyoutospendth night.


No thanks No o , thankyou .
Premature babies don 't all have to D on  ' ttheymakebabiesthatar eborntoosoon
stayinthehospital
The hospital let us take you home that they sent you homewi thus .
That 's the only reasonable thing you just said T hat  ' sthefirstthingyou  ' vesaidthatmakessense .
I 'm glad we had a good dinner together I 'mgladwehaddinner; thiswasnice.
Yeah it 's fun Yeah, funstuff.
Can 't miss 'Growing Up' Well, don  ' twanttomiss W ho  ' s The Boss .
Lord forgive me for lying Lord, forgivemeforlying.
I 'll tell him the truth when he 's 30. Amen I 'lltellhimthetruthwhen he 's 30.
A m e n .
Your lobster lady Y ourlobster , madam .
Thank you Thankyou .

Need me to cut her openW ouldyoulikemetoopenit forher ?
I 'll just come. Thank you Oh , I gotit , thanks .
- Are you alright - This thing is scary - Youallright ? - T histhing  ' sfreakingmeout .
Come on, let me help you here, letmehelpyouwiththat.
Move it around here.
OK .
The secret is not to look at it. Thet hetrickisnottomakeeye contact .
Tell it to go to Tellhim .
Coming Here.
Alright let 's rip the lobster claws off A llright , now , wejust . . . snapheroff
pop like that . . . pop . take the tool G rabthisguyhere ,
Crack the tongs andwecracktheclaw . Then take out some prawn meat A ndthenyoutakeoutalitt lemeat . . . Dip some butter sauce dunkitinsomebutter ,
Put it in your mouth andthenyoueatit.
Ouch Mom Holy .
Delicious right It  'sgood , huh ? Unbelievable Unbelievable .
Next you make it yourself I 'llleaveyoutoit.
Don 't go and sit with me No o .
S i t   w i t h   m e .
Well Okay.
When I grow up I will eat lobster every night When I growup , I  ' mgonnaeatlobsterevery night .
Baby then you have to study hard and go to a good school Well , hon , youbetterstayinschool and getagoodeducation .
I thought I 'd marry a rich man I was thinking I  ' djustmarryarichguy .
Okay this is also a road Sure , that  ' sawaytogo .
Or marry O raguywhoworksat R ed L obster .
That is also a road T hat  ' sanotherwaytogo .


You don 't talk much, it 's fine, right Yoseemquiet . I everythingokay ?
Are you not interested in me? A reyounotinterestedinm e ?
Of course I am very interested in you Ofcourse I am .
I  ' mveryinterested . Then why . . . Then howcomewhen I . . .
I invited you to stay the night and you refused me I invitedyoutospendthen ight , I gotrejected ?
I did say no right I diddothat , didn  ' t I ?
Of course Good Lord , yes .
I can explain I can explain . Would love to hear it P leasedo . I don 't want you to think in my mind I didn  ' twantyoutothinkthat I would think
You are the kind just because thatyouwerethesortofw oman
I cooked sichuan food for you whoouldengageincoitu s you will simplybecause I cookedyoua S zechuandinner .
It 's better that you don 't explain I twasbetterbeforeyouex plained.
Alright then I 'll do another way A llright , letmetryadifferenttack .

Connie C onnie . God Oh , boy .
Would you like to enjoy the intimacy with me tonight W ouldyouhonormewithane veningofintimaterelations ?
This way is really different Well, thatisadifferenttack.

It looks like things are going well T hisisverypromising .
What happened What  ' shappening ?
dr sturgis  ' bike is still parked at grandma  's house , dr .
S turgis  ' sbikeisstillat Meemaw  ' s . So what about S o ?
It means that he is probably still at his grandmother 's house, T hatmeansheprobablyis, too.
You need to have your own life Youneedtogetalife .
He appeared T hereheis.

Mom Mom Mom M om , M om , M om .
- what happened - what happened - What  ' swrong ?
-   W h a t ' s   g o i n g   o n ?
Dr. Sturgis and Grandma spent the night together for the first time Dr. Sturgisand Meemawhadtheirfirstsle epover.
This is a major development in their relationship I t  ' sabigstepintheir relationship .
I 'm going to congratulate them I 'mgoingtogocongratulat ethem.
Put on your coat first. It 's cold outside. Hey, putonajacket, it 'schillyout.
Good Willdo!
You should say he is not allowed to go to Ortrysayinghecan 'tgo.
Don 't wear it, you 're not allowed to go Oh, nevermind, you can ' tgo!
The lastthing I heard wasjacket !
