 Previously on " The Originals " ...
 You 're Klaus ' father ?
 You can bring me back to life .
 Welcome to my hell .
 You 're all right .
 Have you dreamt of our father ? I saw Mikael .
 I 've been dreaming of him , too .
 Your mother was clearly a very gifted witch .
 Any way I do the math , it ends with me and my guys dead ,
 So whatever it is you got coming with the wolves , just know that I will fight until I am dead !

 Nice job .
 You saved me the trouble of killing all these vampires myself .

 That baby is part witch .
 She has to be born first before she can die .
 No ! This the way it had to be .
 No !

 Writing a love letter to one of your many suitors ?
 So who 's the lucky recipient then --
 Jackson or Elijah ?
 Don 't tell me it 's me .
 I thought I was out of the running ages ago .
 And the award for biggest ego goes to ...

 Oh ...
 How is our littlest wolf ?
 Do you want to ...


 Come on .

 You feel that ?
 Right .
 I 'll leave you to your secret letter then .
 " Dear Zoey ... " or Caitlin or Angela .
 " To my little girl ,
 " your dad just asked if this was a love letter .
 I guess it kind of is . "

 " I never got to know my mother .
 " I have no idea what she must have felt when she carried me . "
 Let go of me , you bitch !
 " So I thought I 'd write to you
 " so that you could know how happy I am at this very moment ,
 " Hh your father and I can 't wait to meet you . "

 " And I want to make you a promise ,
 " 3 things that you will have that I never did --
 " A safe home ,
 " someone to tell you that they love you every single day , and someone to fight for you no matter what . "
 " In other words , a family .
 " So there you go , baby girl .
 " The rest we 're gonna have to figure out together .



 You should know this brings me no joy . I promise I 'll make it quick .
 Let 's begin , shall we ?
 No , no !
 THE ORlGINALS Season 01 - Episode 22 " From a Cradle to a Grave "
 Angels & Demons - Italiansubs www . facebook . com/ AD . ItalianSubtitles

 Cami ?
 Oh , god .
 What happened ? Klaus .
 They fought , and he got bit .
 Marcel . It 's ok .
 I gave as good as I got , but we need klaus ' blood to heal .

 You fought Klaus .
 Did he bleed ?
 I got him pretty good , yeah . Where ?


 Venez sanguis .
 Venez sanguis .
 - Venez sanguis .
 Venez -- - Uh , Davina .
 What the hell ? Josh , what are you doing here ?
 I told you to rest .
 I 'm fine .
 You 're gonna start hallucinating soon .
 I mean , unless I 'm hallucinating you standing in the middle of the street and chanting for no reason .


 Wait .
 Am I ?
 I 'm gonna save you .
 I 'm gonna save all of you .

 Venez sanguis . Venez sanguis .
 Venez sanguis .
 Venez sanguis .
 Venez sanguis .
 Venez sanguis .
 Ok .
 I am hallucinating .
 I will bring hell to your doorstep !
 One last push .
 The baby 's almost here . I will bathe in rivers of your blood !


 - No , no ! - I can see the baby ! Ok .
 Now push . Gently , gently .
 You will die screaming !
 There .


 You have a beautiful baby daughter .

 We must start the sacrifice as soon as the moon sets with the morning sky .
 Please . Please can I hold her ?


 No !

 Hayley !

 Oh , no ...
 No .

 She 's gone .

 You 've been bitten .


 There 's only enough here for one .
 No . This has to be enough !


 I ...
 I can 't choose .
 Please don 't make me choose .

 Save your friend .
 I can take care of the rest of us .
 Marcel .
 - I can 't . - Judging by the look of that bite ,
 You don 't have time to argue .
 Marcel .
 Josh is one of my guys , and enough of my guys have died today ,
 So come on .
 One point for you
 And one point for Niklaus .


 Where do you think you 're going ?
 To find Klaus , get his blood , and save as many of my guys as I can .
 Wait .
 For that , you 'll need a weapon , and it just so happens I have an arsenal .

 How ?
 I was bested . You were bested ?


 You ...
 Were bested ? ! My invincible brother ?

 They took the baby , but there 's still time . We can save her .

 The tombs are empty , the grounds are deserted .
 She 's not here .
 This is the only place they can be . - We 'll keep searching .
 - They are not here , Niklaus .
 We 're wasting time .
 Their harvest was here , the reaping was here .
 They are about to perform a ritual which will feed their ancestors for centuries , ancestors who are buried here !

 This statue .
 We 've passed by this 3 times .
 We were going in the same direction .
 They have fabricated some kind of illusion .

 That 's one word for it .

 So this is what Kieran was hiding .
 More like stockpiling .
 From what I can gather , it 's mostly weapons .
 Dark objects created by witches .
 And co- opted by the humans .
 Kieran 's been keeping this a secret for years .
 You really sure you want to show me all this ? You said knowing my uncle 's secrets could get me killed .
 What if those same secrets could save the lives of my friends ?
 Look at this . I learned about it in the lycée . It 's called the devil 's star .
 They say one throw can make a thousand cuts .
 A thousand cuts sounds about right .
 I need to make Klaus bleed .


 It 's ingenious .
 I can see them , I can feel them , and yet they are not real .
 There has to be a way . Even if we could just push through .
 What we need to do is focus .
 My only focus right now is that child and her safety , do you understand me ?
 This , all of this , this is the world that you created , Niklaus .
 Brother .
 All of your scheming , the enemies that you have made every single day of your miserable life .
 What results did you expect ?
 That your child would be born into a happy life , that the mother would be alive to know her daughter , that we could live and thrive as some sort of family ?
 That was your fantasy , brother , not mine ! No , brother .
 This was our hope .
 This was our family 's hope , and now she is gone .
 Do you understand ? I ...
 let this person in .
 I let her in .
 I don 't let people in .
 You knew this , and you 've taken her from me .
 I needed her , and you 've broken me .

 You can tell your niece how much you cared for her mother when we save her .
 Push !
 No !

 The moon has almost faded from the morning sky .

 I need to prepare .

 She 'll go through with it .
 The ancestors promised her her life .
 What about their promise to us ?
 4 harvest girls sacrificed , 4 girls returned , but her friends hijack it , and ours have to stay dead ?
 Cassie was our friend . I hope she doesn 't go through with it .
 Then you and I can do what the ancestors want , and they 'll give us Cassie ... and drag Genevieve back to where she came from .


 It says I need to channel power from a nexus vorti .
 Ah , yes .
 My wife Esther always did love to dress things up a bit .
 It 's fancy witch speak .
 Nexus vorti -- a rare occurrence , something so infrequent it 's almost a miracle
 like an astrological event or ...
 A miracle baby .
 Voila !


 So are you certain that you have the power to bring me back ?
 I do now .

 De la cendre ? L 'os , de la chair ? La vie .
 We 've passed through here twice already .
 We 're running out of time . Then we move faster .
 Or smarter .



 Hayley .

 Hayley .
 How are you here ?
 I woke up in the church .
 I felt this hunger . I knew what I needed .

 I can feel her .
 She 's here .
 I can feel my baby .
 You died with the baby 's blood still in your system .
 She 's in transition .
 Which means she has to drink the blood of the child if she 's to survive .
 To be reborn a hybrid .
 I don 't care about me .
 I 'm gonna go find our daughter .



 No !

 You fools . to come against us in our place of power , in our strongest hour .
 You do not face 3 .
 You face us all .


 Who the hell are you ?


 No !
 No !


 I was too late .

 There should have been more time .
 Looks like the wolves came back and finished what they started .

 You took my daughter so I would heal you and your friends .
 Here .
 This bite ...
 All this ...
 I know it didn 't come from nowhere .
 This is the last note in a song that I started a century ago ... when I brought your dad to town ...
 And for that , I am sorry .

 No .
 You saved my child 's life , Marcel .
 For that , you deserve this .

 We will take down whoever brought this upon us . I swear it .

 May I ?


 Hey there .

 Stop !
 No .
 Why is this happening ?
 You brought me back to kill my son .
 I brought you back to punish him , and you will when I 'm ready and not a minute before .
 What ... have ... you ... done ?
 I added a little something extra in the spell that brought you back .
 I spent 8 months of my life up here being used as a secret weapon .
 Now you can see how it feels .
 Kneel .

 Why ?
 The ancestors left me no choice .
 You were willing to sacrifice an innocent baby for more power .
 Oh , not just power . It was the ancestors ' decree .
 It was her decree .

 It was whose decree ?
 I 'm surprised you have to ask after all , you were the one who convinced your siblings to consecrate her in New Orleans soil .
 Esther .
 So not even death can stop my mother from seeking the annihilation of her own flesh and blood .
 This isn 't the end .
 As long as that child lives , the witches of New Orleans will never stop coming for it .
 Esther will never stop coming for it .
 It has been decreed . Your baby will be consecrated among her ancestors .
 She will not live .
 They 're coming for me .
 I can feel it .
 I 've failed them . Please .
 Understand , I just wanted to live .
 Tell Klaus ...

 I 'm sorry .
 I 'm not .

 We should have felt our mother 's hand in this .
 We should have known she would not be bound by anything as obvious as death , and now she has control of the witches .
 - They will never stop .
 - No . Nor would I expect the Guerrera wolves to back down .
 Hayley and the child are wolf royalty , and as such , they are a threat to Francesca 's claim to leadership .

 They will never be safe .
 What was it you said to me earlier , that I 've made enemies every day of my miserable life ?
 Well , the worst of them are within these borders , brother .
 I have brought into the world a weapon they can use against me .
 Then we will arm ourselves .
 Brother , we 've fought every adversary in this town , and we have won , and we 'll fight them again , no matter who they are .
 We 'll make this home a fortress . I will not have her live her life as a prisoner .
 Then we leave here together , all of us .
 Wherever we go , however far we run , those who seek power and revenge will hunt us , they will hunt her .
 She has inherited all our enemies with none of our defenses .
 So whether we stay or we leave , we condemn her . There is a third option .


 I grew up in a war zone .
 My parents thought they could protect me , but in the end , they were slaughtered , and I spent my childhood alone and unloved .

 I made a promise to my baby and to myself ...
 That she would not grow up like I did , that she would grow up safe and loved , and yet here she is on her first day in this world with a grandmother that is bent on sacrificing her and a mother that has to drink the blood of her own baby to survive transitioning into a hybrid , and I 'm the one that loves her the most .





 I think the only thing to do is send her away while we stay behind and clean up the mess that we 've made .

 No . This is insane .
 You heard Genevieve .
 So long as she lives , that baby will be hunted .


 Not if on one knows she lives .
 What is it that you intend to do , brother ?
 Whatever it takes to save our family .
 Today begins a new day in the quarter .
 My family , long- time residents of this great community , pledges to help every citizen recover from the terrible outbreak of gang violence that erupted on the streets of our city last night .
 We will rebuild .
 We will remember those who perished as we seek to disinfect this town of its worst elements .
 We will work together to ensure the heart of the Crescent city thrives again .

 Last man standing , huh ?
 I 'm interested in making a deal .
 Don 't look like you got much to offer .
 I 'm hearing word that the Guerreras want the quarter to be a no vampire zone .
 I can make that happen in exchange for you leaving us alone across the river , or ...
 I can unleash hell on your new wolf pack .
 And how can you do that ? Easy .
 I made my peace with Klaus .
 He cured me .
 So now it 's you versus us .
 Klaus ... is a warmonger .
 You think he 's gonna choose to side with a pack of scrawny vamps or an army of the new wolf breed that he created ?
 I 'm thinking he 's gonna side with us , especially after he finds out that your pack killed his kid .
 What ?
 Open the box and let me know what you think
 Klaus will believe about who 's responsible for what you find inside of it .


 Cremation may be the best way to go before Klaus smells it on you .


 Klaus .


 Your baby ?
 She died a few hours after the Guerrera attack .
 This is ...
 This is all my fault .
 I can assure you it is not . No .
 If I hadn 't hesitated ,
 I could have uncovered Francesca 's plot in time to stop it .
 And how would you have stopped the coven of witches in league with her ?
 No .
 If anyone is to blame , I am .
 I am so ... so sorry .

 Camille ...
 I appreciate you being here , but we cannot be friends .
 What ?
 You had me pegged from the start , a man damaged by his demons , and those demons are not dormant .
 They are hell- bent on killing me and everything I find beautiful ...
 And you ...
 You are beautiful .

 - Please , please just go . - Klaus .
 Go .

 Did Marcel play his part ?
 He managed to locate a stillborn baby in a hospital in upstate Louisiana .
 I trust he agreed to the terms .
 He has agreed to allow me to compel him to forget what he knows of my child .
 In exchange , he wants vials of my blood .
 The witches will have to believe this .
 Soon that fourth harvest girl will resurrect .
 The coven will rebuild .
 If they sense that your child lives , they will hunt her .
 The witches will buy what we sell .
 We just have to sell it properly .

 Then all that remains is to say good- bye .
 They will be watching us , all of them .
 The 3 of us leaving together will draw too much attention .
 I will go alone .
 Take your mourning public while I 'm gone .
 I don 't imagine that will be too difficult .
 Grief , after all , is grief .

 In what world will she be safe without us ?
 Who can protect her better than we ?
 There is one person .


 Hello , sister .

 She looks like her mother .

 Maybe there is a god after all .
 Well , she has a hint of the devil in her eyes .
 That 's all me .

 You 'll need a witch you can trust to cast a cloaking spell . I 'll get one . No one can ever find her .
 I know what to do , Nik .


 Perhaps we 'll get a white fence .
 I think that would be lovely .

 This city would have seen you dead , but I will have it your home , and every soul who wishes you harm will be struck down .
 Just as sure as my blood runs in your veins , you will return to me .

 In spite of our differences , Rebekah , there is no one I would trust more with my daughter 's life .
 Be happy ... sister . She will be happy , Nik , I promise .
 What 's her name ?

 Hope .
 Her name is Hope .

 May you rest in peace .
 What 's the fun in that ?

 Come along .
 We have much to do .
 Yes , mother .
 Sybc and Corrections by Wolfsbane and Morrigan


